Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. Constellations like no other company. We have a unique set of existing assets that create opportunities that no one else has. At our core, we have visible base earnings growth of 10% through the decade that is backstopped by the federal government through the nuclear PTC and has a built-in inflation adjustor. We're the largest and best operator of nuclear power plants in the United States. Our plants are especially well positioned to meet the challenge of reliability and clean that U.S. electricity markets need. Our more than 20% share of competitive C&I connects us to leaders in sustainability and the drivers of power demand, in particular, demand for sustainability products. Our country needs what we have, clean and dependable power generation to drive economic growth, support our national security and our environmental goals. Power demand is growing, and at the same time, reliability is becoming a premium product, and there is no more reliable power source than nuclear. Increased demand, combined with the change of the electric system to be more dependent on intermittent, non-dispatchable resources means that we're going to see continued volatility and increased volatility for years to come. This presents an opportunity for us to drive additional value for our owners. In short, we think Constellation is a big part of the solution to America's energy supply. Our clean, reliable nuclear plants, coupled with our ability to offer customers what they need will support the energy transition and our national security. And that's why Republicans and Democrats recognize that nuclear is the backbone of the electric system today and will be tomorrow, and that support continues to grow. On top of the opportunities we have from continued volatile power markets, and we've certainly seen movement in power markets. We have more than 180 million-megawatt hours of carbon-free electricity that we produce annually that can receive additional compensation through 24/7 clean attributes behind the meter opportunities, government procurements for clean energy and capturing prices above the PTC floor levels as we see increases in power prices as demand continues to ramp. These opportunities are on top of the 10% growth we have in our plan. Our task is to capture the additional opportunities as they unfold and to do better than our plan for our owners. With that, let me open it up for questions. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. So David, here's what we've done so far on that. There was an RFI that was issued by 3 companies: Google, Microsoft and Nucor Steel. And what these companies were looking for is power today, but also some role in building new clean power supply in the future. And so what we outlined in our response to that request for information is exactly what I said earlier on the call that we think our existing sites are in an incredibly valuable resource as we consider new firm, clean energy, in particular, from nuclear energy. And so we proposed a structure kind of a multi-tiered structure where we could begin flowing power today from our existing power plants on a long-term PPA.  As part of that long-term PPA, we would work with our customer to begin to evaluate opportunities to add new firm energy. Now big part of that is subsequent license renewal of plants in our fleet, then upgrades and other opportunities that we have organically to add additional megawatts in our fleet. And then finally, to investigate different technologies for SMRs and actually other technologies as well that can be cited at our locations. And what we would anticipate doing over time is having some work with the customer to select that technology. And then the customer, through increases in the PPA, would begin to fund site development work construction ultimately scaling up to the point where the PPA absorbs the full cost of an operating new unit.  And so we would anticipate operating the unit for the owner because obviously, it would be on our site, and we would have a slice of equity given our contribution in land and other things of value to the owners. So this is in the beginning stages, but what I could tell you is it's of great interest to a number of clients in this space that not only want to have immediate access to power today, but want to have more clean power in the future.  And so that's how we're walking through it. In terms of the technologies we're looking at, I think folks know generally that we have a small equity position in Rolls-Royce. So that would be a technology that we would look at, but we would also look at other competing SMR technologies. And we've worked with the owner to figure out which technology best meets their future need at the cost that's appropriate.  So that's the work in that area. But again, look, I want to emphasize that the most important thing right now that customers could do in this space is make sure the existing fleet we have right now is ready and funded for subsequent license renewal. These contracts allow for that, and that's an important sustainability objective for our customers, then operates and other opportunities. And finally, new incremental clean generation which I think could be brought online somewhere closer to the middle of the next decade. 
Joseph Dominguez: I think we're just going to be careful here in terms of that because there's just a lot being reported about that in the press, and we don't want to be kind of linked to a particular project until it's time to announce something. But I think what I am comfortable saying is this, David, we're seeing interest in developing projects that are on a size and scale that presently don't exist, but will be needed for training systems and other things to kind of build out and support the need for all of these foundational models.  I think they're up to 170 plus now foundational models that are going to require training data centers. These are things could be aerodynamics or pharmaceuticals, but essentially, these very, very large computers that would do nothing more than train for a period of time on all of the learnings in every country, in every language from the beginning of time until now be positioned to answer the questions to the future to advance these different industries. So we're seeing significant increases in the number of those training modules that customers need. It's our understanding that in order to support the training, we're going to need data centers that are of size and mentioned from a megawatt standpoint, that is far beyond what currently exists out there in the market. 
Joseph Dominguez: It's Joe. I just want to reiterate the point that I think Jim and Dan are making. There's definitely -- we're certainly seeing upside if you were to freeze this moment in time in terms of the power prices later in the decade, but they're not all that liquid right now. So we'll see how it kind of evolves over time. And the right point for you to look at us is when we talk about guidance ranges, again, as we get through the year, we'll provide some more data points on that stuff. But I think it's exciting to see all of that it also is in a liquid market out there. 
Joseph Dominguez: Shah, what we'll say is that we've obviously seen what happened with Palisades. I think that was brilliant, brilliant for the nation saw great support out of Michigan, great support out of the federal government. And we're not unaware of that, that opportunity exists for us. So we'll -- we're doing a good bit of thinking about a number of different opportunities, and that would probably be certainly one of those that we would think about. But we're not there yet to start disclosing capital and other things relating to that opportunity.  A lot of exciting things for us to do in uprate space as well. And I think you could kind of -- if these things fall into place, you could kind of see where Constellation might be the nation's leader in adding firm, clean energy to the grid. And so these things are huge, chunky things that really position America for the future. So we're going to stick with that until we have something more specific to report. 
Joseph Dominguez: Look, I'll stick with this. We are working fast. Our clients want to work fast. For competitive reasons, I don't want to lay out when we think announcements are going to come, and I don't think it would be fair to our clients to do that either at this point. There's work that is underway. We've got a lot of folks thinking about it and working on it, again, as this call is progressing. So I'm confident that we are going to be able to get to the finish line on these things, but we still have some work to do. And I don't want to lay out a time frame for announcement. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, Steve, I think on this one, there's not a whole lot more to report. In effect, we -- when we took the actions we took a couple of years -- over a year ago now. We were anticipating the passage of the band as we reported at the time. It took a little bit longer to get through Congress, but it's now there. It's now realized. So I think it just simply supports the strategy that we put in place a year ago. We think we are in a very solid position, kind of industry-leading solid position with regard to fuel. And we also are happy to see now investments in this domestic supply chain, which means that after this period of time where we've grown inventory, we're confident that we're going to have available and recently priced fuel to run this fleet for the next decade. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. I don't mind talking about it at all. It really is a summation of everything we've talked about in the call. We think we have a very good strategy here. We think as we compare that to M&A opportunities, the unrealized value in Constellation seems to be the best place for us to put our investment dollar right now. It has -- we have been buying shares of this company since we were, what, in the $80 and we saw a little bit of a drop in prices. We had some kind of negative, I would say, analyst reports at that point in time. We didn't believe it. We told you we didn't believe it. We told you we'd buy the company all day long. We still feel that way today because what we're looking at is the potential growth in our business, the opportunities that we know we're working on, the fundamentals and power markets and sustainability goals that I talked about earlier.  I think that unrealized value is the best thing out there to go buy into. And so when we have extra cash, we're going to buy into that, and that's precisely what we're doing. The only thing that will like better than that is making ourselves bigger and better. So these uprate opportunities or other things where we could add megawatts of scale give us a great positioning and are actually supportive of the work we're doing with the data companies. So that's where I think you're going to see our deployment and capital. We'll continue to look at reinvesting in ourselves and investing in these organic opportunities. Presently, I don't see an M&A opportunity on the horizon is at a scale that is going to enter into this conversation because I don't think those opportunities provide equivalent value to our owners is investing in ourselves for the growth -- organic growth opportunities that we have here. 
Joseph Dominguez: Well, I wish I could. We're waiting for treasury guidance as we've probably said this on [ forward ] calls. But it is not as near as we could tell a high priority item for treasury because it has a narrow application out there. It's really just nuclear owners that are looking for. We think spot is most likely going to be the thing that prevails. So the spot price over the year at the bus of the plant, that's going to be energy and capacity coupled together, are going to be the measuring stick that the treasury will use for the application of the PTC. That's kind of consistent with the vast majority of the comments in this area. That's certainly, we think that's where they're going. But we just don't know yet because they haven't announced anything, and we're waiting on that. But our planning is based on that spot interpretation as we've outlined previously. 
Joseph Dominguez: Well, again, [ Towana ] thank you for kicking us off this morning. Thanks to all of you. We very much appreciate your interest in Constellation. I want to thank our women and men for a fantastic quarter. We look for more to come as the year goes forward. You know we're working on a lot of different things here at the company. The wind is at our backs, we feel very confident about the future and the fact that our best days are ahead. So look forward to catching up with you again on next quarterly earnings call. With that, I'll close the call. 
