Joseph Dominguez: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Well, folks, as you can see, we had a pretty spectacular first year as a company. And now it's time to have another one. In '23, we're going to continue to focus on operational excellence, delivering on our financial commitments and working towards our purpose of accelerating the transition to a carbon-free future. We're focused on ensuring the success of the hydrogen work we're doing, delivering additional megawatts and extending lives of critical clean energy center assets. We'll work with Treasury and other states on IRA implementation issues, and we will continue to effectively deploy capital to the benefit of our shareholders. We will continue to update you throughout the year on these matters during our calls.  Now, Justin, I think it's time for questions.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, James, is that obviously, we're looking at the relative value of our stock right now compared to other assets in the market. At the end of the day, the Board is making a determination of how we feel about our own company, our value and the value of the investment in stock. That will move around certainly over the course of the years, and it may cause us to make different decisions halfway. But the relative value and the are things that drove us to a buyback.
Joseph Dominguez: And Steve, to your question, how long. I can't get a sense it's how long is this price is going to continue to unfold. But right now, I think this is where we're going to be at for a number of years. We just -- the philosophy here is pretty plain and simple. We're never going to be in a position where we don't have fuel for our machines. We're going to take that risk issue off the table for ourselves and for our owners. And so that's driving our plans right now. And I think and given what I'm saying with the Russian situation, what we're all saying it's going to be like this for a while, maybe permanent.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. Steve, it's a really cool kind of investment because in a certain sense, if energy prices were to decline, there's incremental value on the hydrogen side because of what's happening. Let's just kind of pretend some numbers here. Let's suppose prices go from $40 to $35. From a company standpoint, we're going to get the tax credit that will true us back up at $43.75 for the energy sale. Plus production of hydrogen just became cheaper. So it's -- we've talked about it quite a bit here. It's one of these interesting things that's been the Holy Grail in this business. How do you find many businesses that are negatively co-variant to natural gas? So that actually, when natural gas prices go down, it's a better story for Constellation and the top line story is immediately what's happened to power prices. The floor support in the PTC does that to a significant degree, as Dan mentioned. But the other piece of it that's interesting is this interaction between power prices, making hydrogen even more economically viable at lower prices. So it's the ability to get both of these production tax credits that makes it a very good strategic way for us.
Joseph Dominguez: We're always bound by confidentiality when we look at any group of assets or any companies so I'm not going to get into the specifics. What I would say is the same impact that has happened to our fleet and the value of our company is expressed in those acquisition values for M&A. But that's where we get to kind of have to take a little bit more of a disciplined view of looking at the quality of the assets that are available, how well they have been maintained and this big criteria for us around dual unit sites as opposed to single unit sites. For our fleet, we're invested in 23 units. 21 of them operate as a dual unit site or effectively as a dual unit site. The only 2 plants that are outliers are Clinton, right, and . And in both those circumstances, the reason they're part of our fleet is because the states have had clean energy policies that require the existence and continued operation of these plants. So that's the way we've looked at it. We've run every single one of these assets out there. We know exactly what to look for in diligence and we've been disciplined.  I'm not trying to signal to you that we think any less of the consolidation opportunity. That's not my intent here. But I think when people heard us talk about discipline, they had a view that, that was something that we sold on and we're not. We already have a tremendous business here, unparalleled by any other group of assets, and I'm not going to dilute it by overpaying for anything. If there are assets that come to us that are available at what we believe is a reasonable price and they meet the criteria we talked about, we're going to go after it. But it takes 2 hands to clap in this space. And I think the other reality is we probably aren't seeing the same passion for separating these assets from traditionally regulated utilities that exist in pre-IRA and frankly throughout the separation of Exelon into its 2 component parts. So that's what we're seeing. I think there will still be opportunities, and we'll kick the tire on everything. So I don't want to indicate a lack of opportunity, but it's the reality of our discipline and the reality, as I said, of the fact that these units are more valuable in the IRA setting, and strategically, companies are holding on to them.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, David. On the latter, we have that -- the developer and who's going to make the electrolyzers. We have a pretty good sense of that. And we haven't announced it first day and we went into a competitive process. So I'm going to hold on that. In terms of the offtake, you're exactly right. We're looking for opportunities where the customer counterparty is at the site, taking the hydrogen at the site without the need to compress or otherwise transform through pipelines or whatnot the hydrogen to other facilities. I guess the cautionary point on all of that is that we're part of this hub and that hub is still evolving. And so I do anticipate there are possibilities that hubs will include pipeline hydrogen to customers that are off our premises, and we'll see how that kind of plays out. And I hate to not share it all, but I don't want to front-run the announcements we'll be making on this, and we've still got some commercial terms that we've got to work through and get these deals executed.
Joseph Dominguez: Not proportionately, but the answer is yes. I think at the end of the day, it's going to be all of the above will be markets for hydrogen that are at best produced at our site. But let me kind of leave it there.
Joseph Dominguez: Paul, I've long ago learned that the worst way to kind of have these discussions with policymakers is to talk a heck of a lot about them on earnings calls because we're having these conversations where you would expect us to have them. Let me flip it over to Kathleen with the caution that these are confidential discussions and we'll see how they unfold.
Joseph Dominguez: Well, thanks, everybody, again, for joining the call for your interest in our company. It's been a great ride this first year. But as I noted earlier, our attention now is focused on '23 and beyond. We're off to a strong start. And I just want to thank again the folks at Constellation who made this happen every single day at the plants, in the commercial business and the back office functions. The stats ought to demonstrate this, but we feel we have the best team in the business, and we're just really excited by what the future may hold for us. So thanks again to everybody, and we'll talk again after the next quarter.
Daniel Eggers: Yes. I mean it's kind of interesting when you think about the uprates at 135 megawatts. It's a lot of megawatts when you put it in clean energy equivalent value, right? It's almost the same as 400 megawatts of wind. We're going to get that equivalent energy output $200 million with the same $27.50 per megawatt hour PTC tax credit, right? So think about the gearing on how many megawatts you get to that amount of capital is quite attractive. As Joe said, all of that back-end work, right? There's no additional O&M. There's no additional fuel to make those work. So there's -- the economics on those look awfully good, and we're continuing to run down a list of projects to see what else we can advance forward. It will take some time to get those on, as I said, just based on the timing of getting equipment manufactured and then managing the refilling our business. But that's -- and it's great for the environment. It's great for the company. So we're real excited about those.  I think the other question you asked was about kind of leverage and how that's affecting the return. So as said, these are all unlevered investments at this point in time. Our assumption is we're managing our balance sheet to that 35% CFO to debt. That's been kind of the for us for the last year and will continue to be. So the future opportunities to think about finding differently. We'll look at that. But I think we have the time to further in service to make those decisions.
Daniel Eggers: Yes, it's a good question, Jim. And I think about where we are, it's been quite a year, and we've learned an awful lot about the business as far as where our investment opportunities are. The IRA dramatically began to change the landscape for opportunities to deploy capital. I think you got hydrogen the operators, there's a lot of things that have really opened up, and we made a lot of progress this year, $1.5 billion of growth capital from an organization that wasn't putting that kind of capital to work. Our expectation is 2022, we're going to learn a lot more about the opportunities for investment. We're going to see how inorganic opportunities play their way through. But I think we're going to continue to learn more about the size, scope and duration of our investments. And that will then inform some of our capital allocation decisions for the long term, right? We think that the dividend increase today made a lot of sense. It's still 20% or less of our free cash flow for growth. We think that's a very reasonable payout at this time. And it will continue to evolve. But I think the balance right now is the growth investment, the dividend is the right setup.
Daniel Eggers: Yes, Steve, I'm not going to give you the exact numbers. But what I said in the prepared remarks is the majority of that increase is associated with inventory over this period in time. Remember that what we're doing right now is we're continuing to expect that the Russian deliveries are contracted to provide, will continue to occur. We will be buying fuel from other providers who will make sure that we would cover any potential Russian store calls. We'll be net building inventory out towards 2028, assuming Russian delivery -- if the Russians were to -- if fuel is no longer available to us the capital numbers would change. We are admittedly seeing higher prices both on the pieces of fuel we had not previously purchased. And then we've talked to you in the past about there some hedge in our numbers. When you saw uranium move, really conversion and enrichment services go up 50% to 100% over the course of the year due to the conflict, that is putting upward pressure on that fuel bill. So it is more than inventory reserve.
Daniel Eggers: Yes. I think that when you look at the returns, right, the power sales have got to stand on their own, right? We look at the returns or economics of the hydrogen facility, the input production of hydrogen in sale, that's what we're talking about, the double-digit leverage returns. So the investment there, the production and sale of the hydrogen is going to make economic sense on its own. The generation will be sold at a price that makes sense for us also. So we're not co-mingling our returns adjusted by a hydrogen bill.
Daniel Eggers: David, it's a good question. I'd say that -- as I said, we've learned a lot in 2022 about opportunities going forward. We have a lot of things in queue that we're looking at right now. Joe reiterated the fact that we're still very interested in inorganic opportunities when they make the right sense for us and maintaining that flexibility. And I think there's $2 billion certainly afforded that to us to look at opportunities they progress this year and into next year makes a lot of sense. I don't think we have a shot clock saying we're going to have a decision by X date to release some amount of this money if we don't have a an investment or whatever, but we'll be prudent as we saw this year as far as making high-return investments and then returning the excess. And that's how you should look at us moving forward.
Daniel Eggers: Yes. And I think as Joe said, we see real value in our software. It is here today. We have the $1 billion authorization. I think we will find ways to be in the market and I probably want to get into the strategy more than that isn't like particularly prudent to get too much of a layout. But we like where the stock is here, for sure.
