Joe Dominguez: Thanks, Dan. The company is strong. It's built for the long haul and it's an essential company for America. As valuable as the IRA was to the company and to the nation, the thing I'm really proud on about is extending the life and beginning really to extend the life of what we did with Clinton and the announcement on Dresden. These are just the most important assets for America at this point in time. Financially, we're executing well and our balance sheet is in great shape. Our investment grade credit rating is extremely valuable. So, I'll close with the value proposition. We're a unique company that can't be replicated and our assets as I said are critical to meeting our climate goals. The IRA has de-risked the business providing four excellent inflation protection and an exciting platform for growth. We own nearly 25% of the U.S. nuclear fleet producing the most carbon free energy in the country, nearly twice as much at carbon-free energy as the next generator. These plants can run for 80 years, a useful life that's longer than any other carbon-free generation that exists today and in the case of renewables that will be built over the next decade. We provide power to nearly 23% of all competitive C&I customers in the U.S., including three-fourths of the Fortune 100. This puts us in the best position to meet the growing demand for customer driven carbon-free energy and sustainability products. We're the best operator of nuclear power plants in the country [indiscernible] and that delivers enormous value. We generate strong free cash flow through our best-in-class operations, our retail and wholesale platforms, and our support for clean energy and our focus on costs. And finally, we intend to deliver value to you, our shareholders through our capital allocation strategy. We told you that we provide you with an update this year and we're working on that, but as many of you know, there are some meaningful potential inorganic growth opportunities that align with our strategy and we need to see how these things play out before we could provide an update. But as a reminder, our capital allocation strategy starts with maintaining strong investment grade credit ratings, which provide us a competitive advantage. We provide an $180 million annual dividend growing at 10%. We believe there are opportunities to grow our business organically and inorganically and we will see growth opportunities that exceed a double-digit unlevered return threshold and will deliver long-term value to our customers. And when we don't have those opportunities or don't have those opportunities in a particular time frame, we will return capital to our owners through a special dividend or share buybacks. With that said, I'll open it up for questions and I apologize for the noise on our end, there was a little glitch with the mic.
Joe Dominguez: Yes, sure. Let me answer that last part first. I think these inorganic opportunities will play themselves out by the time we speak again on our fourth quarter call. So, my view is, we'll know whether this stuff is going to be actionable for us by that point in time. But we are looking at some stuff right now. I think the fact that the IRA got resolved gives us some sense, gives everybody some sort of uniform sense around the floor price for these assets. And that's very good. It doesn't resolve every valuation question, and each asset is very different. I spoke frequently about the importance of the size of the particular near asset and why we like dual units a lot better than we'd like single site units? So, those variables are going to exist as we look at any particular asset going forward in [the period] [ph]. I think I could speak that obviously there was a talent process to look at the sale. Its asset, that was a very complicated situation because it wasn't just a nuclear cell, but it involved some fossil cells. So, any involvement we would have in that would require us to marry up with another buyer that would take the fossil assets. And Talent announced recently that they didn't have any conforming bids that would buy all of the assets. As other things come on the market, we'll take a look at them. We’ve talked to all of you about that and we're going to take a look at everyone. We're going to be very disciplined. We think the business will consolidate, but we don't have a timeframe that we're necessarily looking at, right. It's owners' willingness to transact that's going to drive it. So, I don't know, Shar, it's going to – this all of the floodgates, certainly starts to settle a little bit of the valuation, but in the short-term, looking to the extent that we're looking at things. I think those will resolve by the time we're having the fourth quarter call, and then we will be able to return to a discussion of what capital return to shareholders should look like.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. I think, look, I think on the last quarter earnings call, I indicated that we would like to provide that information to our owners by the end of this year. And we are aiming for that, but things happen that we don't control and opportunities develop and we're going to explore those.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. Look, Shar I don't think we're seeing anything unusual in this business. What is unusual about our business is the protection that were afforded through the IRA. So, we wanted to spend some time at the top of this call because I don't think folks necessarily focus on the price escalator that's built into the IRA in the event we're in an inflationary environment. But let me give it to Dan to maybe – Dan maybe you could unpack some…
Joe Dominguez: Yes, Steve, first of all, good morning. So, as we dug into the IRA, a little – one of the things that we're saying is that the way we interpret the [indiscernible] I think everyone interprets the bill is that for incremental [carbon-free megawatts] [ph]. This isn't perfectly accurate, but you basically get a double PTC for those incremental megawatts. So, Bryan Hanson and our Chief Nuclear Officer, Dave Rhoades have kicked-off a process to look at different upgrades that might be available to us as of – we've looked at these for a number of years, so we're not starting from scratch. We'll be looking at the economics of those upgrades over the fourth quarter. I think we're being in a position where we'll start to be able to provide an update on the fourth quarter call. I think it's fair to say it could be hundreds of megawatts, but we need to look at the economics to see if they make sense. What's good about them, right, is that when you increase the output of the machine, you're not adding people. So, there are upgrades without incremental O&M associated with running the machines. And in some cases, it involves adopting technologies that actually allow us to become even more efficient from an O&M perspective. So, we need to get costs from vendors and we need to study the implementation cost, but that's something I think that's going to be available to us now. And we'll be able to talk on the fourth quarter call. I don't think I'd give you more color than that right now.
Joe Dominguez: Yes. Let me – I'll turn it over to Kathleen Barron who's here with me, who could explain how it works.
Joe Dominguez: Yes, Steve. You know, I don't want to put it too fine a point on us. We're still trying to understand of these opportunities [indiscernible]. I don't want to give you an exact number, but it's going to be less than 1% right now of our O&M is going that kind of spend just by context, okay. So, that's probably how I think about it. I don't think I'm seeing it getting any number above that, if that's helpful. As we look forward and as we go from, kind of this work to moving forward on projects, you're right, we will start to capitalize them once we have a sizable project with a plan and a business commitment to move forward. I think we'll probably have some level of O&M spend is not going to capitalize on growth for maybe several years to come or longer because there's always going to be work on trying to develop the next project even as one gets underway, right? So, one hydrogen project could go and it'd be the work on the next one or the other behind [indiscernible] cycle, have some sustaining growth O&M there, but as we move to commercialize any project that would be capitalized.
Joe Dominguez: Paul, as I said, I think we'll give that update on the fourth quarter earnings call when we kind of give a comprehensive view of all the pieces put together, including the roll forward on our gross margin outlook. So, it's probably a little bit early. I think it's kind of fair when you think about some of the things enumerated on a prior question, with Shar that we are seeing some pressures where we do our best to mitigate that as we can. But I guess, fair to understand that there are some challenges out there in this inflationary environment.
Joe Dominguez: Yes, I think we're comfortable with the balance sheet [is right now] [ph]. I think the flexibility that affords us is attractive, right? And we saw the support of the agencies, which we're happy about. We also kind of look at the balance sheet as a tool we can use and we look at some of these potential larger investment opportunities. The idea of using the balance sheet to support them is going to be available to us. So, we're good with where the leverage is right now and the ability to flex it when opportunities come up. When I think about the return on capital as we make new growth investments or a threshold we look at for M&A or anything else, we talked about a double-digit unlevered return at the Analyst Day. That is still our North Star as we’re evaluating opportunities and projects internally and I don't see that changing at this point in time. So, that's pretty well where we are.
Joe Dominguez: Look, we're in kind of NDA space with a lot of folks here. So, I would say that there have been very extensive conversations on all fronts. in both the colocation, as well as providing energy to customers who want to reduce hydrogen at their own site. And what we're hopeful is that by the first quarter, we'll be in a position where we're going to be able to start to announce some commercial deals and commercial activity. The hub proposal is going to take a little bit longer, Kathleen, if you want to share a little bit of your thoughts on the timeline for that work, but that also has some commercial contracts that will be a significant part of that work. So, in a sense that stuff has to be done before the DOE could that the [funding] [ph].
Joe Dominguez: Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. And like I said at the outset, to many of our new [owners] [ph] for their interest and involvement in the company. It was a terrific quarter. We knew, look, we knew walking into those call folks, we're looking for us to probably increase guidance. And we've talked a little bit about the inflationary pressure with [indiscernible], but that's a piece of it, but there's growth costs that we had this year as we investigate opportunities. There are stock compensation issues because our employees are enjoying the upside that many of you have enjoyed already, and we've had a fairly significant shaping situation with our contracts, contracts that we like very, very much and happy to have been able to do that business. And then we had a few extra days of unplanned outages. But other than that, the business has been performing just to all of our expectations and we're very excited about the future. So, look forward to entertaining you again on the fourth quarter call and until then be safe. Take care of yourselves and we'll end the call.
Dan Eggers: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Thanks, Shar. It's a good question. And I think Joe kind of hit off on the point that we are having the inflationary production of the IRA. If you think about this year, right, the inflationary environment has really been good to us from power prices moving higher into levels we haven't seen in a real long time, which is clearly helping the business. When I look at the cost of human indulgence for a second, I'll kind of break down our costs a little bit more for you from an overall O&M budget perspective. First off, a little bit under half of our O&M spend is associated with labor, right. So, we’ve got half labor, half supplier, and contract work. Of that O&M bill for labor, about 25% to 30% is going to be for our workforce, it’s going to be the represented population. Our longest labor contract [since go until 2027] [ph]. So, we have pretty good visibility on labor inflation rates on that piece of our labor bill, kind of in the 2.5% range. On the non-union side, I think that we saw some of that this year with the hiring and recalibrating some of our pay levels. We are seeing upward wage inflation just as you're seeing everywhere else in the economy, kind of top to bottom. So, that's something keeping an eye on. Our focus is making sure we pay our people fairly and well. And so, we're managing that, but that’s something I think this is kind of the reality of the world in which we operate right now. If I go to the contracting and supplier side of the equation, and really this is predominantly nuclear and power related spend when we get to this side of our dollars. About half of that spend is kind of with 20 major partners, so large partners to the company of big providers. We generally sign multi-year contracts with them, with inflation caps or bands around them. That's helped to manage some of that inflation in the Q3 percent range. Obviously, there's some sensitivities as we go through renewals and there are some causes for things like commodity escalation and things like that. It hasn't been a huge drag so far, but something we're keeping an eye on, and on the other half of the supplier, right, these are going to be a wider range of suppliers, smaller, shorter contracts and things like that. So far, we've managed that inflation pretty well and certainly well below what we've seen in the market, but it's something we'll keep an eye on. Given our size and how we buy, we get benefits of both buying. We also buy in inventory, so we spaced out some of those costs they roll through, particularly when we think about nuclear inventories or things like that, which will help us to manage our costs. A couple of things that I called out in my script today, [that you think about] [ph] for kind of next year, the growth spending that we had this year, I think you should expect us to continue to make some investments in growth. This is an important opportunity for us and putting money to work there to help fuel that opportunity is important. On the stock comp, which was fairly notable amount of money this year, the tails on that are pretty small to be honest. Most of that gets timed this year just on how the true-ups work. So, there's a little bit there, but in the scheme of what our O&M spend is, it's [pretty tiny] [ph]. So, that's probably how I would think about O&M as you kind of look at your model and our plan will be to refresh all these numbers for all of you on the fourth quarter earnings call in our normal course.
Dan Eggers: And Steve, it's kind of everything. It's the hydrogen stuff, we started from a position earlier in the year where frankly we just needed to learn a lot before we get into this track. The hub work, the work is investigating upgrades and other growth opportunities. All that stuff as a starting company essentially that hasn't done a lot of those investments over the last few years, required us to bring in some talent, some consultants and other experts to get smarter about that. And that's at a cost this year. It's smart. It's good investments. It's what we need to be doing.
Dan Eggers: Yes, we're not refreshing that specifically here, I would say, on the year as the EBITDA is [indiscernible] our CapEx is tracked online and I think our performance this year is certainly consistent with our expectations that we have underline that page in the Analyst Day. As I think about next year and we're always going to go through a budgeting process, but the price outlook and the market conditions have improved for next year. Obviously, we can't have a cost discussion what's going on today, but I think we feel good about the numbers we shared with you in the spring.
Dan Eggers: Yes. I think we'll give you the 2023 guidance for sure. We'll give you some gross margin disclosures and head disclosures certainly through 2024. There's a little bit of complexity, as you're well aware, without clarification from treasury on how gross receipts are going to be calculated. That does have a varying [bolt on] [ph] EBITDA and free cash flow and how they're going to look. So, I think we want to get through that process and have a little more clarity there before we probably extend beyond the 2023, 2024 look. That could also complicate a little bit how we talk about it, a base EBITDA number, but it's something we’re trying to getting our arms around because we know that you guys would like to see it, but we also want to make sure we have a well-reasoned number that's supported by, but we're going to get our treasury.
