Richard Fairbank: So Brian, I think what you're seeing there is -- you're correct in your observation that recent vintages have -- I mean, frankly, this is a general observation across most of our company. But certainly, in the Card business, recent vintages are performing very strong with respect to credit. And it's a natural thing that they would have a higher payment rates and lower delinquencies. And let's savor, there's probably three reasons for this. We have been certainly very, very strict in our credit requirement going through this downturn. We also, as you've seen on national television, put a lot of emphasis on going after the very top of the Credit Card market, and we're happy with our success there and that certainly, most definitionally [ph] (34:30) get folks very high payment rates and low delinquencies. And the other thing, I think, that during this period in time, as consumers are delevering their sort of a temporary period of what you might call positive selection paradoxically in this part of the great recession, and all of that leads to stronger vintages. So we see very good vintages, and of course, the big issue is how quickly can we grow these. With each passing quarter, we feel we see more evidence of traction across all the parts of our Origination business and I think we should therefore be able to get a larger scale of the effect that you're observing.
Richard Fairbank: No. I mean, to us, this is very much offensive, Brian. We are very committed in this company to -- I mean, well frankly, 22 years of building a marketing and brand-oriented growth machine, if you will. And a cornerstone of that is a sustained and heavy investment in marketing. So there's a couple of components on the marketing side. Of course, we've got our actual origination programs that show up in direct mail and other Internet-based marketing that is one rollout at a time. It's a very NPV-based decision at the micro segment level. And then you also have a sustained investment my Capital One at the top of the house in terms of building brand and marketing some of our flagship products. A striking thing to us is that at a time like this when you see such weak demand generally, and frankly, quite a bit of intensity in competitor marketing, we still are finding that our returns per marketing dollars spent, and they sort of measured like NPV per marketing dollars spent, is very strong and consistent with the strong days in our past.
Richard Fairbank: So Ken, let me make several comments on that. First of all, let me talk about the transactor marketplace. Transactor marketplace has been extremely competitive for the last two decades that I've been working in this business. And frankly, that's because it's a great business and all of the challenge is how do you get business. We all love the business that we get. It has amazingly low attrition and wonderful economics, and its blue-chip customer base. So there's a lot of competitive activity there. Each of the stakes had a bit of a different position there. We are very committed to that space. We like the success that we're having, and we're going to be continue to be very committed there. With respect to the revolver space -- and there are a lot of different segments within revolver. But let me say a few things about that. First of all, the revolver, a lot of the card industry has suffered very disappointing results on a relative basis with respect to the revolver space, particularly the pretty heavy-indebted revolvers that kind of showed good performance sort of until they got whacked in the Great Recession. So I think all of us in the industry are pulling back a little bit with respect to the zeal of pursuing, some of these intense revolver space. But here, the key things that we look at -- because again, we subdivide this into micro segments of course as you know, Ken. But as we look at this business, we have some high standards that we've been pointing out that sort of need to exist in order to pursue a particular revolver segment. And the stakes are higher now than sort of they were in the past with respect to this. And that's because in the wake of the CARD Act, the go-to-rate that we picked now is one that -- while there's some modest ability to do some repricing, this is really what we get is what we're going to have and the industry's old habits of believing that there's a lot of sort of secondary pricing and repricing opportunities have to be very much corrected. So we've been looking at what are the destination go-to-rates that can sustain not only current performance but, in fact, weather another significant recession. And if you look at the industry go-to-rates, Ken, they have gone up since the great recession began, they have gone up by about 200 basis points and they're sort of leveled off at this point. That understates the margin improvement that's going on because of course the cost of funds have declined during this period of time. So we had a few more hundred basis points and what has happened is that price level has put a number of the micro segments, when we look at the business, into an appropriate risk-adjusted kind of market clearing price. Whole other parts of the revolver as business are not at that level, and we are still therefore sitting on the sidelines with respect to this business. So there's definitely enough to work with here. But again, I caution that we all have to be very careful about the prices. I mean, the prices we said at this point we're going to be living with and I think you're going to see some caution in some segments as a result of that for Capital One.
Richard Fairbank: Mike, the response rates, if you look at the overall the industry reports, response rates appear to be at their kind of record low at this point. Just frankly, industry mailings, for example, have gone, have returned to 70% of their prior highs. And the amount of demand, shall we say, out there probably isn't commensurate with that. So I think overall, the industry is challenged with respect to response rates. Response rates are a measure that's getting harder to interpret nowadays. And when you look at any of the external data because more and more stuff is moving to the Internet. So I think -- and particularly for so many of us that are doing a lot of originations whenever you go at the upper end of the marketplace, that's particularly -- it's pretty high cost to originate a particular account. That's why to us, it's not about the response rates per se. It's about the overall economics of the business. And I go back to the point that we're really pleased with the net present values that we're generating now despite a really competitive marketplace and consumer demand being relatively weak. But pound for pound, we're seeing it is as strong as we've seen them in the past, and we just are looking forward to getting a few more pounds of it as demand picks up a bit. With respect to the -- I don't have a specific observation to add. It's intuitive, I'd say intuitively plausible, your observation on the uptick in spending on revolvers. I don't have a particular data point on that.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I certainly think that we're well-positioned to be looking at acquisitions, as I've said, ranging from the performance of our business. And the triple whammy for us really has been the Great Recession, the CARD Act and FAS 166/167, and really all of that's basically moving into our rearview mirror and we find ourselves with a heavy concentration of the two businesses that are turning much faster in the recession than others. So we certainly like our positioning, and we have looked, as you mention, we have really not taken just a focus on bank acquisition, but really look across asset portfolios, asset origination deals and things on the banking side as well. And we have gone into a number of these auction-type situations and have, certainly on the banking side, we're certainly struck by how high the prices are. So we're not discouraged from that. It doesn't cause us to not take a look. But the fact that we have nothing to show for these efforts certainly on the banking side since Chevy Chase a few years ago, shows that we're still staying very disciplined. So in summary, we continue to believe the great recession will cause a lot of property to become available, and properties that otherwise wouldn't have come available across the different businesses that we're in. We're going to actively take a look, we're going to be very disciplined about it. And meanwhile, we're putting a lot of effort into restarting the origination machine. And we feel very bullish about those opportunities. The only other thing I want to say on acquisitions and that is of course we have done a number of Credit Card partnerships that involve, not only getting a partnership, but typically acquiring a portfolio there. And there's a case where we've always kind of fancied the partnership business. We go to auctions and we just couldn't believe how high the prices were years ago. Price levels have come down a lot and we're selectively going after some of the very best partnerships. And there's an example of something we've done for a long time, but waiting for pricing to get where it's right, and then we pounce.
Richard Fairbank: So Sanjay, on the acquisition side, I think we've taken a much broader kind of scope into this then a lot of players. So literally, during this acquisition, we've looked actively in the card space, we've looked actively in the auto space, and we've even taken a look at a few growth platforms on the national lending side where we have not been in that particular business, and then we've been looking on the banking side as well. With respect to banking, certainly, our top priority is things that can enhance the footprint that we're in. We always keep an eye on attractive markets and opportunities in a market we're not in. But it would be with a very careful eye about how we could get to this kind of scale that we would want in a particular market.
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, the Auto business is absolutely destined to become more competitive. It was always a competitive business. I think it got less competitive during the great recession. A lot of people backed off, a number of people literally exited the business and the Auto companies and their captives went through a number of issues. So you're absolutely right. All signs point to more competitiveness. Now with respect to the regional banks, I think what you're seeing there is less a comment on the market and more of a symptom of another issue, which is something that we believe strategically 13 years ago, when we got into this business, and that is that this is a national scale business. This is a thin margin-type business and scale. The scale of operating cost and the scale of information management in this business is going to make it increasingly difficult for regional banks to compete. And that's been a macro trend for a long time, and I really, strongly predict that will continue. So what we see is tighter pricing across the board. But it's, for us right now, the credit quality of what we've been booking, Moshe, is still enabling us even with tighter competition to generate exceptionally good returns right at the moment. But we are planning for a tougher environment. I don't think that's going to cause us to not be able to grow the way we want to in the business, but I just think that it's a very valid reminder from you that these businesses get competitive. I just think we're very well-positioned in it. We don't have any plans at this point to break out the yields with respect to the consumer portfolio. But I appreciate, it is a little complex looking at the different pieces inside that business. We'll try to do our best to give you a window into that.
Richard Fairbank: We actually take a very conservative approach to our MTV modeling. So most of the kind of the deep relationship upside, we don't we do not model into the original thing. So we of course make attrition estimates but things like cross sells, we really don't include them. Even a bunch of the balance build and other account management-type things that we do, we tend to take a very conservative approach on that because I've just grown to be skeptic about modeling in all of the kind of upside that's going to come, even though we believe deeply in it as a discipline. In the same way, Betsy, that we have always essentially put recessions right into -- hardwired them right into our credit forecast. We have a very rigorous kind of methodology of how do we quantify where upside exists, but make sure that we don't actually put it into our core assumptions unless we get addicted to it in a way that we could regret.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So in Auto, you basically -- and any credit effect we're seeing in Auto is a seasonal effect. So seasonally, this is the time that charge-offs and delinquencies are rising during this period of time. Frankly, in our own observations, if anything, the seasonal effects that the quality of the credit performance is even sometimes exceeded the seasonal effects that one would expect. But nonetheless, Auto, anything there is just seasonal. The credit performance has been very, very strong. In the Mortgage business, actually, the charge off in our Home Loans business more than doubled actually from the third quarter to the fourth from 41 basis points to 89 basis points. So I appreciate your asking that question. This was really driven by two onetime effects. First, back in the third quarter, we made a change in charge-off policy in parts of our home equity portfolios to align them all around the same charge-off policy because some of these had come from different acquisitions and things. And these have the effect of suppressing third quarter charge-offs for home loans by 15 basis points. So the fourth quarter represents more of the normal equilibrium, so it was more of a distortion in the third quarter. Secondly, we received -- as we do from time to time, we get updated home value estimates and we received updated home value estimates for 1,300 properties that were delinquent more than 180 days and that are being serviced externally. And these updated valuations led to a onetime, one-off write down on the loans, and that was a 25 basis point whack. So sort of adjusting for these onetime effects, you really had an eight basis-point move in the third quarter. In general, the home loan metrics we feel pretty good about the stabilization of those metrics. And Commercial, by the way, is a lumpy business and that is, things -- sort of if you look beyond the lumpiness, we definitely see a rounding of the corner in Commercial, and I think you're going to see commercial credit get a little bit better for next year.
Richard Fairbank: I really wouldn't count any kind of great secret there. Let me comment for a second on the things that are whacking the revenue model of Consumer Banking and just give you some of our numbers on that NSF/OD front we see a $75 million to $100 million annual effect. And of course, this is already has gone into effect. So you really see that in the numbers. On the Durban side, like many banks, we were certainly struck that the Federal Reserve's interpretation of an already-harsh law there. But we estimate $75 million to $125 million pretax impact of that. Now, all of these estimates I'm giving you are before any clawbacks that come from revenue choices that we make, and we have nothing to announce at this point. We're certainly spending a lot of time analyzing that. So I mean, I think our retail bank is kind of hung in there. And I think the reason -- as for Capital One overall, these effects percentage-wise are not that big because we get so much of our earnings and revenue from other places. So we're going to be working hard to make sure that we can replace the earnings in another way.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. I mean, we of course feel that we are  Directly affected by the debit interchange and I think, pound for pound, we are like other banks. We just don't have as many pounds of that business. But I think that we're looking very closely at what choices we want to make there. But I think all of our choices because this is a business that is a smaller part of our whole, we'll be done not only in the context of the local bank but also in the context of where we're trying to go as a company. Now that's a vague statement. It doesn't really -- don't read too much into it. More way of saying we're still working on it, Bill.
Richard Fairbank: It's certainly been striking the success that debit has had, it's the most dramatic probably growth vehicle in all financial services over the last number of years. Debit, while it's been pretty breathtaking growth relative to credit card, I believe most of its growth has really come at the expense of cash and check, less so in terms of substitution with credit card. But we certainly had an eye on that. To the extent, I think you kind of have to look at, Bill, how much in the banks repricing of things. Sorry, let me make the case on either side. You, of course, can have, with the various steering kind of things going on with the lower debit interchange cost, you certainly can have merchants being more active as relative to driving more debit card use. I'm going to take the under on that because there's already been lots of reasons merchants can already drive volume to lower-cost things and create discounts that consumers end up feeling their surcharges. And I guess, I'm probably going to take the under on that particular thing. Now with respect on the other side of it, to your point that might these price changes cause a move away from debit, I think the key thing to look for there is how much are banks changing the price of deposits and the deposit banking relationships overall, as opposed to charging for debit cards. So in the limit, if they -- given that there's a lot of money that's got to be recouped, the more that they put that into the price of the debit card either on a transactional basis or in terms of having one. That actually could create a mix shift towards credit cards. If it's more about just making deposit relationships that cost more, not sure that the Credit Card is going to stand to gain that much in all of this.
Gary Perlin: Sure, Ken. That's two questions, and I'll be happy to deal with both of them pretty quickly. On the cost of funds, I think you've seen a very substantial decline over the course of last year. I think you will see a continued improvement. I would be surprised if it were as dramatically good as it was over the course of the last year, just given the fact that a lot of our swap out for older fixed-rates wholesale funds were being replaced by deposits. It's kind of working its way through. As Rich said, our deposit-to-loan ratio is pretty close to one at this point. So I think there will be some room for improvement, probably not as dramatic as we have seen. Obviously, we're at a particular point in the rate cycle as we go through that rate cycle, I think the potential for an improvement in margin is coming from better performance on the cost of fund side coming from deposits in the long run is going to be extremely helpful. So I think that's what you can look forward to there. On the revenue side, as you note, we saw a substantial decrease in the amount of suppression over the course of 2010. That came from two sources. We were assessing fewer fees in the wake of some of the changes that took place post the implementation of the CARD Act. And the collectability of those fees went up both with the performance of consumers in terms of credit, and also just collectability of fees when we are charging fewer fees. Given the fact that suppression was at only $144 million this past quarter, that's at fairly low levels, and we've kind of gone through now the implementation of the CARD Act. I wouldn't expect much movement off of current levels going forward.
Gary Perlin: Your two other questions, Sanjay, very quickly on the revenue margin, particularly in the Card business again. As we've said, both Rich and I, with most of the CARD Act implementation in our rearview mirror, I think the big effects that you're going to see over the course of the next year or so, certainly, there will be a downward impact on the revenue margin coming from the completion of some of our partnership deals. Those are both lower-yielding and lower-loss assets. And as Rich described, in particular the Kohl's portfolio in the second quarter is a $3 billion to $4 billion portfolio with both a revenue and loss sharing arrangement. And so that will -- I think it will have a material impact on the reported revenue margin in CARD. The other thing of course is that to the extent we see a pickup in volume, that often comes at a promotional rate. So that will have an effect on the revenue margin. And then lastly, as we see loss rates coming down and to the extent those appear to be something that we're going to experience for a period of time, one might expect in the competitive marketplace that margins will drift down to recognize the lower losses that we're seeing. So again, we don't see a particular change from the outlook that Rich and I have been sharing for the last year or so. On where that margin goes and those are the sources of the change. Your other question, Sanjay, on the impact of FAS 167 consolidation on Tier 1 common. So listen up, you're only going to hear this for one more quarter and then we can pretty much stop talking about it and I know we're all looking forward to that. TCE has no more effect on FAS 167. That all hit in the first quarter of 2010 when we built the allowance. In the regulatory capital ratios, the risk-weighted assets have not yet shown the full effect of FAS 167. You'll see the last dose of that in the first quarter of 2011, at which point in time, that will be complete and that will add a considerable amount of risk-weighted assets to the denominator of the Tier 1 common ratio. But still nothing that we haven't expected all along and we've been giving you a sense of that trajectory, which effectively hasn't changed. Remember, that the other item that affects our Tier 1 common or all of our regulatory ratios that doesn't affect TCE is the disallowance formula for DTA. That is at least as big an impact on our Tier 1 common in the first quarter of 2011. Because as I said earlier, we're turning the page on the calendar. When we come into 2011. Our look-back period is limited to two years for regulatory capital purposes and so now we're looking at 2009, 2010, which were the deep recession years, so disallowed DTA will go up. The net result of that is that Tier 1 common will come down in the first quarter and probably to maybe where we were a couple of quarters ago, maybe between Q2 '10 and the Q3 '10 levels but thereafter, not only will you see the fundamentally positive trajectory in our TCE flow through into our regulatory ratios, which will actually see an acceleration of accretion of regulatory capital. As the DTA rolls off, it's going to add capital to our numerator and even with loan growth, we're not going to be adding to the denominator nearly as much in the next two years as we added in the last year because of FAS 167. So hopefully, that gives you kind of most of the moving parts and pieces and explains our comfort level with all of our capital ratio and trajectories.
Gary Perlin: First of all, Betsy, I'm not necessarily saying that our response rates are at all-time low. That was an industry observation. And again these days the Internet's such an important part of the origination thing. It's response rate metric is a little bit an odd one, but it is a fair comment that the cost of acquisition is pretty high these days. Now we have been explicitly going after very high-value customers in the various segments that we go after. So it may cost a little bit more to get them, but we certainly like what we're getting. Let me make a comment on duration. First of all, attrition rates, I bet I speak for the whole industry, I certainly for Capital One -- well, Capital One our attrition rates have plummeted frankly over the years. And that's a blend of some of the change in the mix of business that we've done. It's a reflection of the huge investment in franchise that we're doing, and I think it's frankly also a manifestation of a more temporary phenomenon, which is the recession and everybody just kind of sticking with what they have. But we are finding that even with the -- all the evidence is the business that we're going after, Betsy, I think is going to have some of the best retention characteristics in the history of the 20 to 22 years I've been doing this business. And it's really -- I want to underscore how much our company is focused on building the franchise, building customers that where we can dynamically manage that customer through all of their life stages and so on. And all of this is kind of paying off in a kind of record levels of low attrition, most of which I think we'll sustain, some of it which will pick up after the recession rounds the corner.
