Richard Fairbank: Okay. Ryan, great question. So what -- there's -- let me really talk about the card competition that's probably the heart of your questions here, but we can also expand on that. But in Domestic -- in the Card business, competition has definitely intensified, especially in rewards. Marketing and media activity are I would say, approaching pre-pandemic levels and competitors continue to lean into marketing and originations. Direct mail is back to 2019 levels. Originations have also recovered across the industry and are above pre-pandemic levels.  The pricing continues to be mostly stable. Our rewards offerings have become richer, and we continue to watch that very closely. We saw some modest increases in upfront bonuses, mainly in the form of limited time offers and in travel as demand returns. Our rewards earned rates have also increased with some of the new product structures introduced recently, particularly in the cashback space. And of course, there's also a lot of increasing activity with fintechs, such as buy-now-pay-later, installment lending, and we talked about the breathtaking levels of investment by venture capital into that industry. So -- and by the way, all of this is incredibly natural how a market should be reacting. If we didn't see everything that I just described to you, I would wonder if I woke up in the wrong place. This is incredibly natural. But in the context of this increased competition, we continue to see good opportunities for growth, which are enhanced by our tech transformation. And we're keeping a close eye on competition, looking for adverse selection that may come as a result of that. And we are underwriting with the expectation of higher losses in the future.  Now you asked for a comparison, Ryan, about how does this compare with the last decade. Certainly, in the middle of the last decade, competition in the credit card space really started picking up. But -- and some of the descriptors I would use here, I would use there in the sense that more spending on marketing and originations being kind of robust for the industry.  Back then, we saw a bunch of things that we really don't see now, but we'll have to keep it out and eye out for that. What we saw back then is very aggressive behavior in ways that was more than just marketing. It really was in the form of looser underwriting. And in practices, some consumer practices that we did not feel were fully in the customer's interest.  So there were a lot of things to react to in that marketplace. And if you look back Capital One's loan growth kind of slowed in the card business as we moderated in the face of what we thought was competition that was over the top and that was going to not only make it more costly to originate, but much more importantly, could impact the quality of -- the credit quality of what is being booked.  So we do not feel right now that we're at a time like that, we have to be on the lookout for natural things that happens as competitors continue to heed up their efforts to grow. But I think we're in a pretty good period, Ryan, right now in the marketplace.  And for Capital One, as indicated by my comment about marketing, we see good opportunities. We're leaning into that. And we have our having learned over the years and seen a lot of things, Ryan, we're going to have our eye out for things that we think are over the top. 
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think we are, Ryan, certainly in a pretty extraordinary -- well, not even pretty extraordinary. We're in an extraordinary place from a credit point of view, and I'm speaking of the industry, and obviously, Capital One as well. And not only for our Credit Card business, but also really across the board at Capital One. So as we think about where it could go from here, let's think a little bit about what's driving where it is. So obviously, the high level of consumer support through the government stimulus has been a factor.  Although that's mostly in the rearview mirror, there's some lingering benefits in terms of the consumer balance sheet that come from that. But this will be a good time to watch how credit performs in the -- basically in the absence of that.  We've also had widespread industry forbearance and consumers themselves have behave very rationally through this period of uncertainty, generally saving more spending less and paying down debt. And then on top of that, we've seen strong labor markets so far this year with very high demand for workers, solid wage growth, which should support consumers as government stimulates stimulus expires.  So where does everything go from here? It feels inevitable that losses will increase from the exceptionally low levels of the past year and of where we are. But I think the timing -- it's much easier to have conviction about what will happen and the timing of that. We're looking for signs of normalization, card delinquencies ticked up modestly in August and September. Although this is the time of year when we tend to see seasonal increases in delinquencies. So we -- this is just a -- I think this is a very strong time. And the I think most companies are enjoying the strength that most banks enjoying the strength that they have. I think they're leaning into their opportunities. And for Capital One, I think our opportunities are particularly good because of the technology that we -- the shoulders that we stand on. But with a watchful eye for normalization that will absolutely inevitably happen. And by the way, when it happens, that's normal. That's not necessarily alarming at all. It would be surprising if it didn't happen, but we'll just watch out for the extremes of behavior and in the meantime, lean into our opportunities. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So Moshe, we are -- as you know, we talked about continuing our originations going in prior years, sometimes while we were holding back on line with the caution about the environment that we were in. And we talked about the coiled spring that, that represents. And so we always take the philosophy of trying to continue to build the underlying franchise and then expand the lines as we see validation about the strength of the marketplace and the strength of the individual customers.  And we are gradually increasing credit lines, nothing too dramatic, but consistent with how we're leaning in, in general. We are increasing credit lines gradually. So that will be another boost on the loan growth side. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, look, revenue growth is the best friend of efficiency ratio, as you point out, Moshe. And our philosophy, I think some companies sort of drive -- try to drive a very sustained efficiency ratio improvement by just squeezing cost out and we're certainly trying to drive a lot of efficiencies from technology.  But our philosophy is certainly that leaning into investing in technology and in growth opportunities can be an engine for revenue growth, and that, combined with digital efficiencies can help drive a sustained long-term improvement in efficiency ratio.  And of course, we've enjoyed something like a 400 basis point improvement in efficiency ratio from 2013 to 2019 when the pandemic kind of interrupted our process. The reason I pointed out the -- my comment about efficiency ratio a few minutes ago was pointing out some of the pressures on the cost side that really come from the sweeping digital change that's transforming the marketplace and the compressed time frame for investment and innovation.  And -- so new and traditional competitors embracing the need to invest in technology, the arms race for tech talent is fierce. And in fact, it's the biggest talent arms race that I've seen in my 3 decades of building Capital One.  And that Moshe, that's a disappointing one because that raises the tied level of tech costs without generating in a sense, any benefits directly from that.  And just talking about the fintechs for a minute. Here's some striking data. Investments in fintechs through the first 3 quarters of this year has been more than $90 billion or on an annualized basis, of course, that's $120 billion, and that's more than double last year's total. And I mean those are just breathtaking investment numbers. And that's a huge assault on our industry from a kind of a defensive point of view as we react to that. But also, I look at this and say, that's a clear indication that banking is ripe for transformation, which we have believed for many, many years. So this all shows up in the need to invest both in technology itself and in leading digital products to gain competitive advantage and the clock is ticking. So we're in a strong position to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace, and we have invested for years to build a modern tech stack. We have a deep heritage in big data and analytics. And we have a large customer franchise and a national brand. So I really like our positioning and our chances, but we do have to invest to capitalize on the opportunity. So Moshe, the pulling way up -- the pressures come really from 2 things, which both derived from one thing, which is the rapidly changing marketplace. So you've got the cost pressure in terms of tech wages and the compressing time frames for innovation across the industry.  And we just wanted to share that with investors and that we are leaning in to capitalize on this opportunity. And all other things being equal, that pressures' efficiency ratio. Of course, when you pull way up everything I just talked about, maybe not so much the tech labor cost.  But the investment imperative is in service of the same longer-term objectives, enhancing growth, building a franchise and very importantly, driving greater efficiency. 
Richard Fairbank: I was on mute, sorry. Let me start over, Betsy. Great, It was so eloquent. I can't repeat what I said now. But the spend growth is really an across-the-board thing from mass market customers to the heavy spenders that we have in our portfolio. And virtually every spend category is up, and it's up over -- it's up over last year. It's up over 2 years ago. The only laggard versus 2 years ago -- I shouldn't say laggard. Basically, the travel and entertainment category has kind of caught up with where it was 2 years ago. But given that you saw our overall purchase volume numbers are up 27% compared to 2019. It just kind of shows you how much -- pretty much all the rest of the categories are surging ahead. So that's partly a comment on the marketplace. And it's also partly a comment about Capital One and our -- the traction that we're getting in spend across our business.  Obviously, you can see from our marketing and from our products, and we've spent years investing in building a spender franchise. And we -- the numbers that we've been posting are indicative of a lot of traction there. Now I'm going to -- I'm not going to give guidance on where it's going to go from here.  I think it's got good momentum. But also, I think consumers have been sort of making up for lost time. And I think as they break out being so cooped up in the pandemic, the spend levels have been up. And we'll see where things go from here, but we certainly carry quite a bit of momentum into the marketplace.  And the purchase volume success ends up being -- giving a boost to the outstanding growth of Capital One, which, of course, like all the banks is still being constrained somewhat by the high payment rates. But we were really happy to see that even the outstanding growth is -- the needle started to move there in the quarter. 
Richard Fairbank: So the time to pay back for any of the originations we do, obviously, is dependent on the particular segment. But we've been investing for years and not just spending money on marketing, but spending money on building the franchise of Capital One. And the building a brand, creating the really exceptional technology that powers the products that we have with customers, creating exceptional customer experiences.  And I think what we are seeing is the continued benefit of our investment in the franchise. Now we talked about leaning into marketing, which we have been doing and -- as I said, we're continuing to do that. We see good opportunities in the places we've been investing for years.  And while there is increasing competition, we continue to see a good origination traction and a cost per account originated that is very reasonable for us by our historical standards.  And we really like everything we see about the early performance of the things that we're booking. So that would suggest, let's see that the value of these accounts should be strong. And so given all of this, we see opportunity to continue as we've been going and keep a close eye on things that may change in the marketplace one segment at a time. But for right now, we think the opportunities are good and the return on the growing investment that we have had is good. 
Richard Fairbank: So the competition in rewards is certainly very intense. We see it in the marketing levels, everybody's stepping up for more of that. The product structures and the overall rewards levels continue to be fairly aggressive. And you can see banks out there refreshing products in the market recently with enhanced rewards. And not only in the cash back space but also to your point, at the very top of the market, including with the high fee rewards card. So I have not -- look, I think we all live on pretty thin margins in transaction margins in this business really because of what's happening and it's great for consumers. The leading banks have past so many benefits on the consumers. But what I -- I would be surprised if our biggest competitors at the top of the market are losing money on every transaction and trying to make it up with volume elsewhere in their franchise.  Now there may be selected examples of that. But I think what the leading players and this is certainly what we've been doing at Capital One, we have invested for years in brand and digital capabilities, customer experience, the servicing side of things, the card always works side of things to where one doesn't have to compete solely on the basis of rewards, important though that is, I think, really for the top players, I think this is really, at the end of the day about building a franchise, a sustainable franchise.   And I certainly, from everything I see, feel that, that's what we have here at Capital One. And I think a small number of players are particularly investing -- years of investing to get that position. And I think all of us are well served by what we have. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So John, we declared years ago that through the tech transformation that we were driving, which along the way was going to cost more to drive that, that over time this transformation and the extra growth that we could get in the marketplace could -- that would put us in a good position to drive operating efficiency over the longer term and that, that would be an important part of the investor value proposition for Capital One. And we've already -- seeing some significant improvements in operating efficiency. I talked about the pressures that come from rising tech labor costs and the imperative to invest. But while, again, the rising labor costs sort of by themselves don't really generate a lot of value, they cost money.  The things we're talking about here of leaning into investment opportunities are the very things that are part of our original strategic philosophy about driving operating efficiency. That's the way that we drive more growth over time. The way that we drive more digital productivity gains will be to continue leaning into our tech transformation and the investment at the top of the tech stack for the -- in the growth opportunities that can help power that.   So we are still all in on the quest, the efficiency ratio quest. And the kind of destinations that we have talked about, we need to incorporate the investment imperative that we have along the way. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes, John, I think that most of what we see tends to be more in the range of normal. But I would be the first to argue that subprime customers have certainly had a number of benefits in the marketplace that, that over time will and are going away.  So it would be a natural thing. Normalization is a very natural thing across the board. It would certainly be a natural thing there. We watch all these trends carefully. What we've seen in both card and auto would really be in the category of both seasonal and normal. But I wouldn't draw any big extrapolations from that, just more of an observation of what we see at this point. 
Richard Fairbank: So Sanjay, look, that is a really great question. And one that for many, many years, we have been -- we put a -- we have put your strategic question, kind of front and center in our own thinking for years.  So ever since you could watch, of course, in China and the incredible way that inside tech apps, one's whole life, including financial life gets embedded in there. That's the most extreme example of the front end of banking really being taken over by a tech company.  And the risk, of course, as one looks at the marketplace, to your point, is the front end of banking being taken over by tech companies and banks being the utilities quietly behind the scenes of that.  And that has been central on our radar screen from for many years. And we have seen -- and I think that there continues to be momentum in both camps. So in terms of the tech companies being the front end of banking, we see increasing traction in aggregation and many, many types of aggregation, not just people coming to go get a budgeting app kind of thing. We see that one-off aggregation for particular things and a whole variety of things in consumers' life.  But between the incredible scale that tech companies have in terms of customers, the incredible engagement they have and now the increasing traction in aggregation that is something that all of us need to really be staring at. And I think there is, in a sense, kind of a great race going on between that model and the model of a bank being the go-to place, not only for the back end of banking, but really for the front end of banking where one can manage one's financial life through the technology of a customer's bank. And that's been a primary objective of ours for a long time. And one of the probably 20 reasons that we've worked so hard to transform our technology because we want to have shoulders to stand on, that are the same shoulders as the leading tech companies have. So that we can build software and have the kind of capability and speed to market and so on that comes from being a modern tech company.  And I have -- we have seen a lot of traction at Capital One. And I think some of the other leading banks have seen a lot of traction too. I mean just looking at the growth of not only how many mobile customers that we have -- both online and mobile customers, the growth rate of that. But also the frequency of visits and the increasing number of things that we can do for our customers.  And the old world of banking was a reactive one. Customer would walk into a branch and say, I have a particular need, and then the banker would figure this out. The opportunity that comes in the new world of technology is where proactive banking is as important as reactive banking.  They're not proactive banking in the sense of spamming more customers with lots of cross-sell offers. But really banking where we are watching the customers' money when the customer isn't, and providing leverage right in the flow of the customer's financial life to provide them the information that they need and the guidance that they need. And if you notice some of the TV ads, we did probably 6 to 12 months ago, were all about some of the real-time alerts that were helping people with things that they really had no idea were going on with respect to their money.  So I think that the great race that you talk about is on. It's one of the reasons we feel a real imperative to invest. But we like our position, and I really like actually our chances to not just build some features and have a bunch of customers, but actually to be at the center of our customers' financial lives and to be able to really build a growing franchise where Capital One is right there, where the eyeballs are and where a customers' mind share is. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay, John, I don't see a particular segment that really stands out. A strategic thing that we've been really leaning into for a number of years at Capital One is a continued migration toward the transactor side of the business, not running away from the other one, but differentially really investing and enhancing that.  And of course, when you see all the purchase volume growth and other things, you can see the benefit there. But what we have also found is that the real emphasis on the transacting side of the business even for revolvers ends up being something that not only generates more transactions, but it helps drive a healthier prime and even subprime book. So that quest is very aligned and well at Capital One. We see growth opportunities really across the board. There's pretty intense competition across the board, but I think we see growth opportunities and a relatively rational marketplace in card across the board. The auto business, auto -- there's 2 things I would say about auto. First of all, there's like 4 or 5 planets that are aligned in the auto business that I don't think in our lifetimes are going to align again that have led to some of the extreme performance that's happened in the auto business in terms of the growth, the revenue, the credit side of the business, it's been a very strong thing. Given the strength, we have been particularly -- had a cautious eye looking at competitive pressures in that business. And I've always said that the auto business is more subject to competitive pressure disrupting the business than the card business because the card business is one-on-one us with a customer or a prospect. The auto business, again, has the dealer in the middle of the whole exchange and the dealer is driving an auction. And so we continue to be -- very carefully monitoring the competitive effects. We are seeing growing competition in the auto business. It's showing up across the board from big banks, credit unions, and smaller independent lenders, and we're seeing it play out across all credit segments. It's showing up in pricing, underwriting and loan terms.  And many lenders have expanded beyond their pre-pandemic credit box. And as the competitive environment continues to evolve, we remain focused on the disciplined execution of our strategy and our core philosophy of maintaining high resilience and taking what the market gives us remained unchanged. In our underwriting, we made conservative assumptions and assume rapid normalization of vehicle values to more sustainable levels.  So there's kind of 2 competing things going on in the auto business that sort of -- that drives the results that you see. One is growing competition, which is very understandable because every auto player has posted really strong returns and wants to get more of that.  There are some signs that we raise an eyebrow to make sure that we see sound underwriting out there in the marketplace. But we also have -- our opportunity is differentially being also powered by our tech capabilities that we have in the auto business, things like Auto Navigator, things like our relationship with the dealers and their reliance on our technology to help them underwrite better and sell cars more rapidly and effectively. So the net of those 2 forces has led us to post another really solid quarter, and we're leaning in, in the auto business, but we should all understand we should be cautious about where the marketplace will go and also understand that the planet alignment, at some point those planets won't be as aligned as they have been. 
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, I was on mute there. Sorry for the silence. Thank you, Kevin, for the good question there. As we have said on a number of occasions, the banking industry -- by the way, scale matters a lot. And by the way, however important scale was years ago -- and by the way, as someone that started Capital One 3 decades ago -- and I've always were worshiped on the altar, scale, and it's been a tough journey because we didn't have the scale for most of the time. And One is always reminded of how more scale would help. Banks -- most of the banking industry is, I think, focusing a lot on buying other banks to build a very important scale.  At Capital One, we are not looking at bank acquisitions. We are building a national -- I mean -- by the way, we did 4 bank acquisitions in our past that were very important in putting us in a good position of threshold scale in the banking industry. But where we are focused on the banking side is in building a national digital bank. And that's really going to be an organic quest. No company has ever really built one organically, but we like where we are, and we like our chances.  Our acquisition focus is looking at technology companies and the fintechs. And I mentioned both of those. We have done acquisition of technology companies where they have some of the tech capabilities that we're building. And since we share a similar tech stack, that's been a compatible thing to do and an accelerant. And then, of course, we are looking at fintechs and Capital One has done a number of those acquisitions in the past as well.  We -- it's not lost on us the breathtaking valuations that these companies command. And so we want to be a patient investor, but we are real students of the fintech marketplace because we can learn so much from them. We're inspired by some of the things they come up with and the things that they do, and we partner with some of them to take stakes in some of them and sometimes do acquisitions.  I think Capital One is in ideal position as an acquirer of a fintech because of the tech stack that we have. And pretty much every fintech out there -- every modern fintech out there is on the cloud. And I think that the -- they're on the cloud, the tech talent they have is like very similar to our own.  Culturally, the whole thing, the emphasis on data and analytics that is behind a number of the fintechs has been a focus of our company since its founding days. So I think that we have some natural advantages on the acquiring side. So for years, we've looked at fintechs and occasionally, made acquisitions, and we certainly are pleased with the ones we have made. 
