Steve Crawford: Thanks Jeff, I’ll begin tonight with slide 3. Capital One earned $1 billion or $1.84 per share in the first quarter. Pre-provision earnings increased 10% from the fourth quarter to $3 billion as we had higher revenues and lower marketing and operating expenses. Provision for credit losses increased linked quarter driven by higher charge-offs and a $286 million allowance build including $73 million of allowance build in our oil and gas portfolio.  As you can see on slide 4 reported NIM decreased 4 basis points from the fourth quarter to 6.75%, driven by one last day of recognized income and a full quarter of lower yielding GE commercial assets, partially offset by higher interest rates. NIM increased 18 basis point year-over-year fuelled by strong growth in our domestic card business. Turning to slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 11.1%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.9%. We reduced our net share count by 12.8 million shares in the quarter. As we completed our previously announced incremental 300 million in repurchases in the first quarter. We are on track to complete our remaining C card authorization by the end of the second quarter of 2016. As we continue our parallel run for Basel III advanced to purchase, we estimate that our common equity Tier 1 Capital ratio was above our target of 8%. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Steve Crawford: I think we are all struggling with and as you look across the industry at management comments, with the extraordinary change in the actual balance sheets of different depositories and then the extraordinary influence of central banks and the market place and a real uncertainty is to how regulation impacts, deposit flow is going forward and the nature of completion, we're not a period where history provides much comfort to try and figure out where we're headed. So, I think it’s just not surprising that we will continue to be to look at our assumptions on interest rate, sensitivity and risk management and frankly trying to be creative about how this environment which is so different and unlike an unprecedented to how that's going to unfold and what that should mean for how we manage interest rate risk. Now if in fact things due change and our model suggest we are less sensitive, I think that will be a good thing and we'll have avoided for instance, putting on more hedges than we would have otherwise done. So, but I think this is something that everybody in the industry expresses a lot of uncertainly about and its continuing to look at what the implications of that our for rate risk and rate risk management.
Steve Crawford: Yes. We really spend a lot of time on the guidance that we gave last quarter and Rich talked about some of the challenges that have emerged over the last three months to that guidance which were absorbing and keeping where it is. And I think with all the puts and takes that's about as far as we prepared to go. Obviously the branch optimization in and of itself on a narrow basis creates savings, but we're also investing in that business in other places and really what we want to do is talk about this on consolidated level. Rich, I don't know whether you have anything to add.
Steve Crawford: Ken, it is performing consistent with our expectations, and we've been that business for a long period of time and what we see is consistent with what we've learned over the year about that business and we like its profitable business. We like its resilience and we're continuing to grow in that of one of many segments that we're growing in at the moment.
Steve Crawford: We're not – we're certainly in that business. We're not a big player in brokerage and wealth management space. I think that it is not – it’s an area on an organic basis we continue to work to growth opportunities. We're kind of a small player. I don't think that the big wirehouses are shaking in their boots about Capital One. But especially for our existing customers we've got some really nice, very refreshing high value products for our customers, but it still off of a very small base at this point.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Moshe. So the most important point is to just reflect on the volatility of this number and particularly as we turn in the second consecutive quarter of where this – the number meaning the net interchange growth number where it is as high as it is, we go out of our way to remind folks that there's a lot that goes in to this particular calculation and these contribute to its volatility. So, let me start Moshe with just the volatility side of this thing. The net interest interchange metric includes partnership, contractual payments and international card and consumer bank net interchange and also we update our rewards liability every quarter based on points earned and redeemed the redemption mix and redemption rates. And so, any one quarter we probably spend more calories explaining that volatility than we do just reporting it just to make sure that folks focus on the longer term trends. If you look at the full year 2015 compared to 2014, our net interchange grew 11% compared to purchase volume growth of 21%. So, if we get pass the quarterly noise part of the conversation. Let's talk about why net interchange growth has generally lag domestic card purchase volume growth and why we also expect that to continue. Our rewards programs have been and continue to be very successful with -- yes of course strong growth in flagship products like Quicksilver and Venture and our Spark card, but we're also building a long term franchise very consciously and consistently by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers and extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards. And as you can imagine this entails some near term cannibalization when we do this. But it's all part of building stronger, deeper customer franchise. And those trends – I mean we're well on our way with respect to those trends, but they will continue. And also -- and this is something that will be a newer effect in the numbers that's not in our prior numbers, a few of the larger merchants have negotiated customer interchange deals with the network and those economics on negotiations that have now happened will make their way into the interchange metrics for card players. So, you ask the question about rewards competition. This is a very competitive space, I think the competition has intensified a bit over the past years, over the past year really issuers are continuing to introduce new offers, upfront bonuses have been gradually increasing over time. I still look at this, as the player its generally rational, intensely competitive and our strategy is design to go right into a marketplace like that. So, we'll keep an eye obviously on interchange risk, I mean, that's a different orthogonal factor, but I think that we still feel pretty optimistic about that. That variable overall in the marketplace and all-in-all as we post another quarter of pretty strong performance we – it’s really more of the same story that we've seen in the past and despite intense competitive we still see a window of opportunity to grow and beyond sort of the notion of window here I think this is just part of the same strategy of Capital One to invest in and going at the top end of the marketplace and I think we're very pleased with our success.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Rick, several questions there. First of all you mentioned auto and card, so let me do a little cross calibration relative to those two. We see growth opportunities in both businesses, in fact you saw an auto actually growth stepped up a little, although we went out of our way to say, don't get carried away with that. I think our message is really the same as before, frankly, in both businesses our message is really the same as we had last quarter. On a cross calibration, I think the auto business is a little bit further along in the sort of the natural evolution of a market and the competitive dynamic associated with that and I think we see less growth opportunity there even though at the margin we're both vigilant and very much working to capture the opportunities that are consistent with our underwriting. On the card side, I think that the marketplace is despite very competitive is still, I'd say it's very rational. The competitors have staked our different positions in the marketplace with different strategies and several are succeeding all at the same time. Where we are finding growth is an opportunities that are through the result of investments for years and strategic focus and testing and a lot of things that give rise to a more sustainable growth opportunity. Again, I still would flag nothing last forever and we'll take this one quarter at a time. But we feel the same way about the card business as we do a quarter – did a quarter ago. I think there are still lags on the growth opportunity here. And again, it will all be down within abandons of caution and knowing that window is always open and close, but I think we still are quite bullish about this opportunity. Now, then you said, so what about growth math? The growth math, because we have the – the key thing about growth math that is – that's so central to our explanation about credit at the moment is not just that we're doing a lot of growth right now. And as you know Rick, growth entails sort of peak losses on a vantage in the first couple of years before a thing settled out. So you have that component, but the fact that it is on top of almost we never quite seen before the extend of such a season resilient back book that the juxtaposition of high growth on top of a highly season back book creates particularly more dramatic growth math effects. All of that said, it's also the case that if you overlaying a bunch of vintages that have the same credit growth dynamics, there is just a natural seasoning effect that occurs. Frankly whether growth continues or whether growth slows down that becomes a pretty strong effect in causing the credit effects of growth math to settle out in the latter part of the time horizon that we have provided guidance for.
Richard Fairbank: So, I think there are some – there are really kind of a couple of one-off things that have happened, that have been negotiated and those will become enduring effects relative to those merchants. So those effects will make their way over the course of the next number of quarters into a change in the run rate of interchange from those couple of merchants. And I don't think this is just like a see [ph] change in how the industry works, but we just wanted to flag that these I think well known things that have gone on in the marketplace, have a natural impact as they flow into any of the major card players.
Richard Fairbank: The reality is the merchant marketplace even though it’s a lot more consolidated than it was years ago, it still when you really stand back and look at it a strikingly fragmented marketplace and this does not have any impact on our overall strategy.
Richard Fairbank: So, I think that, look, I don't think we want to be in the sensitivity business. I think we did scenario last time that went through sort of the mathematical impact of a one unique set of assumptions about prices and all that happened is our own provision was different, but the external scenario was different and our own allowance build reserve and everything else ended up being unique. So, I think what I would say is this. It maybe useful just to pull back and just talk about the provision in the quarter for a minute and then I come back and comment on your question, but if we look at our -- we had a $157 million of the $228 million commercial provision expense was related to energy and $18 million was due to charge-offs mainly in the oil and field services segment. We build reserves by $139 million, and of that our unfunded build was $54 million. As we used higher utilization assumptions for some borrowers given the somewhat defensive behavior that we saw during the quarter, and then lower oil and gas prices run off on hedges and declining collateral values also impacted our borrowers and contributed to the reserve build. And then there were some odds and end to round out the build in provision. So, I think that what we have done in terms of allowance and unfunded reserve builds reflects what we see with our customers and in the marketplace at this time, but I think it is also the nature of markets that sometimes feed on each other that I think that they still needs the deleveraging of the oil and gas industry, still needs to happen. I think we've reserve for that which we see and I think it's our expectation that it will take a while and have continuing credit impacts as this thing fully plays out.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. First of all, to your cross-sell question. As we mentioned we fully exited cross-sell at the end of the first quarter and we'll have no cross-sell revenue in the second quarter. But yes, some of that affect happened in the first quarter, the first quarter was I don't have the exact number in front of me, but something in the neighborhood of half of the -- is around 10 basis points and being the amount of revenue that we got and that was around 10 basis points. So that would be your answer on that. The domestic card revenue margin, it's interesting how stable that has been over the years. That has been – there's been a lot of factors that have worked in opposite directions on that margin. There is certainly been a macro effect that we've been flagging over time in terms of things that we call franchise enhancements where we continue to make choices in the customers favor and that have a bit of impact on revenue. The most dramatic of these in recent years has been this cross-sell effect and it is now fully playing out. I think the biggest impacts on revenue margin going forward will not be so much of the franchise – further franchise enhancement, although here and there those always go on. I think it’s the – whatever happens in the competitive marketplace which is every intense, and we will continue to monitor that, but I think we're going to stay out of forecasting business with respect to revenue margins.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. It's not our policy and try to end up with a large asset sensitive position that's kind of naturally what we end up with as a result of the balance sheet that we have. So we find ourselves in an asset sensitive position but I think we probably if we could do it in an efficient way work to not have as much sensitivity. I should mention we do have some work underway that suggest deposit pricing may not lag as much as we've originally estimated.  There's no final decisions estimate on that point and we probably won't had a more fully formed analysis of that until the second quarter in terms of how it might change our disclosed impacts. But we're taking all of the actions that we can at our accounting friendly to manage the interest rate risk. And really what we're trying to do is balance kind of near term net interest income sensitivity which longer term changes in economic value.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Chris, the purchase volume continues to be strong, let's talk about where we're seeing it. We're seeing it across various segments in our business that are growing nicely and obviously the spender and rewards business is growing in our revolver business where we focus on revolvers rather high balance revolvers, we see it in small business. But the growth results from success of our rewards programs, it results from new account origination but also credit line increases. And there is an element of this as you're familiar with the fact that we over the last couple of years increased credit line quite significantly making up for kind of a brown-out that preceded that period of time. Now we're in equilibrium with respect to credit line increases. But as people utilize extra line as you have new originations just the utilization of the card, all of these thing help grow purchase volume. So, the purchase volume numbers are the results of direct success in spend oriented programs as well as it’s a byproduct of all the growth that's going on at Capital One. Can we sustain this? I think that we're in a good competitive position, but obviously a lot of other competitors are investing heavily and have a lot of very successful things that they're doing, so we will continue to take this opportunity as far as it will take us but we're cognizant of the intense competition there. Private label with respect to growth rate is in a different place because that's relatively modest growth rate, because we have not been adding lot of big partnerships. Some of our existing partnerships are having nice growth but that business is in an intense competitive period around auction prices and we've gone to a bunch of auctions. We've tended to come up empty handed lately because of – we're not been willing to go to some of the extreme levels that we have seen where the market clearing price goes. All that said, we like the partnership business and I think it has continued opportunity, but in that business that is so auction driven, I think we have to be very respectful about the nature of the auction pricing cycle within that business and make sure that we don't do unnatural things for the seek of growth.
Richard Fairbank: First of all, I want to start with your opening point, consumer credit and especially card credit have been exceptionally strong for some years now. And for Capital One if you peel away the effects of growth math that's still very much the case. And when we look at our back book for example credit is strikingly stable with some pockets have even continuing improvement. And this very strong credit environment has been the result of for ourselves and the industry highly -- highly seasoned back book is made up largely of customers who weathered the great recession, a more disciplined consumer who is less likely to be over stretched or over indebted and a economy that has slow though it has been sort of on a long sustained kind of recovery here. But from where we sit today, my biggest worry and it kind of gets to your question is the potential impact of growing a competition and actually the growth itself that we see of credit around us. We’ve seen a growth of revolving debt creep up to about 6% recently. That’s pretty high relative to the low and sometimes negative levels since the recession. And both consumers and creditors have been very cautious. Beyond card growth, we’ve seen growth in other non-mortgage debt. We’ve seen it institute [ph] in lending, auto lending and installment lending and we are watching that closely as well and installment lending which I think the banks have gradually returned to has been the primary asset class for the alternative lenders and you may remember we had an installment lending book that into the great recession was probably our worst performing portfolio. So we -- my point is primarily a installment lending point but the broader point is all of this -- the math of the amount of growth that we see in the credit market place is not lost on us. Now it is in the context of a particularly on the card side growth being flattish for a long period of time so we are not overly alarmed by just a surge of growth but we’ll certainly have to keep an eye on this. And we know that in the end the growth, the things that we see in the market place with respect to growth not only affect our growth opportunity they can affect credit with the selection quality of new originations and can impact existing customers who take on more debt from other players. So, all of that is stuff that we look at, at this point Don we have not seen these effects in our performance. We’ve reaffirmed our guidance but it’s just a reminder why we focus so much on resilience. We don't set growth targets in company. We focus on capturing highly resilient opportunities when we have them and in the end always that we're in the risk management business, but right now net-net we still feel very good about our opportunity here and we feel very good about the credit outlook.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. We're growing in segments in which we have a lot of history and a strong track record even through the great recession. We're in our branded card business. It’s probably not exaggeration to say when we look at the major places we're investing, we're growing in all of them with the exception of one – we are growing in all of those and there is one place we're not growing, we're actively working to continue to dial that down and to shrink it and that's the high balance revolvers. The combination of these factors has driven our portfolio mix of 650 and below assets, a little higher over the past year. Generally though our portfolio mix has been about one-third plus or minus, I think recently it’s been a little bit more on plus side.
Richard Fairbank: So, I think – look, the economy is always a wildcard there, but I don't think that is where that – as our growth I think is going to be more driven unless there's a dramatic kind of change in the economy. I think it’s going to be much more driven by the competitive environment and the related impacts of that competitive environment on the credit environment. And we just learned long ago one of the things that makes this business what it is in terms of the opportunity to make money and get growth opportunities, but on the same its always something that we have to remind ourselves is the relationship between competitive practices that both how intensive the marketing is, the underwriting practices, the pricing and those things, how much they impact not only growth but ultimately make their way into the credit side of the business as well. And this is one business where our own customers and a lot of credit business this customers have a lending product from one bank. In this case people can have credit cards with a lot of players and then of course they hold the lending products from others as well. So as I have said and I still actually would describe the credit card market place this way, on a cross calibration with the rest of the industries that we are in, I think this is the most rational of the market places. But certainly the thing that we are watching the most is the level of supply out there and I think the underwriting competition has been very rational which is a good thing, but we will continue to watch that competition and then look for impacts that can come with that, that would signal to us that it would be appropriate to slow down or whatever. But again, you always know us, we are always in the go out and look out and [Indiscernible] at things to worry about, but I think that we continue to like the opportunity in the current space.
Richard Fairbank: So one of the things that has been striking to us is the amount of -- there’s a lot of consumer credit is in that space. There is a number of major competitors are actually growing in that space and also what impacts that business a lot is the what spills downstream from the prime business as consumers migrate. And so, when you -- and you can look at the overall disclosures on how much the various banks have of 660 and below. And you can see that there is a pretty sizeable amount of business that each of the players have. I think they have different strategies with respect to them. Capital One’s case we explicitly actually target certain pockets within that business, other players it’s more of a byproduct of more generalized marketing that they do and some of the retail bank players I think they are going to this space with your own customers that they know well. So I think that it’s a more competitive space then I think sometimes urban legend will have it, but that Capital One I think just has a more unique approach to the business and one of the striking things I’ll mention again about the card business is the major card players have staked out unique strategies for how they play in this business and relative to most businesses that we are in I am struck by the differences in those strategies and frankly look around and see a lot of successful players doing smart things given where they are and the bone structure of assets that they have and it leads to the simultaneous success I think of a number of players.
Richard Fairbank: Well thank you everyone for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. As I mentioned before the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks again. Have a great evening.
