Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. Let me start out on Slide 3 with a quick review of earnings for the second quarter. We had net income of $1.1 billion or $1.87 per share, which was up 4% from the first quarter. Pre-provision earnings before tax were $2.6 billion, up about 2% from the first quarter. I want to clear 3 items that are worth calling out in the quarter relative to operating trends. First, you'll see on Slide 3, provision expenses are lower by about $120 million. The change versus linked quarter is really driven by lower charge-offs. We also had nearly a $200 million allowance release in provision, which is consistent with what happened in the first quarter. Rich will spend more time on credit in his remarks. We also had a $183 million pretax charge in the quarter for Rep and Warranty. And as we disclosed last quarter, there was a -- the effects of moving Best Buy to held-for-sale, which favorably impacts pretax earnings by about $123 million. To clear a question I'm sure will be asked later, I want to talk about prior guidance. We talked in the past about pre-provision earnings of approximately $10 billion, excluding extraordinary items. We still believe we will achieve that with any reasonable margin of error. And finally, on Slide 3, I just wanted to talk for a second, consistent with feedback we've had from investors, we also have a new non-GAAP disclosure and its income absent deal adjustments. And you can see a reconciliation of that on Appendix A, but that would translate into about a $1.3 billion of net income or $2.18 per share. Turning to Slide 4, and spending a second on margins in the balance sheet, you can see total interest-earning assets were down 2% quarter-over-quarter. Total interest-bearing liabilities were down 3% quarter-over-quarter, driven by lower funding needs. The 12 basis point increase in net interest margin you see over the quarter was driven by 1 additional day from the first quarter and by the held-for-sale treatment we've discussed with respect to the Best Buy portfolio, primarily. As you've seen in our prior disclosures, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive, so the increase in rates will result in an earnings benefit, which will be realized over time. And I want to add, that's all other things being equal. Potential changes in mix, competitive dynamics in our business, credit trends and more generally macroeconomic trends will also contribute to the evolution of our net interest margin. We have expectations for a portfolio runoff, which were slightly updated from what we talked about in the first quarter. In 2013, we expect about $11.5 billion in runoff, $9.5 billion for Mortgages and $2 billion in Domestic Card, and $8 billion in 2014, with roughly $7 billion of that coming from Mortgage and $1 billion from Card. On Slide 5 -- I'm sorry, on Slide 4, let me talk about Basel I and capital. You can see that our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio is up 30 basis points in the quarter to 12.1%. Our -- our Basel I Tier 1 -- Basel III Tier 1 capital was above our 8% target. It was approximately 8.5%. If you include actually the impact of OCI, which would be about 20 basis points, it would be down to about 8.3%. We are emphatically not changing our Basel III target of 8%, but we continue to assess a regulatory interpretation of the rules that were recently released. I want to end on our plans for capital return. We have received, as you've seen, approval for a $1 billion buy back, which we plan to execute in 2013. We announced last quarter, our plan for a payout ratio in 2014 to be well-above industry averages of around 15%. And we are still consistent with those plans, of course, subject to regulatory approval. So while we have not changed our forecast for capital return for 2013 and 2014, the uncertainty for the industry's long-term capital requirements has not declined. I want to reiterate the higher payout ratio we expect for next year will be largely, if not entirely, from stock repurchases. We believe our stock is attractive, and we feel that the flexibility in repurchases is consistent with the regulatory push for higher capital. In all likelihood, the next major benchmark for us on the capital front will be CCAR 2014. It's unlikely that any of our guidance will change in advance of receiving these results in March of 2014. Let me turn it over to Rich to go through some of the businesses.
Stephen S. Crawford: Taxes -- so in taxes, we were a little over 30% in the first quarter. The biggest factor which drove the quarter-over-quarter increase was an expectation for more income. There were some discrete items as well. And there's a catch-up adjustment that happens also to incorporate the higher expectations earnings throughout the year. So that's why the tax rate jumped up to 32% in the second quarter. And I can't go out too far, but I would say for the year, it's probably going to be between what it was for the first and second quarter.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, I'm not sure. Can you go through that again, please? As we've got -- we're going do the $1 billion repurchase, right? But that's all going to be back-end loaded in 2013. So you won't have -- you won't have the full impact of that until next year.
Stephen S. Crawford: Moshe, I mean, that's actually one quarter of held-for-sale. Last quarter, we actually gave a schedule, quarter-by-quarter, of what happens with respect to Best Buy. And you really, for the run rate impact of Best Buy, need to look at the fourth quarter and even that, we suggested, wasn't going to be necessarily the final picture. Because we're still at work on the cost side. So this quarter, in terms of the impact, isn't really a good way to think about Best Buy on an annualized basis.
Stephen S. Crawford: Well, part of that is actually an impact of credit and part of it is just lower fees. So it's consistent with what you heard from Rich on the credit side. We're not anticipating huge improvements from here on out. So I think you'll probably see more of our stability on the item going forward.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Sanjay, so let's talk a bit about the U.S. Card revenue margin. Using only held-for-investment loans as our denominator, revenue margin in the quarter was 18.7%, strikingly up from 16 -- from 17.6% in the first quarter. And the increase was driven by the incremental Best Buy held-for-sale impacts of about 65 basis points, combined with seasonal marginal -- margin increases and strong credit. And offset a bit by the franchise enhancements we talked about in the prior quarters. The second quarter had a full quarter's impact of Best Buy held-for-sale. And adjusting for that, underlying revenue margin is 16.8%. So when we look out into the future about our revenue margin, there's some puts and takes, but the -- you, of course, have seasonality and effects of purchase accounting, but kind of looking past those, let me just talk about the more fundamental puts and takes. And there's really kind of one primary one in each direction. You have the franchise enhancement activities. This is where we're making choices to -- that end up reducing revenue by changing some of our practices or activities to help enhance our franchise and customer experience. And we have kind of -- we've made some forward-looking guidance about those, and we are pretty much on track relative to those. In the -- the other direction really is the -- is having Best Buy as it moves out of our portfolio. Best Buy has a revenue margin that's lower than the portfolio average. And so these 2 factors generally kind of offset each other in the medium-term. So while there are many other factors that can drive revenue margin like industry pricing and credit performance and growth and adding partnership and things like that, the sort of, on an adjusted basis, as we've talked about this, the revenue margin that we're seeing is pretty consistent with historical ROAs and is generally, I think, from a fundamental basis, pretty sustainable.
Richard D. Fairbank: Right. Brian, let me, in fact, take your point about the Card business. First, I -- there are a number of metrics at Capital One that, because of our business mix and the way we manage the business, that are apples and oranges relative to competitors. And certainly, the cost per balance is a classic one of those. Costs are really driven by customers and our average balance per customer tends to be lower. We have a different mix. We avoid the high balance revolvers. And so we are very focused on really driving to a more and more efficient place in the Card business. But I think that our destination -- we always look at competitors for comparison, but I think that we see real opportunities to improve efficiency. But it's driven in the context of still a very different kind of business mix, particularly as manifested by that metric. Also, if you include in an expense calculation, marketing, we've tended to avoid teasers. A lot of competitors are very heavy -- use teasers very extensively. In some ways, our marketing expense are someone else's balance transfer teasers, for example. So -- but beyond those sort of calibration points, we have great energy and passion around the expenses. And while we are driving efficiency in every single way that we manage the business, we have highlighted both third-party expenses and digital as particularly areas for opportunity. Over the years, we outsourced quite a few activities. I think, in many ways, we -- it may be that relative to a number of players, we have a higher percentage of things outsourced, I'm not totally sure of that. But we believe there is great leverage to really get best-in-class with respect to third-party expenses. And one thing that we have done is to mobilize a lot more of the third-party expense and negotiating activities to a very central -- centralized, highly talented, really experienced team. And we're already seeing in that movement, some pretty significant saving opportunities. So I think there's an opportunity, therefore, some steady increases -- improvements in expense over time. The other kind of biggest one to highlight is in the area of digital. And -- I mean, I think it's not an exaggeration to say we're living through one of the most profound changes that's happened in the history of mankind, and banking is certainly no exception. And frankly, I think banking has been quite belated relative to many other industries with respect to the digital revolution. Most of the things that we're doing to drive leadership in digital are not motivated primarily to reduce cost because I think the benefits are so great with respect to the customer experience, the ability to be fast to market, the ability to drive information-based strategies in realtime and so on. But I am certainly struck by the fact that most transactions, the significant majority of all transactions that happened outside of a digital channel in a bank, either a Card business or in a back, could be done digitally by customers. Now, in the end, they're going to make their own choices, but for us, the drive to digital is a multipronged effort to, first of all, create great digital capabilities and give our customers a customer experience that can enable them to choose digital as a primary way of banking. Secondly, if you build it, they won't necessarily come in the sense that driving customers to digital is a really key part of this thing. And thirdly, the -- digital is not just about how we interface with our customers, but in a sense, digitizing the whole company and really running the company, operating, and most importantly, take the mindset of digital. It really has tremendous leverage to it. So this is not something that's going to transform economics overnight, but I think that both third-party and expense and the digital opportunity give us something that, I think, we can drive to for multiyear opportunities to, in the end, raise our gain, and along the way, get more efficient.
Richard D. Fairbank: So, yes, Ryan, look, I think -- I'm encouraged by the things that I see beneath the surface in our Card business, in the areas where we're investing. I see a bit -- I don't want to overstate the effect, but I see more traction. I see things happen -- happening a little bit more response. I think that some of the new programs we've been putting in place are getting some nice traction. The line increase brownout that we have experienced, really, since the beginning of 2012, when the regulatory rules changed on requiring validation of income before doing a line increase, we're working our way through -- we're pretty much there with respect to having the capabilities we need to now increase credit lines and so on. I do want to say, though, that the Capital One way of doing the Card business is one where we book accounts and build balances on a gradually, kind of, increasing basis. So this is not a big change that you'll see. In fact, I said that the needle on what I just talked about will really move more next year than this year. But the other thing that makes me still cautious to point to loan growth is that when we talk about running off, the 2 things that we're essentially running down, one is the riskiest parts of the HSBC portfolio, and the least resilient parts of our own portfolio, really more focused around high-balance revolvers. That runoff is -- involves a lot of balances and that each year, we kind of start behind the starting line in generating growth. When you see the bounce in my step and the excitement about the businesses that I know those choices are going to really enhance the resilience of our business. They won't -- you won't get paid for that in the good times. You get paid for that in the bad times. But meanwhile, everywhere we're investing, I really like our chances. The other one I want to say is the other place where I think there's upside from here, but it's not upside that is like right around the corner, is in the partnership space on the organic side. In the last couple of years, really since we announced the HSBC deal, pretty much all of our energy has gone in -- with respect to that partnership business, has gone into doing the integration and re-upping with partners. I think what excites partners about Capital One is the opportunity to create innovative marketing programs and really build business over time. So in that sense, I think some opportunities have been lying fallow, if you will, and can be capitalized over time as we kind of -- in fact, really pretty much at the destination with respect to integration and partner sign-ups. So that's why I've got a bit more of a bounce in my step, but I just don't think you're going to see the metrics, really, moving for a while in any dramatic way. On the credit side, you've heard our comments over the last several years, and we've tended to be -- we never liked to book improvements that might come out in the future. It is certainly striking -- and it's extraordinary, really, what has happened over the last few years as consumers have become more and more careful. And frankly, originators like Capital One and our competitors have also, I think, been particularly conservative in their originations. I think what we're seeing is that as this plays out in our portfolio, the kind of pay off of years of conservatism by us and by the consumer is manifesting even better credit performance than we probably would have expected, maybe the flip side of why we lament about loan growth sometime, that delevering consumer. But I -- our comments that -- I mean, I'm not sure I'm ready to declare that things could get better from here. But I think the trend in credit and when we look at things like roll rates and some of the underlying -- pretty much all the metrics associated with credit continue to show 2 things: One, the payoff from the conservative approach we've taken to originations and all of our credit policy; and second, the consumer that continues to be cautious.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, you remind me of back in my consulting days when I showed one of my clients the sum total of the growth predictions of all the players in the industry and said, unless there's a massive revolutionary growth shock to the system, I think we're all going to be disappointed in more ways than one. A thing that I would say on a calibrated -- I mean, so your question, Donald, is a very good one. If I cross-calibrate what's happened in the Card business versus other places, I think the card -- in the businesses we operate in, I think the card industry has been the most rational relative to the Auto business and the conservative -- I mean, the Commercial business in terms of competition in the wake of the Great Recession. You see a lot of folks kind of rushing into C&I lending, you see folks kind of running into the Auto business. In the -- in the Credit Card business, supply has kind of subsided here in the last couple of years and pricing has been pretty stable. So I would say what we're talking about here is probably the most rational of the markets. That said, all the players seem to have a bit more bounce in their step. And I think that it's a good caution that we should keep an eye out for changes in supply, in pricing and other things that might happen. Notice my own proclamations here, I'm not saying anything about that you're going to see real growth out of Capital One's Card business. We still have a conservative stance. We've got a lot of things running off. I'm very focused on generating resilient returns and letting the growth that the market has to give us, come to us in the way that it will. But we're going to keep a conservative stance on that.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Ken, the Auto business had a confluence of things happen to it that I believe in our lifetime is, you're never going to see again, okay, and in the period after the financial crisis. You had competitors head for the hill, more exiting in that space than in the other businesses that we play in. You had -- the car companies run into huge problems that cut back their supply. And you add the consumer -- even walk away from their homes while they're making sure that -- I mean, it seems like the assets that they were most making sure they paid on was their car. And you had an extraordinary sustained increase in used car prices that meant for all of us. Every year when we did our originations and for us, of course, assuming that whatever we saw in used car prices would regress toward the mean, the fact that we find, on the recovery side, so much more value than we had estimated, you really had kind of this -- kind of the Golden Age, if you will, of the Auto business. What's happening now is that other than the fact we don't yet see evidence of used car pricing subsiding, although we would expect that as well, you see pretty much more return to normal on all the things that I just talked about. People have reentered the space -- lenders have reentered the space. It's not lost in them that there was some gold in them there hills. The car companies are getting their mojo back and stepping up volumes quite a bit. And so -- we are very, very careful to watch these markets carefully and not pursue growth objectives at the sacrifice of good credit and all of that. So where are we? This is not a red flag that I'm dropping on this business. It's really more of a return from an exceptional, once-in-a-lifetime kind of period to something more normal. So from an underwriting point of view, if you talk about -- if you look at pricing in the prime space, pricing is now at prerecession levels. It's very competitive. In subprime, it's healthy but falling and approaching the -- approaching kind of more cycle average, but still above it. The -- from a credit point of view, the LTVs are stable and healthy. FICO Scores are holding pretty firm in the industry. But there is some lengthening of terms, significant growth in the sort of 73-month and beyond kind of term period. So we'll keep an eye on that. But of the various metrics to be loosened, that one is a lot less alarming to us. So what we see, Ken, is a business that at the margin, if I described it, I think, 'at the margin,' the originations we're doing now in prime are kind of pretty much typical for what you'd see through this cycle probably. In subprime, they're a bit above but they're clearly well-above hurdle but not at the exceptional levels that we saw in the past. And so there's still a comfortable margin in our originations relative to our cost of capital. And we are comfortable with the underwriting that we are doing. And so that's why at the pretty high level of originations we've been operating at, we hope to continue at levels pretty consistent with that. But the main thing that we wanted to do was flag that -- while at times, I will raise issues and say, "watch out for these various concerns out there." These changes in the Auto business are -- it's absolute portfolio math as these new originations replace the old. So we still love the business and we're going to be very passionate in our pursuit of it. But there's going to be a little less gold in them there hills going forward.
Richard D. Fairbank: I think there's a real difference between the kind of exceptional -- the high returns in the Card business and the high returns in the Auto business. In the Auto business, when there's a gold rush like we've had in the past number of years, pretty much anybody out there can go out, partake in that and almost anybody could've made a lot of money doing that business. And you just need the right price for the right dealer at the right time. And you're pretty good to go. What makes the Card business exceptionally profitable on a sustainable basis is the nature of -- in an incredibly sophisticated business, the nature of these relationships that are not just some one-off origination, these are customers that you manage over time, and the industry is down to a handful of players who are deeply experienced in the business. Every one of those players just went through the Great Recession. Several of them lost billions of dollars in the business. Everybody, I think, saw the -- what happens to parts of their business when the stuff that they chased too aggressively. Ken, I'm more hopeful that the -- I think the Auto business -- the other thing is that the Auto business, I think, has gotten to a place where the cost to acquire is really pretty high. And so certainly, what we're doing is focusing mostly on profitability and taking what the market will give us. But I think the real difference versus what I've seen in Auto and especially what I see in the C&I business of people sort of rushing into these spaces because they don't really have a lot of other places to go.
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, I think that we see, at the margin, a bit of increase in opportunities. I'm not sure that's really going to translate into an increase in marketing, because I think it may be that the things we've been investing in we see some pretty good results from and we would continue doing that. When -- so I believe that we already have good success in our business when you look past the things that we're running off. That's the result of many things, including our investment in marketing. I think we see continued success and you should probably expect continued investment in marketing. When people talk about growth, of course, growth is really driven by originations, account management and choices to runoff things. And so we've had a bit of this paradox that we're investing quite a bit in marketing at the same time that we're going sideways with respect to the portfolio. But again, we look at it down at the next level and really look at what is that marketing actually generating us. So I think more, we just see a validation of the success of our marketing but I'm not -- we're not really here to suggest any significant changes in that.
Richard D. Fairbank: No, we don't really break that out between noninterest income and net interest income, David, it's the sum of both. We don't have a quantification.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bill, we have -- ours is more of a stable story in our case. We've been investing in this business for years. Our value proposition is pretty attractive for consumers and one of the key characteristics of what we offer is what you see is more what you get, there's not lots of fine print and complexity in terms of, ultimately, how much the customer gets. We're finding pretty high levels of redemption, which is consistent with customers really getting what they thought they would get. So we've been investing in this for years. We like what we see. And so for us, it's a very stable kind of story from here. I'm not seeing really much change from competitors on this dimension either. I mean, I think, frankly, it's a very competitive space and if people are looking for cost saves, I don't see our competitors really finding them in the reward space.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So the purchase volume grew, I think, 13% year-over-year or around 9% when you exclude the HSBC portfolio. And one thing that -- it always gets a little complicated on our net interchange disclosure, that represents all of our Card business, including International Credit Card and our Bank Debit business and the impacts of some partnership payments. So those payments, which are related to purchase activity. So if we separate out partner payments and focus on the trends in our domestic, general purpose credit card portfolio, our purchase volume growth has been higher, generally, over the last few years, higher than our net interchange revenue growth because we have been growing in the attractive products. We've been marketing, as you've seen them on TV and elsewhere. And the percentage of purchases in our card portfolio, driven by people with rewards cards as opposed to without rewards card, that has been a sustained mix change over time. That will continue over the course of the next year or so. We actually got to the -- these things bounce around a little bit, and we got -- in this particular quarter, when things net out, you actually had the interchange growth kind of on a net adjusted basis beyond the things I talked about, grow pretty much at the same level as purchase volume growth. But I think, over time, you will see some -- still some lagging of the interchange growth rate relative to the purchase volume growth rate only because we continue to migrate more of our portfolio to rewards, and so -- I mean, its the byproduct of actually a movement to bringing better products and experiences to our customers. Where we get rewarded with that over time, no pun intended, is with better customer experience, lower attrition and the more sustainable franchise metrics that are really what this journey is about. So -- but what I'm happy about is for some years, actually, the interchange was lagging the purchase volume growth by a lot and now the race has become much closer.
