Scott Blackley: Right, Ken, first of all let me just comment on the mix shift in the quarter. So our asset mix percent subprime is 32% down 4 percentage points year-over-year. And that’s basically close to our historical portfolio mix of about a third plus or minus. An important part of that reduction is the addition of the Cabela’s portfolio which is kind of a heavily prime oriented portfolio. Also our credit lines have been a little bit lower the last couple of years. So but that is - our strategy remains the same. And so and that’s also as I turn now to your question about where is the growth opportunity, we see the growth opportunity across the spectrum of where we play. So I don’t think there’s any important strategic change here we just I think as you know we always talk about the marketplace and we try to give a calibration of where we see opportunity. And we see the growth picture looking a little bit more positive now that’s partly in the context that Capital One’s growth has been pretty modest over the last year and even the last quarter or two we’ve said as we look out actually we see a more positive picture and I would again say that. So we like what we see in the performance of recent vintages, we see promise in our innovation pipeline and we’ve already said we expect marketing levels to be higher, so I think we see an enhanced growth opportunity over time.
Scott Blackley: Hey Moshe, thanks for the question. With the sale so we sold around $16.8 billion of mortgages in the quarter. We’ve reinvested a significant portion of that, around $9 billion went right into our investment portfolio and so that that was to really preserve liquidity associated with that. We used the rest of that to reduce our overall funding requirements. So we more or less already worked through all of the balance sheet dynamics of that and if you think about what that might mean to net interest margin on the one hand we’ve gotten those home loans out of the book but we added the AFS securities actually we put them in to help maturity so we’ve added those into the portfolio. So we do see a little bit of a pickup overall in terms of the margin but it’s going to be pretty modest given the fact that we reinvested a substantial portion.
Scott Blackley: So I think the way to think about it. At times I kind of have a joke in the past say over the last year that we’re almost ready to retire growth math and then I kind of said actually that that’s kind of all that misses an important nuance about how growth math works. And our earnings power is created in a business with high upfront costs and course the way growth math works is that when there’s a surge of growth losses accelerate early on in the cost of those and then things finally settle out and then all other things being equal. There is a very gradual if not dramatic but a very gradual kind of good guy out there in terms of a gradual decline in charges for as long as that vintage is around all other things being equal. And so this is why we kind of adopted the language here that credit for that growth surge of 2014 through 2016 has turned to be a gradual good guy. So I think the way to think about credit and the credit outlook for Capital One is to think of you’ve got the growth math which is kind of turned to be a good guy and then of course credits going to be impacted by the competitive cycle and other industry effects and by the economy. And with respect to that, the card industry as enjoyed a pretty long period of benign performance and we’ve seen losses kind of gradually pickup as people’s growth rates have gone up et cetera. But I think given where we are in the economic and the competitive cycle, I think it’s very reasonable to expect that card industry losses probably have an upward tilt over time. And so you got the card industry effect and then in and to whatever one’s assumption about the card industry in fact I would just overlay the sort of good guy of growth math with Capital One and that how to think about that’s basically how we think about our current outlook.
Scott Blackley: So we have talked for really for years about building a national banking strategy. Let me just comment on that for a moment and then talk just a little bit about mix. So as you know in a Capital One is really quite an anomalous institution relative to institutions that are anywhere near our size in the sense that we are not really even though they were the size of the biggest regional banks Capital One is national and just about everything that we do and especially our consumer business is where scale really matters the most. Information scale, brand scale operating scale, customers scale I think digital really increases the importance of scale in frankly, in different ways. But so in banking, we’re we have a local bank in about 20% of the nation and a national direct bank in the other 80%. So while I think the history of banking is to the history of the quest of banks to build national banks is through buying other banks. We are more organically building our national bank and basically trying to go do it by not building how banking works today but in a sense trying to go where banking is going within physical distribution in key metropolitan areas and for us a full suite of products at the forefront of digital capabilities and a brand with a digital lean to it. So I think this is a natural for Capital One because we can leverage our national customer base investments in technology and transformation and digital transformation and our national brand. So this is been a strategy that been playing out gradually over time for Capital One. Let me now turn to the mix point, that the we launched our what we call 360, Capital One 360 money market account a couple of years ago and that competitive with the large national direct banks and we have seen solid growth in this product and also and we expect to continue to lean into our national banking strategy and so I think the mix of in a sense the National Bank component relative to the local banking component. I think the mix will you already see it happening inside Capital One. I think the mix change will continue that’s more of a capital one point but then along the way of course we also have just what’s happening in general with the competitive environment with the rates. So a combination of the natural thing that’s going on with the rates and the fact that we or our organically growing a National Bank these are factors that will lead to both the gradual mix change but what it will sum up to is say increasing cost of deposits is a very natural byproduct of the marketplace and our strategy.
Scott Blackley: Yeah. Sanjay, thanks for the question. So when I look at what happened in CCAR really the decrease in the netter [ph] year-over-year in CCAR was really driven by three primary things. The first thing is that and this was an overwhelming driver. We really saw that the impact of tax reform was a significant component of the increase in losses that we had in CCAR and that that caused the decline in our netter. And we think that was primarily driven by the Federal Reserve’s modeling of deferred tax assets and that with the Tax Act there was a lots of an NOLs and it looks like that in the pulling corporate it out into their modeling of deferred tax asset so that was a significant component of the decrease. And then yes we had a more severe scenario and as you know and as we’ve talked about there were some adjustments to model that impacted us card and some prime auto which had an effect as well but the biggest of those things being the effect of the change in deferred tax assets. I would also just mentioned that in our modeling we did not include the noted that include the impact of our mortgage sale that was done after the submission and we were not able to incorporate that because you can only incorporate itself that have concluded in your CCAR model so that kind of gives you a sense of the puts and takes what happened in CCAR.
Scott Blackley: I think that you’ve got to kind of unpack all the things that are running through now. First of all, with respect to rates we’ve been talking about this for a while but we’re effectively neutral to rates and so I wouldn’t expect that if rates follow implied forwards, you shouldn’t see a lot of movement for us against that type of a change. And then I thought I said in my talking points about half the decline looking back on the prior quarter was a seasonal pattern and you historically seen NIM kind of drop down in Q2 and then climb back from there and that is really associated with the timing of some tax, seasonal payments that come in and that’s offset a little bit by some day count. And then in the quarter, the other half of kind of what was going on there were really three factors, one was the contour of a new Porsche in the UK PPR reserve, obviously that’s a quarter only impact we had the additional cash that we carried because of the sale of the mortgage that’s also a quarterly impact that wouldn’t continue and then we talked about the accelerating cost of deposits which we do think will continue to be a headwind. So when you kind they work your way through that there’s really the one factor thing that we think is going to be a continuing headwind in is going to be the cost to deposits but we’ll also see kind of puts and takes mix on the business and what the balance sheet ultimately looks like so that’s kind of the recipe that I would describe in terms of where you should think about him going from here.
Scott Blackley: Yeah, Rick. Thanks for the question. You can imagine that for a company of our size we have a number of large vendor relationships and so during the quarter we concluded the negotiation that resulted in some adjustments to the outer arrangement and we had some release of a accruals. And so that’s a onetime thing that they came and went and as we mentioned that hit our card segment so you know where to put that.
Scott Blackley: Well. I’m going to have to let you continue to gas because I’m obviously not going to comment on specific vendors or areas that – that’s not something that I think makes sense for us.
Scott Blackley: Yeah. So the way that UK PPI works you book some of it has a return of revenue and so it actually comes in as a reduction of revenue or contra revenue which will impact just the quarter and that was roughly sized in the 3 basis point range.
Scott Blackley: That’s correct. And so we did hold some higher cash during the quarter as we work through putting that to work which was again another drag to NIM and it was roughly about the same size as the UK PPI either.
Scott Blackley: Well Betsy we those are certainly options that are available to us and what I would just say is as we’ve done in the past. We’re going to look at all of our options all the levers that we have to deploy capital whether that’s capitalizing growth distributed to shareholders and we definitely recognize that that’s a really important way for us to drive value for our shareholders so we’ll be we’ll be looking at all of our options going forward.
Richard Fairbank: So as you know the card partnerships business Ken is an [auction] [ph] based business. So in that way that we believe and we said for a long time. We’re not out to go just be the very biggest of course we love to get growth opportunities when they emerge but it’s certainly all about fit and discipline frankly in the context of the auction process. So to your question what do we look for we look for a strong partner fit in a world where a lot of companies out there certainly a lot of retailers and overall companies in America are struggling in the context of the rapidly changing environment we look for a strong partner with strong brands and a cultural alignment and a commitment to the card program, as an avenue for growth. We look for a partner that’s motivated for the right reasons. If you look at the spectrum of card partnerships out there and it’s essentially the partners behind those card partnerships. On one end of a continuum are the partners who view the card program as the central element for building a franchise and deepening customer relationships, the other end of the continuum is partners who sort of view the card program as a profit center, and we have consistently kind of tried to focus on the former side of the spectrum because not only is that where we think the better opportunity lies also the value that we have to add to what we can bring to the table in the context of a lot of our digital capabilities and underwriting and marketing would be consistent with those players who really are looking to card partnerships as a means to grow and really build a franchise. And however important card partnerships were in the past I think we should all understand they’re more important in the emerging digital world just because of the centrality of how payments play and in the digital e-commerce environment relative to in the physical environment. The final thing that we look for is an economic deal that’s attractive and especially in light of the good growth opportunities that we see. So that’s what we’ve been saying for years about the partnership opportunity I think the key thing is that we have felt and expressed so many times is it really needs to be a story of selectivity and discipline and that’s a window into how we view those things.
Richard Fairbank: Well there are I think are - so there’s kind of two approaches to a partnership business. One can build a lot of custom technology associated with any particular partner or on the other hand one can build general capabilities that would be very compatible with partners who are really looking to build a franchise. And the way our tech transformation has happened by design which is really about building foundational technology and sort of working up the technology stack to create a lot of digital capabilities and flexibility within our card business that is a very natural thing to bring into the partnership business. So our philosophy is more create a way that we can help our partners ride on our technology path as opposed to go create a new technology path and one partner at a time. And that’s really just about and what I’m struck by I think at the end of the day, many companies, most companies in businesses in and around what we do have a set of capabilities that they need that are on a shared path of the very kind of thing that we’re building. So as we’ve said over the years that one of the benefits of our tech investment should be our ability to be a better partner out there.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. With respect to the small tail of growth math, yes I’m actually glad you asked that question because definitionally what the small tail of growth math meant was as the surge – as the impact of the growth surge settles out and starts to turn the small tail math a slight up a modest uptick in charge-offs related to the surge in growth. That is actually now a good guy so it’s got the other sign it’s modest on the other side but thank you for that clarification opportunity there. With respect to mix, the mix the subprime mix which dropped several hundred basis points in the quarter. That was I really would not view that is any important change that’s going to play out and in the future in the sense I mean the Cabela’s effect is an enduring one so that we should all internalize that. But as I said earlier, we are our strategies pretty much the same across the credit spectrum that we have had we think the growth opportunities will be that we see opportunities across the spectrum and we our bullishness about being able to improve growth there be it off a fairly low level at the moment but the optimism that we have is really one that kind of spans the spectrum of what we do and so I think you should look more for consistency there. So I just to come back here CECL question we’ve submitted a response to the Fed NPR on the CECL. I know there’s been a variety of an industry discussion going around about how CECL might impact capital and how the capital regime might be adjusted will this happen see how the Fed takes all that feedback and what they may do from here.
Richard Fairbank: Eric, we are seeing a change if there is let me try to just kind of in formally just kind of across the last several years. Try to calibrate this thing because the auto business I’ve said many times, the auto business is hypersensitive to competition even more so than the card business because there’s a dealer standing in the middle of every transaction and the dealer when the dealers see a particular lender who is more aggressive or has a loser underwriting or whatever there is a big movement that way and they try to drive others there as well. So this is an important question that you’re asking. Years ago, so in the wake of the great recession with the retreat of a whole bunch of players we had kind of once in a life time competitive situation. And then we said, look it’s only going to get more competitive for there and things gradually became more competitive over the years still there was significant opportunity there. It’s sometime of around 2015 as I recall 14, 15 time period we started flagging, we were concerned about competitive practices it was competitive things partly a supply issue and a practices thing. But we saw supply increasing but we saw some competitive practices and we raised some alarm bells about that and Scott maybe help me with the timing here but I think sometime near that last quarter of 2015, we actually had a pretty significant decrease in origination volume around there related to this competitive intensity and the practices. A couple of quarters after that so I think now we’re into sort of the middle of 2016 we saw that some of that, the competitive practices started I think competitors were pulling back a little bit from that and then we saw another player start pulling back significantly so from let’s call it a good part of 2016 and pretty much all of 2017 there was again this is sort of in the middle of the competitive cycle or even competitive that the economic cycle is moving well along this anomaly that the card business had less than you would expect competition either to be the auto business excuse me, thank you, Jeff. What we are seeing in the context of that is more competition returning a little bit more frequency with respect to practices that were not fans of but I the way I would describe it is this is returning more to the way things were a couple of years before this. We still see good growth opportunities but it is very clear that the usual window that we enjoyed for about a year and a half, we should not expect that to be there and we what is our expectation is things will return to a more normal competitive environment and it will move along in the cycle as things do. But we still see good growth opportunities but we know which direction this thing is moving.
Richard Fairbank: So I think in the so we talked often about the partnership business and the card partnership business and it’s a very natural sibling to having a branded business. We have tended to lean harder into going out to win general purpose programs generally than private label just only because there is just one whole not just synergy more with our own credit card business and we really like the opportunities to build customer relationships where they’re we’re doing everything we can to increase sales with the partner but also leveraging the opportunities to get out of store or out of partner sales which in a number of partners can be a very significant thing as well. So general purpose cards I think have some structural advantages over the private label. But it’s all part of the sibling businesses that exist right next to what we do that’s why we’re in both of them and we evaluate one opportunity at a time.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. I think pulling way up the economy certainly looks strong over the short term and I think consumers are benefiting from job growth, wage increases and tax cuts. And tax cuts have both had some benefit on take home pay for taxpayers but of course through the large corporate and business tax cuts I think will increasingly make their way through hiring and investment by companies. Now, so all of that is just all sort of things that stimulate. I think beyond that we’ve been watching most closely things like debt growth and competitive intensity which impact consumer credit over time and we've seen some pullback in that growth recently although it’s still the growth of revolving debt growing at 5.3%, the growth of non-mortgage debt so that’s been lending [ph], auto lending and installment lending is down a bit that growth is down a bit also but it’s at 4.6%. So what is clear is that the total indebtedness of consumers is growing. So I think just as we look at it over the near term you’ve got a number of planets sort of aligning in a good way that sort of pulling up on the economy beyond that beyond the near term there longer term issues like in addition to the consumer indebtedness growing government deficits, trade issues and sort of the big sort of gradual demographic shifts that are that are going on. So we operate with a view that this benign economy which by the way is heading toward record levels for how long it’s been since the last recession. We should understand and embrace it for what it is but not mistake that for things that are structural because I think a number of the structural elements probably operate in the other direction.
Richard Fairbank: We had quite a bit of growth going on and our consumer spending and I think that probably more result of Capital One specific things that are going on I would there is no near term sort of development on the spending side that we would note but I think we should all be cautious consumers of the consumers behavior lately as we make our business decision.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah that I would doubt that if I could drift over any short period of time would be a very big factor I haven’t specifically looked at that but I wouldn’t I wouldn’t place too much on that. That we don’t operate with a precise the subprime mix target, it is striking for how many years we have been around one third. So whether this number was that 32% or 35%, I don’t think would have much impact on our pursuit of opportunities to us much I mean if it’s the mix get way different than normal. Obviously we always watch it but I think the main thing is what is the nature of the competitive environment the nature of the consumer and probably most importantly the results of all the tests that we’ve done and the vintages and we put it all together to just to calibrate what is the opportunity that we see and in my point is been Capital One is spend posting some pretty modest numbers on the lower end of the league tables for a number of quarters. For a variety of reasons but part of it probably was as we’ve talked about term pulling in around the edges on some of the choices and things like that. I just think if we look at the opportunity we see some increased opportunity off of that lower base and that opportunity is across from is really across the spectrum all the way to the very top of the market.
Richard Fairbank: Chris, we have not we don’t give out that that number. However, certainly relative to a number of auto lenders, our mix is more toward the use side because we do not have a big partnership with a captive, a captive auto finance partnership that for some of the banks out there can lead to very significant volumes of new loans. So we’re really more taking the mix of business that exists in the non-sub vented big part of the marketplace, but relative to the overall US marketplace that is shifted more toward the used car side. So with respect to your particular point, we probably have less exposure than some others might.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, Chris. The rewards let’s talk of this call it the heavy spender business is a very competitive business. And it’s been very competitive for really for a long time. But marketing levels are intense the competition in reward the I think the most notable thing over let’s say the last say five years was the step up in rewards competition products and that kind of thing in the sort of 18 months to two years ago time period. And also not just for the banks but also at the same time Co-brand offerings. I think all of that continues to be intense I would describe it more as stable recently at an intense level. Upfront bonuses continue to be aggressive although they have also seemed to stabilize and are down of the real high they went to over a year ago. So I think this is a business where in order to succeed one has to there’s a lot more than throwing products out there this is really I think a company needs to and there are a small number of players who would fit this description I think committed to what it takes to be in this business and build the sustain levels of brand equities over time to committed to the same levels of marketing that is required there and the investments from digital to high level servicing and everything else. So for many years we have been kind of all in on this business. We believe that it continues to be a good opportunity you’ve seen capital one really for many years posting quite good growth numbers and I think into the teeth of a very competitive but fairly stable marketplace we see continuing positive opportunities to grow this business and to build a franchise which can be very profitable over the longer term and very resilient and be the cornerstone of a brand franchise that we are building.
Richard Fairbank: I think brands a very important part of this thing. I don’t think a company I don’t think a bank can just win this game by just product offerings, it’s too easy for people to match product offerings this there’s so much more and there’s great product offerings now all over the place. So I think it’s really about a comprehensive all in strategy it’s all about franchise and it’s all about brand and customer experience and the key point I would leave with you is we have literally leaned into this business with a tremendous amount of priority and investment and focus for a whole bunch of years and I think through all the kinds of up and down in the competitive marketplace I think you’ve seen some pretty consistency in the growth numbers that we’ve been the organic growth numbers we’ve been able to post in this business and we’re optimistic for our prospects overtime.
