Richard D. Fairbank: Hey, Sanjay. Thanks for the question. We've been talking about the effect of growth math on the allowance for some time. And with growth math moderating, and having a tail in 2018, there are still some effects that are yet to come into the allowance, but beyond that, I would expect that we'll see the allowance being driven by the growth in the portfolio, as well as factors that should be impacting the broader industry.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah, Sanjay, I feel like we're kind of in the credit cycle, sort of middle of the cycle. And I mean, you can – there are things that are locally relevant about the Credit Card business that are different from the auto business, but kind of pulling way up on the consumer. While we're very obsessive about indebtedness and competitive intensity, I think that we're in a relatively stable part of the cycle. The economic indicators continue to look pretty benign. We saw trends actually flagging over the last year-and-a-half, with more alarmed trends in the auto and the Credit Card business related to – well, in the Credit Card, on the supply side; the auto, on the underlying side. But just going back to Credit Card, the surge of credit card supply in the second half of 2015 and especially in 2016, we were concerned by that, and especially, if you extrapolate that. Since then, we've subsequently seen some pullbacks, which may be a response to the recent credit results of the card players. So, it feels like it's settled out a little bit and something that would be consistent more with the middle of the cycle; still moving forward as the cycle progresses there. Then, you look on the supply side, mail volumes, marketing levels, new originations, they're still intense, but they're settling out I guess a little bit here. Then, we look at the revolving debt data from the Fed, and that's down a little bit to 5.8% growth year-over-year. Now, obviously, that's well above the rate of income growth, but at least within the sort of middle of the cycle you feel things a little bit more settling out. We can't help but point out, though, the sustained growth in the other non-mortgaged debts: student lending, auto lending, installment lending, which have recently been growing at about a 6% rate. But if you look at the total level of that debt, it's significantly above the pre-Great Recession peak. And that's especially true of student lending. And then, the other factor on the consumer, of course, is the tremendously low sustained interest rates that they have enjoyed and, therefore, at this point, the debt servicing burdens and other measure of financial obligations are pretty stable, and they're lower than they were pre-Great Recession. So, if I pull way up on all of this, it feels kind of mid cycle. We spoke with a little more alarm over the 18 months and 12 months ago. But I think we'll obviously be very obsessive about this. But within this context, I think there are growth opportunities in our credit businesses.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Hey, Ryan. On the – growth math has been the big story for Capital One for a long period of time. And it was – as a company that generally hasn't guided to credit loss numbers for the following year, we felt it was very important to step up and give guidance for the significant effects that were going to happen that we're going to be independent of the industry worsening or things like that. And the growth math is well on its way. You can see – I think September is a particularly strong month. But things bounce around for month to month. But you can see the growth math effects settling out. And as we said for a long time, we expect a small tail of growth math in 2018. So, the other thing to watch, of course, is the back book, because by definition, in fact, when we speak about this, our front book is 2014 and on, and our back book is 2013 and before. And our back book, and I think this is very much an industry point, it's been a good guy for a long time, stable or improving – really, mostly improving for many years, recently, kind of stable. We have recently seen a little bit of uptick in back book charge-off rates, and I think this is an indication of some industry normalization. If you look at the industry securitization trusts, which I know you do, Ryan, you can see this effect, you can see it in the Capital One securitization trust, you can see it in most of the other competitor trusts, particularly those that have not been added to recently. And I don't think that this is a different effect than all the things we talk about, about credit card industry moving to the middle of the cycle, but I think for all of us, we won't have the benefit of a tailwind from our back book anymore. And I think that – so, as we look forward about our own performance, growth math is going to be playing out, and we will be subject to the industry effects that will play out with others. There's only a little qualifier I'd say on that, when we watch the credit performance of others, some who are in a higher growth period will have their own growth math effects playing out in their numbers, that may be company specific. But for us, I think our numbers will be driven by a growth math that is at the more advanced stages plus the overall industry effects.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I mean I think that those would be independent choices on the merits of whatever the opportunity is. So I do want to say, this has been a long journey to get to the finish line on Cabela's, and we're grateful to be in that position. I think it's a great business. We're really going to enjoy that. But, as you know, our considerations are always very deal specific. But I don't think the having of Cabela's, or the Cabela's journey affects our view about opportunities going forward. I think we'll take those on the merits of the particular case.
Richard D. Fairbank: Right, well, I mean, I don't speak of reduced growth so much in terms of, wow, we have reduced growth. I can't wait to take advantage of the benefits. I think there are things that happen when growth slows. The main thing I want to say is, we have capitalized with exceptional growth during a window, a kind of sweet spot in the competitive environment, and where the consumer was really where the whole industry was. That led to exceptional growth for several years. And as you know, Rick, we don't set growth targets. We want our people to very much take the opportunity that the market gives them. And we've been saying for some time, we think it's a more kind of – maybe I'll describe it as a normal opportunity at the moment instead of the exceptional one that is there. Now, the thing that took us from exceptional growth to sort of normal growth was a combination of a significant increase in the competitive environment. And then also in reaction to that, our own pullbacks around the edges, and it was just trimming around the edges and picking the stuff that I think had the most resilience and the best performance. So, what will all that mean? I think that we feel very good about the value that's being created by the 2017 vintage. We think the growth opportunities continue on a pound per pound basis, the sort of NPV per account or any of these things to be at the high end of our experience. But the slowing of the growth also advances growth math toward its destination, where in 2018, there is a small tail, and then this thing is pretty much – at some point, actually, an important point, the growth math turns into a good guy, down the road, as it moves more and more toward a back book status, and enjoys the – some of the real payoff from all of this growth really comes in, if you call kind of Phase 1, the upfront and rapidly increasing losses, Phase 2, the sort of stable part where everything's settling out, and then Phase 3 is, all other things being equal, generally the steady gradual improvement of these vintages as they season. And I think that will be a good guy for the sustained earnings power from this surge of growth that we've had.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I mean, the expense story I think you've watched it play out, and we are continuing to drive efficiency both from growth and from, frankly, just good old-fashioned old-school squeezing out of and being very cost efficient, as well as what I might call new school efficiency, which is really related to leveraging – in many ways, transforming how we work, how we leverage technology for our customers and for our companies. So, those are certainly good guys over time. Let me also just say one other thing about the industry growth and you may remember along the way I've been calling out from time to time, hey, we're in a period where there's – I remember in 2014, we said I just want to point out there's – we have an unusually high amount of line increases, because there had been some deferral of line increase in the couple of years prior to that. And so there's always kind of two growth stories that play out for any company. And in many ways, one relates to potential energy and one is kinetic energy in the sense of physics. But we do all our marketing, and so much of the energy of the company goes into generating accounts. And then, there are choices about when we grow the lines on those accounts. And that creates a kind of a second wind of growth opportunity. One of the things that has happened in Capital One for us over this last period of time is the actual growth machine of account origination has grown probably more than meets the eye. We continue to be pretty bullish, frankly, about the opportunity to continue to get accounts. And a lot of the, what we'd call trimming around the edges relates to let's just go a little slower, a little lower in terms of the line increases. Let's save some of that potential energy. But, partly, why you hear quite a bullishness in my voice is that the underlying marketing and origination and value creation machine at Capital One is going strong, and probably even higher than the, sort of, year-over-year growth numbers might indicate.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, first of all, it's subject to all of the information-based strategy and massive, kind of, scientific testing that we have done for over two decades in building this company. The distinction that I would make, and I feel on a customer origination, a customer is right for an origination at a certain period of time, and if you don't get them at the right moment, you're probably not going to get that growth opportunity. When that customer is a customer, I think when you make the choices to increase line – I mean it's not like entirely just do it whenever it's right for us kind of thing, but it certainly is one that there's a lot more discretion, I think, and a lot more opportunity to feel the marketplace, really size up where we think the consumer is at the moment, and where adverse selection and various things are, and then make the choices. But a very common thing that we do, when we see things and see risk, kind of, bubbling out there in the marketplace and competitive things going on, we often pull back on that form of energy a lot more than we pull back on the kinetic form. And that's partly when you see going on here. So, Capital One growth engine is continuing on pretty darn strong.
R. Scott Blackley: Ryan, on the allowance side, the allowance window is 12 months. We're sitting here at Q3, so we still got the fourth quarter of growth math in 2018 that we would expect will be impacting the allowance, so not more than just that. And then, in terms of kind of where 2018 is headed, I'll turn that one over to Rich.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah. So, the 7% to 11% excludes adjusting items, but it includes the notable items. So it includes the effects of the hurricanes, and it includes the gains on the security sales.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah. Chris, why don't I, kind of, give you just a general high-level overview of where we're thinking about deposit betas? Directionally speaking, we would expect or overall betas are going to be more or less in the higher end of regional banking peers, really because we've got a deposit mix that includes more savings and money markets than many of our peers. So we'll be a little bit on the higher end there. But if you think about us just in total about – relative to the peers, most of our commercial deposits are operating accounts, and we have a smaller portion of commercial deposits than many of our peers. Our online deposits are typically have a relatively low average balance, so those are a little bit stickier than you might expect. And then, when I look at our branches, the rates in our branches are already competitive with traditional bank branch players. And then, finally, we have a relatively low amount of non-interest-bearing DDA. So, when I look at all those moving pieces, our portfolio level beta has really more or less been in the middle of the pack. When I think about – brokered obviously has a very high beta, and we'll certainly see that impacting our overall cost of funding for the company. But from an overall perspective at this point in the rate cycle, betas for us have moved pretty modestly. We think we've picked up some of the benefits of that in our net interest margin, but I still think there's a ways to go yet, before betas start to be more responsive to additional rate moves.
R. Scott Blackley: In terms of the segment, the brokered deposits are sitting over in our Other category. If you look across all of the segments, you see a pretty small amount of movement in rate paid in Consumer. Commercial has a larger move, which is not surprising. I think those are deposits that are a little bit more sensitive to rate moves. And then with brokered, those have very high betas, and so you've kind of seen those move proportionally with the market.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah, Bill, just remember, on provision, we still are talking about growth math in 2018. It's the tail of that, so we're starting to see the end of that effect. And so, on the one hand, you've got kind of the tail of growth math. We've got a little bit of the normalization of the back book that we're seeing through in the current quarter that's going to influence 2018. And then, on the positive side, a little bit of opportunity in terms of on where we're going with efficiency. But that's – we've made lot of progress on efficiency. So to continue to make progress there is really going to be tough work, but we think we can grind some of that out. So, on balance, we've got pressures going in different directions still, and that kind of gets us to solid EPS in 2018.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah, I think, Moshe, if you looked at, as you obviously have, our rate risk disclosures, you can see that we're pretty close to flat against kind of where forwards are headed. And we are modestly and have been modestly asset sensitive for small changes in rates. We're more liability sensitive for larger changes in rates, but we certainly aren't trying to place a bet on where rates are moving. We're trying to be pretty neutral to where forwards are headed.
Richard B. Shane: Yeah. I mean, I think the – let's talk about our front book and growth math. So, we're in the advanced stages of that journey. And I think relative to a lot of players whose growth has come more recently, we're in the more advanced stages of that. And so, I think we will – as we say, we still need – there is a small tail of growth math for 2018, but that is moving farther along, where it goes from being sort of a bad guy on the overall credit numbers, to, in the longer run, actually becoming a good guy. So that's a little bit more of a long-term effect, but we certainly look forward to that, and that's one of the – it is in that part of the cycle for – it's in that part of the life cycle of the vintage, where a lot of the value gets created. And then, there's the back book which is going to move right along with the industry. I'd be very surprised if pretty much – all the seasoned back book of the competitors, I'd be surprised if they didn't pretty much move very closely together. We're not in the prediction business and I think we'll watch how those move. The only thing we did is just make note that, in recent months, there has been a bit of an uptick that you see across the industry. And again, I don't think it's surprising. I think what's been striking really about back books is they have been such a good guy for so long at some point. I think we're seeing natural industry cycle effects playing out there. So I think our biggest point is that the sort of unique story of Capital One and the growth math that was so intensely playing out because of the magnitude of our growth, I think relative to our seasoned books and relative to what the industry was doing, I think that's – it's mostly played its course.
Richard B. Shane: Credit card point, yeah. Well, see, in fact, it's interesting that you mentioned auto. You've known Capital One for a long period of time, and we read the marketplace, and then really seize opportunities when we see them. But a lot of times, we're near the top of the league tables or near the – sometimes we're near the bottom of the league tables of growth depending on the situation. So, we're dialing back during the period of time over the last 18 months, when there was a surge in industry supply, there was a surge in growth of subprime supply in the industry where you started to see credit metrics coming in a little bit higher than expected. And that has mostly characterized the journey over the last 18 months. I did mention that, in response to some of these effects, it appears that the industry has dialed back a little bit. Several players have actually talked about dialing back. And, Moshe, that could open up more opportunities. We're not planning on it. We need to see validation before we do that. But I feel better about the industry and what it has to give us now than I did say a year ago when we were saying, boy, you look at second quarter 2016 for the whole industry, vintage curves were gapping out a little bit, and there were a lot of things bubbling that I think frankly have settled out a little bit between then and now. So, we've got our underlying origination machine going. If we see more opportunity, we'll certainly take advantage of it, but we're not here to predict that. If you look at the auto business, Moshe, you have seen how much we have moved from capitalizing on a growth opportunity after the Great Recession – in the early stages in the wake of the Great Recession, growing at really pretty high rates for years. We started speaking alarm about underwriting practices, we pulled back quite a bit. Then the competitive situation softened and we really stepped into it, and leaned into it again, so we will always be very vocal about these opportunities. I think that paradoxically, while the actual growth numbers for Capital One are down, our bullishness about sort of the quality of the opportunity, and the bullishness that the card business is not sort of running away – the industry isn't running away with things is actually up a little bit.
Richard B. Shane: Well, Betsy, we would take that one case – one opportunity at a time. As a general observation from years of doing this, when we have looked at subprime skewed portfolios, in the card business, we have tended not to be comfortable with the risk, and especially, the amount of credit line that has been extended to so many customers. Cabela's interestingly, obviously is an acquisition at the top of the market. It did move the metrics of our mix, but we just really liked that particular opportunity and we went for it on its own metrics. But I think over time, it is more likely that you'll see Capital One in pursuit of higher end opportunities than lower end opportunities just because of the two decades of experience we have in the sort of upper end of subprime. And we're very familiar with the many dangers that can come when folks haven't underwritten it conservatively enough.
Richard B. Shane: Well, I'm a big believer that investment in technology ends up being a good guy. Well, it doesn't happen automatically. But investment in technology the way that we're doing it by not just putting a piece of technology in or not just building an app, or some customer-facing thing, but really focusing on transforming from the bottom of the technology stack up. Our foundational technology, and also leveraging that to transform how we work, I think that's going to be a significant good guy way down the road. On the way to that journey is a lot of technology investments. So, as you may recall, Betsy, over the last number of years, we've been saying, look, we're investing a lot in technology, and there are two meters that are running. One is the increase in investment in technology itself, which has been significant over that period of time. And another meter is, the cumulative run rate benefits that we also are now starting to generate from that technology investment, combined with really proactively transforming how we work. The nice thing is, I think that second meter of the cumulative benefits, that's a meter that will keep growing. I just want to say along the way, we continue to invest in technology a lot. I don't think a day will come when we say we have arrived. We're not going to keep investing in technology. But what happens is, the second meter, the benefits of this are going to just keep increasing over time. And so, I think it is a contributor to long-term better efficiency for the company. There's no moment of – there's not, like, in our near future, a step change in economics. But one thing that I think we're very focused on at Capital One is, and a very critical way that investors will get paid is through improving efficiency. And to do that, both through the old school techniques of just really trying to manage tightly, but then really getting so much of the opportunity from the transformational opportunities that technology gives, that's what this journey is about. It's a long-term journey, but I think you can already start to see the benefits. And I think you will gradually see more and more of them over time.
