Gary L. Perlin: Okay, Sanjay. It's Gary. Why don't I just clarify some of the numbers for you, and then I'll hand it over to Rich to perhaps take up the marketing question and anything else you may want to follow-up on. So specifically, with respect to fourth quarter run rate, you are correct, we would simply back out the onetimers. And with a total operating expense in the quarter of about $2.2 billion, I described about $150 million of unique items in the expense line, not exactly that number but good enough, about $92 million in litigation expense, about $40 million in some asset write-downs and other costs. And in fact, some of the U.K. PPI even hit the expense line item as well. So I think if you were in the, say, $2 billion, $2.50 billion kind of ballpark, I think that would be an appropriate understanding of what we consider to be a run rate. As long as I'm on the topic of the onetimers, let me just speak quickly to the U.K. PPI and what happened in our finance charge and fee reserves. So with respect to the U.K. PPI, you may remember this from the second quarter of last year where some new retrospective regulatory requirements had come in that enables consumers to see compensation for PPI that was sold in certain years. With respect to certain products, that included both ILs that were originated by Capital One in the U.K. as well as the company that we acquired, as well as some credit card products as well. We built a reserve back when those requirements came in based on our estimate of what our claims experience and redress costs would be. Now that it's been a couple of quarters, we have had increased volumes of complaints driven by, I guess, what we would consider to be both media and regulator comments in the area. And so we had to increase our reserve based on the fact that we now believe it's probable that we'll have a higher rate of claims. So I can't say exactly what's going to happen. It's obviously, like all of our estimates, our best view of what's probable and estimable, but it is certainly consistent with the experience that we have seen to date. Most of that shows up as a contra-revenue, either in net interest income or non-interest income depending on the nature of the refunds. There's also a small amount that hits operating expense. But what we've done now is to kind of bring it up to the level that we think is appropriate. Finally, on the finance charge and fee reserve, levels or the level of suppression, Sanjay, I would say the change in the quarter was effectively nil. It was a $3 million or $4 million increase to the reserve. As I indicated last time, when we made the onetime change, about $80-some-odd million in Q3, that was to get us to what we thought was a more appropriate estimate of uncollectible fees and finance charges, a couple million either way in any given quarter. I wouldn't read any trend in that. So I think what we said was you'll basically see suppression be reflecting the actual reversals and recoveries without much change in the reserve. And that's just what happened.
Gary L. Perlin: It's Gary. I appreciate the question, the opportunity to go a little deeper. So as I said to Sanjay, first thing we need to do is take out the onetimers. I mean over the course of 2011, we had a bunch of unique items in expense, and it was unusually high in the quarter. So that's why I kind of took those off the top. The increase in expenses that has occurred, and again, if you kind of take away a lot of these other expenses, the unique ones, what you'll see is we've had a pretty steady growth in our salaries and benefits. You'll see in the results this quarter that we had about a $60-some-odd million increase there. And as Rich and I have said, those investments are of 2 kinds, one certainly is supporting the rollout of new products and the growth in our businesses which, of course, also carries some marketing expense. On the infrastructure side, Brian, let me kind of clarify the kinds of things we're talking about there. So for example, we were long on our way to becoming a mandatory Basel II bank. With ING Direct, we will trigger that, and so we need to move quickly to make sure that Capital One is ready for that, just in terms of the size and greater diversification of our balance sheet, which brings both some risk management responsibilities, but also some opportunities, quite frankly, to generate more returns by good balance sheet management. So we're bulking up on that and, of course, we are already positioning ourselves for the acquisitions as a result of that. The third area, probably much bigger than the other 2 in terms of dollars. If you think about the IT and sales and servicing infrastructure that we need to have as a company, not for individual products, but with the 2 acquisitions we're talking about, and yes, the point in the press release was referring to these 2 large transactions, we're going to be adding tens of millions of new customers, increasing our overall customer account base by more than 1/3. The infrastructure required for something that big and that complex is something we would -- have been building over time. We've accelerated some of these efforts simply to make sure that we're ready, not only to be able to integrate well but also to make sure we generate the opportunities that both of these acquisitions bring with them. I would not at this moment suggest that the integration expenses or synergies that we expected out of the 2 deals will have changed dramatically, because so many of those are unique to the franchises that we're buying. So I wouldn't consider this to be a pull forward as some of those expenses. But I'd say, it's an acceleration of where we as a top 5 bank, as Rich described, simply need to be, and we would have been there anyway, we've just moved a little faster. And so we certainly are raring to go and looking forward to integrating these acquisitions, and we're just going to have a more robust infrastructure, which is something that we and all big banks are going to need going forward.
Gary L. Perlin: That's the message, John. Effectively, we are talking about the condition of Capital One as we enter a period of time of obviously intense integration activity. And so needless to say, we're going to be looking to introduce some sure-footed integrations. There will be some integration expenses. I'm sure those estimates will change as we get into the process. We'll bring you up to speed on those. It seems premature for us to assume any changes there. And then we believe there are going to be some synergy opportunities to take run rate expense out of the combined companies going forward and especially given our knowledge and experience in both of these businesses. So I think you got the message exactly right.
Gary L. Perlin: Again, before you go there, Rich, just that I think John, to clarify, Rich was talking about the growth trajectory, not the sort of balances. So think about it as the legacy Mortgage portfolio runoff partially offsetting the growth in Auto. That's the trend we've seen in '11. That trend probably will continue, then we'll add ING mortgages with the acquisition. And that will be a much bigger portfolio, but then the trajectory will be sort of modestly downward because that will sort of double down on the runoff piece so that the Auto growth probably won't fully offset that.
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, David. Very quickly, I really don't have much of a change to our outlook for the capital that we would add for the purposes of capitalizing the HSBC portfolio. We have the same target that we've had since we announced the deal, which is to be in that mid-9% range in Tier 1 common in the quarter that we closed. I have no reason at this point to suggest any change in the previously announced estimate of $1.25 billion of capital. But there's lots of moving pieces. One of them that we'll be able to fix over the coming period of time here is any effect from closing ING, the purchase accounting related to ING, the capital transactions, the balance sheet management actions that we've taken, and so we'll just have to keep you posted on what that final outcome will be. But I'll just go back to where we started on the deals, which is there's a wide range of capital required for these deals, under which we would find both of them to be and together to be very attractive. So we'll be able to get to that. And as I hand it over to Rich, just thinking about this question of returns, I think if you survey all the banks as to what kind of equity requirements are going to be out there, I think it's going to be a pretty big part of the equation in terms of what that return on equity will be. But we'll obviously be learning about that over the course of the next couple of years. The key here is the returns will be good, and that's what Rich was talking about.
Gary L. Perlin: Moshe, it's Gary. I mean, again, if you take a look at what's been underlying some of the expense growth, you'll see that we have had considerable growth in our level of employment. Some of that is just some acquisitions like the Hudson's Bay Company. Some of them are in-sourcing and on-shoring, some other roles as well. But we had a significant increase in the third quarter in our hiring of net jobs. And obviously, that kind of goes into Q4 as well. I think the issue just to be clear, not to try and focus on the semantics, but to make sure that the understanding is absolutely clear, again, I think if you would look at any bank that is growing in the way that we are, Rich described it kind of going from top 10 to top 5, the bar is being raised in terms of expectations on the controls and management and regulatory interactions that take place. We think these are things that would have happened even with organic growth. They may be happening a little faster than that because of the growth and the size of our balance sheet along with the acquisitions. We were not in a position in looking at those deals to include in those deal numbers things that are really all about infrastructure of a company. So again, what I'd say is we're accelerating a little bit of the expense. But rather than thinking about it as specifically deal related, I would think about it as what does it take to be well positioned, well controlled, prepared for opportunities when you're going to have tens of millions of additional customers and what kind of support you need for that. That is something that we would have been building over time. We're building it a little faster. So that's why it's hard to link some of our preparatory work here, which is really just about being a bigger and better bank, and attribute that to individual deals other than the timing. And I think that the timing of this has been accelerated from what it might have been, which is why, you've seen it in a couple of quarters in a row but -- which you've heard Rich and me saying is that we've made really good progress. Certainly, will we look for better synergies as we go forward? Absolutely. But I think if you take a look at what's going to be required of any top 5 bank, we intend to be there. We're just getting there a little faster, and that's where it's coming from.
Richard D. Fairbank: And Sanjay, this is Rich, just to comment to your question about marketing. We always manage marketing really to the size of the opportunities that we see available, and that would be no different going forward. The reason for my comment here was to draw a distinction between what I've said over the past year or 2, where I've said as we go from the significantly retracted state that we were through the Great Recession and start to now invest in testing and over time, rolling out programs, there you will see a continual build of marketing. And that build will often will inherently be in advance of some of the benefits that come from that. My point is really that we've kind of -- we're now kind of rolling out those programs. I think the level of marketing represents kind of an equilibrium. Now if we see more opportunity out there going forward or if we see less, we will adjust accordingly. But it's just the real sense in the sense that -- I mean the pump is in many ways kind of primed after quite a lot of quarters at work on this. And I sense, you can feel the -- we're pretty optimistic about the traction we're getting in our programs across the company certainly. But my point here on marketing is especially credit card related, but I think we're kind of in our stride at this point, and I think that will continue.
Richard D. Fairbank: Betsy, I think kind of the point of our comment that the run rate that you see in the fourth quarter is reflective of the run rate that we see out in '12 and '13 on legacy Capital One, it sort of definitionally implies that we're not building off that run rate from here. So of course, soon there's going to be noise on those numbers as we bring forward, bring the acquisitions into the company. But that is exactly our point that this build has been very sizable, frankly, in the quarter before this and this quarter. And we're at a level that that's going to be our run rate for an extended period of time.
Richard D. Fairbank: And with respect to the future yield dynamics there, John, needless to say, there will be a significant purchase accounting impact on those mortgage loans. We'll be getting it into greater details as we close and know the fair value and so forth, but there will be the impact of some accretable yields in those ING mortgage loans that will get accounted for under SOP 03-3, so there will be some yield impact going forward. The other thing to remember about the ING Mortgage portfolio, like a large percentage of our existing Mortgage portfolio, that was also acquired from our previous transactions. We will take a credit mark, so there should be relatively a little charge-offs there. So the dynamics of the segment and of the product will change to the extent these numbers are big and material. We will spell them out for you as we go.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. On the market share, again first of all, I think as we look across our big businesses, I think we're gaining share in Commercial. We're significantly gaining share in Auto. And by our tally, we're gaining share in the Card business as well. And I think we're gaining share in the Card business across several categories, including purchase volume originations and loan growth. Now some of these, the metrics are a little bit soft, so it's a little bit of imagination required in interpreting some of the numbers that we collect. But I mean you can see the very strong numbers that are coming on the purchase side -- purchase volume side. And Chris, you are correct, this is pretty directly coming from the big push that we have been making for some time in the heavy spender, really top of the market in credit cards. It's a very competitive space obviously, but we believe that our products and our marketing approach can and in fact -- can be and in fact is being very successful in that space. And you've seen that we've now got 3 launches out there with -- in addition to the Venture card. We also now have our Cash card. And we just recently launched a Small Business card as well. So all of these -- I mean some of these are kind of early days still, but there's good response there and the needle is really moving on purchase volume and of all the purchases going on in our portfolio because there's kind of a migration toward transactor gradually and a little away from the heavy revolving, that is a greater share of that purchase volume is coming on the rewards. The best way to think, though, about Capital One and our marketing is, a little bit to phrase, the more things change, the more they stay the same. We -- because we had a pretty resilient experience through the recession, we are pretty much doing what we did before. Now it's obviously informed and enhanced by everything that we've learned in the recession. And the competitive dynamics in each of the segments have also been kind of changing as well, and of course, you have the overlay of the CARD Act. But with respect to Capital One, I think that the real word is really continuity. And pretty much all the segments, where we were playing before and gaining share before, we are doing pretty much the same thing now with very similar approaches. Some of the places where we have been cautious and especially in the big, big line heavy revolving prime revolver space, we continue to probably lose share at the margin in that space because we worry about resilience in some of those segments. But overall, I think what is clear to us is that, and I've been saying this quarter-after-quarter, you kind of probably could detect the, I would say, each quarter look, not too much to write home yet about but I can just feel the traction growing in the Card business, and we certainly see that this quarter as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: So with -- yes, you make a good point on recoveries by the way. Just first of all, the recovery numbers. Recovery dollars have been coming down at Capital One. And it's a cyclical thing. It's just a mass of a shrinking inventory of fresh charge-offs against which to recover. And we still -- our recovery rates still are coming in strong, but it's on a smaller base. And so in a way, it's a flip side of the good news that's going on out there. There's a lot of noise in every credit product, an incredible amount of noise about the collections area. And certainly, the scrutiny of credit card is certainly in that category. And we have put a huge amount of work over the years to make sure that we have very rigorous and buttoned down, disciplined collections processes. And I feel -- I think we feel good about where we are. We have seen some changes out there. I know that it appears that one of our competitors changed their practices in how they do collect, how they prosecute collections and so on. I'm not sure what was behind that one. We are continuing to use the same collections practices that we have and just work to be very sure that we are very, very buttoned down in every aspect of what we do.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, Joel, I mean I'm pretty optimistic about what we -- what I think we can produce when all the dust settles from all the dust storms that we live through. But the way I look at Capital One is that we have worked very hard to put ourselves in the position to have very competitive scale positions in the key businesses that we're in, and when I -- and to massively build, as we've done for 23 years, a very rigorous net present value discipline that frankly looks for well above hurdle rate returns. When I pull up on this and look at our Card business, while it's an industry that certainly had a lot of pressure on it, I think we feel very good about the ability to continue to generate significantly above -- well, well above hurdle rate returns in that business even though I've often said, "Look, I think net-net from all the effects that are going on, they are a little down, probably off of our historical levels, but still well above hurdle rate." In the Auto business, we have generated a very profitable, successful operation there. And in Commercial business, you've kind of seen some of the numbers that we have here -- there. So when I pull it all together and then, Joel, look at the acquisitions that -- and the value-creation opportunity here, I believe that our positioning in the marketplace should be the company that can generate at the high end of industry return levels. And even as profit pressures are pulling down returns in banking overall, I like our chances to be at the high end of the return on tangible equity metrics when the dust settles for this company.
Richard D. Fairbank: David, we are very focused on delivering what, the term I use is, destination economics. And we have worked very hard to get our company to competitively a very good state, and I think strategically are in a place where I've said we don't need to go to a different place to be able to compete and generate the returns that we need. So we're working, we're very focused on generating destination economics. We have had to build. There's been pump priming over the last year to 1.5 years, and we're more -- we now are kind of hitting our stride in terms of the growth opportunities. There's still a coiled spring in terms of the balance build on some of the accounts we're building, but we're pretty much hitting our stride there. Our point about expenses here is even as you look at the sizable run rate kind of expense after onetimers expense build in the last couple of quarters, our point is really to say that don't take that line and go extrapolate that thing upward. That is really a -- there's a story behind that expense build, but think much more that's sustainable from where we are. So the other thing that's a little delayed gratification, of course, is the 2 big acquisitions that we've done and that's going to create a lot of noise but we are very focused on as soon as we can to work to drive great financial return out of these acquisitions, because that value creation is there, and we are committed to delivering on it.  Now along the way, we'll keep our eye out for unique acquisitions that could come along. But frankly on the acquisition front, we're not really trying to go anywhere. And frankly, our focus is really on the deals that we have, not on the deals that could be. So we are very focused on destination economics. And we are -- and we believe strategically, we're in a great place in order to deliver that.
Richard D. Fairbank: The Auto delinquency -- first of all, I want to say, Auto delinquency itself is a poor -- we have learned to -- that it's not a very good predictor, frankly, of losses in general, but -- unlike the credit card business. But that said, all the credit performance that you see in our Auto business is entirely seasonal. We are at an extraordinarily kind of low point in the kind of long, long view of Auto in terms of just how good this industry's credit performance is. And I think it's a reasonable thing to do to expect industry losses to -- probably to migrate up a bit from here. That's partially offset by some of the growth opportunities that we have at Capital One, and we're doing quite a bit of growth in the prime space with -- and that's helping pull down the losses. But overall, we are seeing very good results from our recent vintages, really from the whole portfolio now that's had such an extraordinarily strong -- looking from a credit point of view. We're at the point now that given the average life in autos like 2.5 years, you're looking at the last couple of years of auto originations and their extremely strong credit performance. And the credit results are really at this point just seasonal effects that you're observing.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, I -- there is no doubt that competition is intensifying. What happened in the Auto business is a lot of players headed for the hills. And the Auto business was sort of the first into the Great Recession to be worsening and it was the first one to sort of come out the other side. And I think though the competitive dynamics have been positive over this period of time, and I support your point that competition is increasing and it's a very natural thing, and we completely plan for that. The Capital One growth is -- there's a growth strategy that's happening at Capital One that's maybe not -- that was maybe quite differentiated from some of the competitors in that we are doing a significant still geographical expansion in the company. The exact thing we do in some geographies, we've been expanding across the nation. The most sure I've found in all my years of experience, the most sure-footed sort of business growth opportunity is to take something you've proven in certain geographies, test it in the next geographies, and then roll them out from there. So the growth play at Capital One is a blend of geographical expansion and more prime to supplement a lot of the subprime that we already have in that space. So it's something we've been actually doing for years. You see it picking up momentum because we've done a lot of testing and we are in rollout mode now. So the confidence that I have about growth in the Auto business is more, Bob, driven by continuing that sort of Capital One growth strategy. I think on top of that, I think that even normalized for that I think there's some continuing success we're seeing in penetrating our dealers. And so I think it's a good story at Capital One. But I think all of you would be well served to take a more cautious outlook about where pricing and competition will take this Auto business over the next 12 months.
