Gary L. Perlin: I wanted to just make one other mention here, Rich. This is Gary, Sanjay. The other thing to keep in mind and you saw it over the course of the last year, as our partnership book started to build, prior to HSBC, with Kohl's and other partnerships, there is an exaggerated amount of seasonality in balances in a lot of these retail partnerships. They tend to ramp up more at the end of the year. And in the first and second quarter, you see them run-off a little bit faster. So keep that in mind going forward as our partnership book starts to grow.
Gary L. Perlin: Mike, it's Gary. What we are seeing has virtually no GSE impact on it. Let me just remind you that we announced last quarter that we had reached a global settlement, both on the pipeline on future Rep and Warranty claims, from one GSE where the bulk of our exposure in that space came from. So this is largely coming from the insured securitizations and other private securitizations areas.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, Mike, it's Gary again. I mean, I think, with respect to future performance trends, what Rich and I have said is that after the considerable noise that we had this quarter, which I'm glad to see that people have been able to kind of look through based on the disclosures we've made, that as the year goes on, hopefully we won't need to give you guidance. You'll see within our performance, the underlying strength of the business and the future is more likely to depend on things outside of our control, whether it's credit or loan demand or whatever the case might be and the future will depend a lot on that and you'll be able to make your own judgments. But I think in terms of our own base revenue generation capacity, our continued focus on expense management and so forth, I think you'll see that run rate emerge as the year goes on. With respect to capital, it's probably a longer-term story because as you well know, we will become a Basel II bank at the end of this year. Most of the other Basel II banks have already been in that program for the better part of the decade. So it's understandable that they have a more refined view of how that affects them. Certainly, as Rich indicated directionally, we know that we will have an increase in risk-weighted assets. But we also have a very strong capital generation outlook on any measure. So it's one of the reasons that Rich and I have both said that we believe that even as we get on a trajectory that allows us to meet any requirements going forward, we believe that we'll be in a strong position to be able to include capital management as an important part of our shareholder value proposition. Exactly what those numbers will be will emerge over time, but I think that trajectory will be quite clear.
Gary L. Perlin: David, I'll give you an answer to start out with, as I did last quarter when we try to break out of this information for the impact of ING Direct, which is this is less designed to give you a perfect view of the future and more designed to give you clear comparables between our second quarter with the partial quarter effect of HSBC and all the purchase accounting versus the previous quarter. That said, let's remember, so you have to adjust for the timing here, with respect to the revenue, it's slightly -- it's about where it should be because we've stripped out the purchase accounting effects there. The expenses are not a bad indicator of where they might go. The important difference that you need to keep in mind is that there is virtually no charge-off expense, no provision expense in that. And then, of course, going forward, the one thing that you will continue to see is the presence of PCCR amortization in that number. And of course, there will be some integration expenses that will continue in that number as well. So I personally would not use those numbers as an exact run rate. Certainly for the next couple of years, where PCCR amortization and integration expenses will continue. But other than that, and making sure that you put in a more normal level of charge-offs and a normal level of finance charge and fee reserves, it puts you into a reasonable ballpark. But this is not intended to be an absolute directional set of data about where we're going. But it does kind of start to give you the ability to see the outlines through the fog.
Gary L. Perlin: It's still kind of early in the process, Rick, we're still working on the integrations. And obviously, some of the synergies are going to come from scale and other things, but we're already seeing a substantial amount of it because of the costs that did not come over. And I think, in general terms, the value that we saw in that transaction at the beginning is pretty much what we would have expected. And again, just make sure that you realize that for a period of time, we're still going to have PCCR and integration expense coming out of that. So if you net out that, I think you'll start to get close to the kind of the cost synergies that we described in the announcement.
Richard D. Fairbank: No. I mean, there's a pretty strong seasonality effects with respect to spending. But no, I don't think we see anything overall of note. I think we continue to see really strong traction with respect to our new transactor focus products and we -- the spending numbers that you see are a blend of retailer numbers and the private label and the general purpose credit card spending on our portfolio as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Don. I think your observation is one that we also see. It seems that most of the card competitors are moving out of the middle end and upper end of subprime of the marketplace. And why would they do that? I think, for a number of them, the CARD Act, they found kind of altered their revenue model in a way that made that business for them less profitable. And again, I can't speak for them. But when we reverse engineer some of the things that -- the way their model worked and how it was changed by the CARD Act, that I think is one thing that started the migration. Secondly, there's, I think, been a lot of pressure on banks to try to migrate to places with lower capital pressure. And I think that Basel II, it's very clear that Basel II creates a greater tax on businesses like that. Because Basel II, unlike many risk management frameworks, including things like stress test, Basel II taxes, if you will, based on loss rate, not on the relationship between loss rate and loss under stress and revenue coverage. And so that really kind of undermines some of the -- really, from a risk management basis, sort of a little bit of a misalignment of capital allocation versus how that business really works. And so I think a lot of folks, while they have headed for other places in the business, what we've been saying all along is through the CARD Act, through the great recession and in our forward planning, we still are mostly where we were before. With respect to the CARD Act, which we were, I think, very embracing of the underlying level playing field associated with the CARD Act, we've -- you can see from our numbers, our business model is pretty intact. On the other side of the CARD Act, Basel II will be higher tax that we have to pay and, of course, we are looking closely at that. But I think that the performance of this business over the years of our experience through the great recession and even now with the other pressures on it, I think, for us, we continue to believe that what we used to do is the same business model I think is really going to work going forward. The other thing I think some of our competitors found is some pretty big losses in parts of this business where, I think, financially and in terms of our credit performance, it weathered it better. So as we've said many times, the more things change for Capital One, the more they stay the same. Where we play and how we do it is pretty much the same as it was going into the great recession.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So let me talk about the loss rate first, that's the simplest one. HSBC, when it comes in, because of the marking of the delinquent customers basically, as you know, Moshe, dramatically lowers the loss rate until that -- for basically a couple of quarters. And then it bounces up to its running rate. We said at the time, Moshe, that would be in the neighborhood of 75 basis net increase in the otherwise legacy Capital One running rate. I think, if anything, that's a conservative number. Conservative, meaning that it's probably going to come out on the inside of that. So as we bring HSBC on its books, we've been impressed with its loss numbers that are coming in on the -- little bit on the inside of our own estimates for them. And I think we feel it's very solid books. So something probably more -- in the 40 to 60 basis points is probably more of a revised kind of view on that. But again, that's still an increase to Capital One's otherwise card charge-off rate. With respect to revenue margin, the 15.8% second quarter card revenue margin I was talking about, excluded -- excuse me. Go ahead, Jeff.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. And with respect to the impact of HSBC on our card revenue margin over time, we had highlighted that at the time of the deal decision, a key part of our due diligence was to review all of HSBC's practices and to estimate what would be the cost of bringing those practices in line with some of our practices that we had -- for choices that we have made on some of our consumer practices. And we have said, for example, talking about it last quarter, that on a phased basis, over the first and second quarter of 2013, we would be bringing those practices in line and that would be a net impact on our combined card portfolio of 30 to 35 basis points of running rate. So that, Moshe, we're in the same place we were last quarter when we made that announcement. And to be clear on these things, we're not really in the revenue margin guidance business. What we tend to do is quantify some of the revenue margin effects that we see are coming in the business, for example, the 10 basis running rate impact that we talked about a few questions ago, as well as the 30 to 35 basis point impact from the HSBC reconciliation of practices.
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, that may be a simple question, I can't say it's necessarily a simple answer because as you suggest, the world is quite different today than it was when we announced these transactions in the middle of 2011. Our base trajectory is obviously going to be affected by that. I think the key drivers, however, of value in the deals are still there. The synergies we're seeing play out already. In terms of the ING Direct transaction, you can see the continued improvement in our deposit cost, which I think is definitely a benefit and particularly, at the time of lower rates, the fact that we have more variable costs in our deposit franchise is helping us quite a bit. And with respect to HSBC, both the nature of the business, the quality of the book, the quality of the people on both deals when it comes to the quality of the people, that's very much intact. And most of the synergies from HSBC are really being reflected already because many of the costs that applied to the HSBC Card business, when they were part of HSBC, did not come over. And so I think it is still our belief that these are very compelling transactions in terms of financial and strategic value. Exactly how I calculate any particular metrics today versus where we were last year, I think, is an exercise that would be a challenge for any bank to hold firm on any particular number. But the quality and value is absolutely there.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I think on asset growth, Craig, let's remember that with HSBC, I think the difference was that the actual quantity of loans acquired on the day of close was a little bit lower than we had anticipated. Some of that is seasonality, some of it were a couple of partnerships that Rich described. But we indicated from day 1, we thought that there'd be a little bit of run-off in that book. In terms of ING Direct, we said that the mortgages were likely to begin to run off and be replaced by other assets being generated by other parts of Capital One's business. But we felt that there'd be a good strength in the deposit franchise. And in fact, although our overall deposits -- our deposit volume was reduced in the second quarter, there was actually an increase in balances among ING direct depositors. So I think that, relatively speaking, the performance of both of the acquisitions on the growth front is not materially different than what we would've anticipated. If you could have told me a year ago exactly what the economic situation would've been today, I might have had a different view about overall growth in the industry. But I think our position there continues to be strong.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. I mean, I think, Phil, the 11% purchase volume growth is -- or Bill, the 11% purchase volume growth is driven by the -- first and foremost, driven by the marketing campaigns and the investments that we're making in going right after the heavy spender part of the marketplace. We also -- that also includes partnership data and we have -- and are continuing to build partnerships with retailers that are doing well and are getting some strength with respect to purchase volume as well. And even finally, there's another effect that, over the last couple of years, what I've been saying, we're getting -- while we're not building balance transfer-focused originations, we are really building sort of more old-fashioned accounts where you get a credit line and then use it over time. Some of the purchase volume growth also is the building of balances on some of these coiled spring originations that we have built as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, well, we all -- bankers always vow that when they go through the recession, they vow that never again and all the other banks that we've all heard and somehow, history tends to repeat itself sometimes. So what I want to say is that first of all, just to comment about the Auto market, it does have very strong growth right now related to, I think, pent-up demand from the great recession. It's a very healthy kind of industry dynamic right now. Some people were scared away from the business. Supply and demand is in pretty good shape right now. There are a lot of good things going on and used car prices are at record highs. Now all that said, that's nice. But also, when things like used car prices, which is the price of collateral and lending is at record highs, that should get people's attention. So let me tell you what we have done. First of all, we have done a retro look way back through the great recession and how the industry gradually loosen standards and sort of what would have happened had we never gone down that path and -- well, it's a hypothetical because you're not -- you can't be sure that you'll get the volume of business in relationship businesses. If one doesn't adapt, frankly, it's really striking how well the business would've done in that early stage where we lost money had we more firmly held our ground and that is a lesson that is deeply written into some of our underwriting practices. But let me also say that we underwrite to significant recessions, that's what we do at any point in the cycle. So we are assuming that there is a huge reduction in used car prices starting the day after we originate any loan. I think that has been an important part of this thing. A lot of our lending practices are also driven by where are we in the cycle. And one of the most important things to be is on the lookout for where the inflection point comes, which is the precursor to a boom, which is the absolutely worst part of the lending cycle. We are not there -- and we look by industry -- by business for that. We are certainly not at that point yet in the Auto cycle. And I think there's very good business to be had. But the main thing is we are taking very conservative choices on underwriting. And we are assuming significant recessions in hardwiring that into the underwriting decisions. And the most important things that we will have to watch, which is the 2 competitive effects is: One, the loosening of standards; and secondly, the reduction of pricing. And where that equilibrium is right now in the Auto business is pretty good. But we all know from history, those things can change and we're all over it and I appreciate very much the spirit of your question.
