Steve Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with slide 3 tonight. Capital One earned $1.15 billion or $1.96 per share in the first quarter. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.12 billion or $1.91 per share and had a return on average tangible common equity of 16.8%. As you know, our capital plan was approved in the quarter and our Board has authorized $2.5 billion in share repurchases over the next four quarters. Included in continuing operations results this quarter were a lower provision for loan losses driven by lower charge-offs and a $208 million allowance release and $27 million in discrete tax items, primarily related to changes in New York State tax law. Our historical financial statements have been revised, as we adopted a new accounting standard for investments in low income housing tax credits in the quarter, resulting in the cost of investing in qualified affordable housing projects no longer being recognized above the line in operating expense or rather below the line as a component of tax expense. In addition, the new accounting standard results in higher costs in the earlier years of the investment [flows] due to faster amortization, resulting in a modest reduction in historical earnings and a one-time $112 million reduction to retained earnings. We have provided an appendix slide that outlines the impact of the consolidated company and the segment results due to the adoption of the accounting rule. Excluding the impact above, operating expenses decline quarter over quarter, largely due to the absence of non-recurring restructuring expenses in the fourth quarter. Additionally, linked-quarter revenues were lower, driven largely by day count and lower seasonal volumes in cards. Turning to slide 4, let me briefly touch on net interest margin. Reported NIM decreased 11 basis points in the first quarter to 6.62%, more than entirely driven from the first quarter having fewer days worth of recognized income. Average interest-earning assets were down modestly quarter-over-quarter driven by lower average investment securities and cash offset by higher average loan balances. Average loans were higher on a linked-quarter basis due to continued growth in our auto, finance and commercial businesses offset by declines in card balances primarily due to seasonality. Our guidance for card runoff in 2014 remains $1 billion. We are updating our expectations for mortgage runoff in 2014 to $5 billion from $4 billion previously. Turning to slide five, I will briefly cover capital trends. As expected, Basel III standardized became our primary regulatory capital regime in the first quarter. Regulatory capital ratios for periods prior to the first quarter are reported under Basel I. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized fully phased-in basis was 11.7% in the first quarter compared to the same number of 10.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013. With the benefit of phasing our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 13%, up 80 basis points from the same 12.2% in the fourth quarter of 2013. While there is still work in progress, industry wide on the final implications for capital under the Basel III advanced approaches , we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. Based on the quantitative and qualitative outcomes in the recent CCAR process, we look forward to returning capital to our shareholders through the approved $2.5 billion in share repurchases over the next four quarters. The bar surpassing CCAR is high and will likely continue to rise. We have and will continue to invest in our processes to exceed these standards. We have demonstrated our commitment to return capital and understand that remains an important part of return equation for our investors. Let me close briefly with an update of our expectations for 2014. The early adoption of the new accounting standard for low income housing tax credits and the change we made to prospectively recognize auto reposition expense and operating expenses instead of as a component of vehicle, impact on our outlook for PP&E and its components. We’ve previously expected pre-provision earnings for 2014 of approximately $9.8 billion excluding extraordinary items. Adjusting for the shift in geography of these two items with the impact of the new accounting standard being a primary driver, we now expect 2014 pre-provision earnings to be about $10 billion within a reasonable margin there. Looking beyond the impact of these geography moves, we expect some modest or principally offsetting changes with higher revenues offsetting higher expenses. With that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Steve Crawford: So Ryan, as Rich mentioned, we’re not at a point where we’re prepared to provide specific guidance going forward and I am sure you can imagine there is a bunch of reasons for that. But in our couple of observations, some of which you’ve heard it from Rich and I already. One, the qualitative bar continues to go up for all banks and I think the good reasons for us to emphasize flexibility in our future capital plans probably means that share repurchases will be a continuing emphases. And I think in terms of thinking about payout levels going forward, I kind of go back to the way Rich ended, which is we have a really strong capital position and continue to deliver high returns. Industry-wide loan growth is relatively low and in our case it’s magnified by run-off. We continue to be comfortable with our strategic footprint. So, and most importantly, I think hopefully demonstrated over the last couple of years; we understand how important capital return is to delivering enduring value to our shareholders.
Steve Crawford: So let me go first. In terms of the PP revisions, again these are primarily changes in geography. So, we would have approximately $240 million of incremental operating expense. If we have the current standards prevail into this year with respect to how we were accounting for [Litech], we would similarly have $40 million that would stay in (inaudible) instead of moving up to operating expense. These are again approximate numbers that gets you to the around $200 million, which is why the guidance went up from $9.8 billion to $10 billion, again that excludes extraordinary items and we’re not defining that’s the last decimal point.
Steve Crawford: Well that’s a great question frankly it’s a long way off in the future for us and we’ve just had the first couple of banks exit parallel and those banks to my understanding even in the 2015 fee cost they’re not going to be tested assuming the advanced approaches apply. So I don’t think anybody can give you a really good feel as to the intersection between CCAR and advanced approaches. What I would tell you in terms of how we think about our capital that is you start with an assessment of the proper capital levels for our inherent risk. As you know we’ve talked about the company’s use of stress test for many years in assessing how much capital we use. And we’re also informed by relevant experience, we had hopefully the most robust test we’ll have for a while in the great recession. So a lot of that is the grounding for the capital that we need but moving away from the internal view, there are still moving pieces it’s not just how advanced approaches gets into CCAR I don’t think CCAR is stable at this point. And we haven’t even entered parallel run. So while there is significant uncertainty we believe the 8% target is right and wouldn’t communicate that to Europe, we thought it was fairly inconsistent with the regulatory framework. That’s not a guarantee that 8% is the correct point estimate. But any other number at this point would be speculative and remember our 8% number does include a 100 basis point cushion above regulatory amendments.
Steve Crawford: Okay. So let me start with LCR. Basically we don’t think there is going to be a material financial impact. It’s a little bit hard to be, too definitive on the ultimate impact because we don’t even have final rules at this point. But I think almost -- unless the rules change materially, we wouldn’t see a real financial impact from this. There is however the greater operational and governance burden that’s primarily a function of having to calculate this ratio on a daily basis and kind of when the industry needs to be able to do that certainly plays into the operational challenges. But we will be able to satisfy what currently it seems like the bar you have to get over which is the 80% LCR ratio requirement as of January ‘15.
Steve Crawford: Yes. That is down to as you kind of probably anticipate the answer to this question down to a level of guidance in detail that we’re not going to go to like last year. We provided guidance and as we move through the year we really stand it on to provision net revenue. This is a really dynamic business with a lot of moving pieces. And as was true last year, we may get to the guidance that we laid out at the beginning of the year in different ways. We’ve centered on pre-provision net revenue for a bunch of reasons, but it’s obviously the foundation for our ability to invest the future growth and to return capital to you. Adjusted for changes in geography, we’re not changing our guidance, which obviously excludes extraordinary items. And as Rich mentioned, we’re leaving out the credit story, which remains pretty strong as well.
Steve Crawford: The business overall was or for card specifically, because I think for the business overall, you can look at our exposure to rising rates and we actually feel pretty good about our asset sensitive position. And that’s going to accrue to the benefit of our shareholders, because we think obviously assets are going to re-price a little bit faster. So, if it’s more of a card specific question, we can deal with that. But I think overall when you look at our position, we compare I think pretty favorably with the peer group.
Steve Crawford: No, there is nothing specific on price revision and increased mortgage run-off, it maybe a little bit I think you have to go back and look at when we provided the guidance and what rates were at that point versus what rates are now. I think you’d probably find there is a better connection there between the run-offs.
Steve Crawford: Yes, I wouldn't over read anything or seasonal impacts in that the CCAR of anything would be a small portion of it and it’s obviously incorporated into our overall guidance for the year.
Richard Fairbank: Yes Ryan, we continue to be on track to have loan growth in our card business return in the second half of 2014. What’s really driving that is continued success in new account origination; I think we feel very good about the results we see there. On the existing customer base things are going very well and we’ve gotten traction, a lot of traction in the line increase area where I am sure you know that we had sort of a brown out with respect to line increases as we were adapting to a regulatory guideline. So, that’s pretty much back on track. So we feel good with respect to being able to play offense if you will. With respect to the defense side, every year the run-off becomes less and we continue on our journey of running off also our high balance revolver. And so net-net, the line is finally crossed in the second half of this year and I think we feel good about the trajectory from there.
Richard Fairbank: Yes Sanjay, in the auto business we continue to feel very good about the auto business. We’ve wanted to make sure that our investors understood that the confluence of kind of once in a lifetime event that led to extraordinary return opportunities and exceptional growth opportunities that’s redressing towards the main, but that’s not to take away from that fact that we continue to feel good about the opportunities to be very successful and earn well above hurdle rate returns in this business. The growth -- basically I think the way to think about the growth trajectory is subprime is pretty flat these days and we continue to grow in the prime space and that’s really just further penetration of the dealers that we have very good relationships with. So it’s kind of a natural to do this growth. And so despite that growing competition and of course we see two players that are now out there with IPOs and they are going to be intensely trying to generate growth, I think we feel pretty good about our position here. Of course the prime growth, as we get a mix change with more prime growth and more flattish on the subprime side that puts additional kind of pressure on the overall average margin and in addition to just what’s happening competitively. The other thing just to say on the auto growth side is the -- we continue to keep a close watch on the underwriting practices that are going on in the business. And I think it’s pretty much the same story I have been saying the last few quarters. There is a little slippage on some of the metrics, but overall still more slippage back towards the main as opposed to things that would cause us to really pull back.
Richard Fairbank: Bill on the, so first of all just purchase volume continues strong for Capital One and we think we're continuing to gain share of role in that space. With respect to non-interest income, there are couple of things going on, first of all our interchange growth in the quarter was basically flat despite the significant growth in purchase volume and more importantly the significant growth in general purpose credit card purchase volume. And I just want to point out, there is a lot of volatility in that particular metric in anyone quarter. But there is also a medium term kind of sustaining phenomenon here where we are very committed to our rewards business and we are upgrading rewards products for some of our existing rewards customers and consistent I think with the industry overall extending rewards product to some existing customers who don’t have rewards. And so near-term you will see some interchange cannibalization as we do this, this is very intentional and it’s all part of building a deeper customer franchise and all part of frankly are deep believe in the power of building relationships through strong rewards business. The other thing is the late fees were light in the quarter reflecting the delinquency real strong delinquency performance and that’s probably something that a number of other competitors would have seen as well. But a little light on the interchange side and late fees that’s a flip side of a very good credit effect are the contributors to a little weakness on the non-interest income.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Brad on the revenue margin, yes in terms of the first quarter, the revenue margin for the quarter was 16.9% and that’s down from 17.3% in the fourth quarter and that decrease, you are right was primarily driven by normal seasonality of the revenue margin. And sort of putting the revenue margin in the context, 2011 the revenue margin was around 17%, 2012 we added the HSBC portfolio and adjusting for a purchase accounting effects the margin was also around 17%. In 2013 after adjusting for Best Buy help for sale impacts and the deal related items, the revenue margin was also in the low 17% range. The benefits from the removal of Best Buy’s low margin business were roughly offset by what we call franchise enhancement so basically moves that we are making to consistent with our very strong customer advocacy things we’re doing in the company. And going forward there are going to be many puts and takes on the revenue margin. There will always be some franchise enhancement actions that we continue to take overtime, but I think overall we believe Brad, the margin will remain healthy, we’re not going to give a specific forecast about the revenue margin, but I think we believe it will continue to be strong. And on credit, yes, the delinquency is what drove the release. It’s just, you probably heard and we keep saying quarter after quarter, it’s hard to imagine things getting much better than this. And let’s really enjoy it while we’re in this part of the cycle. I think we are struck by the strength of the credit performance, we continue to see the relatively low delinquency levels and the low roll rate. So, I don’t think as we look at it that we’re here to declare that credit is going to get even better, but I think I would say this that the continued strong performance of all the credit metrics reinforces our strength, our belief in the strength and continuation of a good credit performance that can help generate very nice returns in the business.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Sameer, we consistently review our business plans across the company and our customers individually and as groups to ensure that they are aligned with our strategic goals and our objectives on all dimensions including regulatory compliance and everything. And we took a number of factors into consideration and determined that the check cashing business being bankers to check cashers no longer fits with our strategic priorities. The financial impact of this exit is really not material. This business was the small part of the overall enterprise.
Richard Fairbank: So I’m not sure what you are referring to, I don’t have our origination data right in front of me, but I’m not sure what you are referring to about a pull back in 2012. My recollection to the following that the auto business spiked early in the great recession. A lot of people exited, we pulled back to our really core dealer relationships and then looked for the inflection points. You may remember that we’ve often articulated that some of the best lending opportunities are actually in the [roads] of downturns when you pass kind of inflection point relating to customer behavior and competitor supply and demand and sort of underwriting standards. And so really into as I recall it was in 2009 and in the 2010 that we really accelerated originations in the auto business and we have continued very strong right through this point all through this period believing this is kind of the best part of the cycle and checking very carefully each vintage. As it’s turned out, despite our inflection point monitoring and our belief that this was the best part of the cycle and the supply and demand were in a good place, the vintages have actually outperformed in a good way our own expectations. And so certainly in hindsight, we feel very good about our acceleration. And I’m not aware of anything that would characterize the early -- the vintages in the first half or second half of a particular year. Along the way with these vintages there has been some expansion of -- some loosening of our very tight credit standards back to just tight, if you will. And so a couple of the vintages have had expected higher risk, but overall this has been a continuous period of accelerating originations and very strong credit performance.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Martin, let me take first of all your question about our transactor business and its exposure to higher interest rates. We fund the expected lifetime balances for our transacting customers. And we expense rewards as they are earned. So as such, as rates rise, we feel very good about preserving the profitability and the benefits for our existing customers. Additionally, we subject our investment decisions as you can imagine to worsening conditions in the marketplace including higher interest rates. So, our products have a built-in resilience even at a higher interest rate level. Of course, should rates rise enough, I think you get kind of to the point that, and all players would be pretty equally affected. I think the industry would probably react and the going forward product structures would logically potentially adapt at that point. But in terms of the exposure to us, we kind of lock in as the best we can sort of all the existing things and we build in a buffer. And then I think if there were an adaptation, it would be an industry adaptation and we would react at that time. With respect to recovery levels in the card business, I’ll make just a general comment about the recovery levels. In general, recovery dollars tend to come down somewhat at this stage of the cycle. It’s kind of the math of the shrinking inventory of fresh charge-offs against which to recover. So in general, recovery rates have -- recovery dollars have been coming down just because recoveries are highest on fresh inventories, in the fresh inventories the good news is we haven’t been supplying our recoveries team with as much supply as they’ve been used to, so that’s a good thing. It is also the case with respect to asset sales -- I mean debt sales. We are probably the lowest, they’re among the very lowest in the industry in terms of extent of debt sales. But those are sort of opportunistic decisions made based on pricing in the marketplace and that can affect any particular quarter for some of the metrics as well.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Ken, I think we all in this business have just been struck by for really a number of years now, credit kind of comes in a little better than expected and growth is kind of hard to come by. And I think those are the flip side of the same phenomenon and it’s really what you’re identifying. The consumer is just being very conservative. In some ways Ken, the very thing that sort of frustrates the economy from growing, which is consumers are not spending enough, what are they doing with their money? Well, a lot of times they are paying down debt and just being extra careful. From a banking point of view, we should all be careful what we wish for here because the flip side of this growth weakness on the borrowing side is a tremendous kind of strength on the credit side and that has been powering a lot of great performance for some of the banks over this period of time. I do think though it’s part of the macro trend and delevering that frankly consumers and corporations have been doing for a number of years. So, it’s hard to prognosticate, but we generally operate with an outlook that revolving debt will probably be, the growth of revolving debt will be pretty slow. You’ve seen student lending of course growth has been pretty electrifying over this period of time and we’re not in that business, we’ve had a few cautions about that, but certainly that has been up. And we have been struck too by the strength of auto, borrowing over this period of time, solid borrowing and very good credit performance. But I think overall, what you’re seeing is the consumer that has I think learned a lot through the great recession and is cautious. And I think that our metrics are probably likely to reflect that for better and for worse.
Richard Fairbank: Scott, on commercial yields if we take the year-over-year perspective, loan yields decreased by 44 basis points due to the few factors. I think at the top of our list would be the increased competitive pressure in the market especially in the vanilla markets that have very, very large number of banks competing in it like the C&I sort of generic businesses. We also have shifted toward, more towards floating rate loans that has had an impact. We’ve always had very high quality originations, but we’ve even shifted toward loans with even higher credit quality and with a bit of trade-off with yields there. And ultimately in terms of how we make money. Our spreads have been somewhat, have not decreased by the same magnitude the loan yield has. It’s partly offset by lower funding cost, but overall certainly the competitive environment is contributing to that. Quarter-over-quarter I don’t think I am going to go into details that we have the total tax equivalent yield that kind of affect that makes a lot of noise. But competitively in the C&I business spreads definitely continue to compress and there has been some weakening in the non-investment grade credit structures as well. So we’re pretty cautious in those spaces. In commercial real-estate the spreads we see pressure on pricing and limited pockets of weaker lending terms but that’s largely in construction. I think banks are being a lot more disciplined in real-estate and also you have a big difference between the C&I business and CRE business, in CRE the CMBS channel has been largely sidelined while of course the CLO market is back to levels that are pretty close to 2007 level, so that’s putting extra pressure on the C&I business. So -- and again our strategy is mostly focused on specialty lending which is affected by all of these trends but tends to be -- the margins are holding up better because of the more balanced supply and demand.
Richard Fairbank: It’s really, it’s several effects, so first of all, we have our flagship venture and quick silver products that have pretty rich rewards for the consumers and as a percentage of our whole book those are growing. Then you have our extension of the richer rewards to existing rewards customers and then you also have extending rewards further to some customers who have not been a reward customer. So all of those contribute to this gap between purchase volume growth and interchange growth and in the -- there is sort of a transitionary period where some of these penetration effects are more noticeable and I flag that only because we’re in sort of one of those kind of periods. But it’s the flip side of our real belief in the power of this business model and in many ways the success of our rewards business.
Richard Fairbank: So, again I would say, my overall observation from the market, the blended kind of observation from the markets we’re in is that commercial real estate is quite a bit tamer than the C&I business. And I think it's really just frankly the flip side of the fact that C&I performed so well in the last downturn and is available to so many banks that you have sort of a lot of folks rushing in there. And then you have the CLO impact, the growing CLO impact as well. So, that's the area I'd flag as the biggest concern we have. On the commercial real estate side, again I think in most places people are licking their wounds and there is generally we see behavior that is more careful but that varies by markets, we don’t do commercial real estate in the southeast so I really don’t have an observation on that, we are relatively small players in DC. But I guess -- and more than half of our, the majority of our commercial real estate in fact is in New York City that has a lot of strong market dynamics going on right now and generally the behavior is not too irrational. But beyond sort of those qualitative descriptions I mean we spend a lot of time looking at key metrics and what’s happening to those key metrics. And when we look at LTV debt service coverage ratio and debt yield in commercial real estate we see things that are well within the guard rails we would look at and frankly are still I think we are still pretty comfortable with how we see those metrics moving in the marketplace, at least with respect to the loans we are originating.
