Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.1 billion or $1.86 per share in the third quarter. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.94 per share and had a return on average tangible common equity of 15.7%. Included in continuing operations results this quarter were higher linked-quarter revenue, flat linked-quarter non-interest expenses, higher provision for loan losses driven by $214 million allowance build, partially offset by lower charge-offs. There were a few non-recurring legal reserve changes in the quarter, I would like to highlight. First, a $27 million contra revenue impact; second, we had charges in non-interest expense, which were offset by a $28 million benefit in our domestic card business. And last, we had a $70 million charge from rep and warranty expense and discontinued operations. Turning to Slide 4, net interest margin increased 14 basis points in the third quarter to 6.69%, primarily driven by a higher average balances in our domestic card business and the third quarter having one more day worth of recognized income. Average interest earning assets were up quarter-over-quarter driven by higher average loan balances in our domestic card, auto finance, and commercial banking businesses. Turning to Slide 5, let me cover capital trends. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized fully phased-in basis was 11.8% in the third quarter, compared to 11.6% in the second quarter of this year. With the benefit of phase-in our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 12.7%. And while we have yet to enter parallel run for Basel III advanced approaches, we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. We reduced our net share count by 3 million shares in the quarter, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We completed approximately 500 million of our share buyback program in the third quarter, and we expect to buy an additional 1 billion over the next two quarters. Let me close the night with a brief update of our 2014 expectations. We continue to expect pre-provision earnings to be about $10 billion, excluding non-recurring items. Traditionally, our marketing expenses were seasonally higher in the fourth quarter. That seasonal increase in marketing as well as our operating expense investments in growth, which Rich will review in more detail will drive an increase in non-interest expense in the fourth quarter of this year, which will carry into 2015. We highlighted for you last quarter that allowance releases were less likely going forward. In the third quarter, we build allowances as we grew our card loans and expectations for future card growth will likely drive allowance build in the coming quarters. With that let me turning the call over to Rich.
Stephen S. Crawford: I’ll take the first. I think Rich will take the second. You are spot on in your observation about what drives the allowances, it’s really two factors, loan growth which we’ve been talking about returning in the second half for a while and then also the higher delinquencies which translates into higher NACO likely in the future. And basically, we have an extremely low quarter of NACO this quarter. As Rich talked about, we expect that to normalize and that replacement effect also has an impact on allowances. So going forward, you should absolutely be focused on loan growth and then to the extent that you believe delinquencies in acres are headed up, and that’s going to have an impact on allowance and obviously if you thought the opposite, the opposite would be true, but it’s really both factors.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. So I think Rich did a couple of things, he reconfirmed at 53% to 54%. He also said we expect loan growth to really drive the revenue outlook. So, I think we’ll leave it up to you to really figure out what you think a reasonable rate of loan growth is, and that’s probably as far as we are prepared to go in 2015 in terms of forecasting PP&R.
Stephen S. Crawford: We have been rotating. There will probably be a little bit more, but that’s not a big impact on margin. We’re going to be fine in terms of meeting the transitional requirements. LCR isn’t a huge issue for us except there is a little bit of a margin compression and obviously there is some OpEx getting our systems in a place where we’ll be able to calculate all the stuff on a daily basis. It’s a good example of the regulatory cost that Rich was mentioning.
Richard D. Fairbank: And Sanjay, what we’re seeing is continuation of what I’ve been talking about for – in a sense, talking about what we’re working on for a number of years, and talking about the traction the last several quarters, the traction that we’re getting, it is really in both originations and in line increases. In originations, we in the areas that we have really chosen to focus on including the top of the market with the heavy spender segment and in revolvers other than high balance revolvers. We have seen really growing traction in those areas, and that’s a good thing to see. The other big effect is line increases. Line increase is something that is always a central part of how we manage our business. As you know, we were kind of experienced sort of a line increased brown-out, starting really in some sense back in the throes of the great recession. We’re very conservative and then of course we had the Card Act and the rules associated with proof of income before we could do line increases. So in some sense, what you see now is moving from a browned-out line increase situation through now where we’re back into equilibrium in doing that and also catching up with some deferred line increases along the way. So there is a lot of strength in both areas, and I think we’re encouraged not only by the traction, but by the prospects for continuing traction.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, it’s actually different, Betsy, based on product, but the big driver is card and card, and the most important timeframe is the next 12 months, so it’s really the view of what’s going to happen to loss rate over the next 12 months, it’s going to be the principal driver. In addition to that, you’ve also got to factor in what the growth will be.
Richard D. Fairbank: Ryan, I think that digital, there are many benefits to digital investment. I would – the economics ultimately of going digital are pretty dramatic. The marginal cost of a digital interaction is virtually zero, and we are far from that in the analog activities that we do. A couple of things I want to say about that, first of all, I don’t even think the biggest benefit or the most compelling case for digital is just to lower costs even though I do believe that that is the end game. This is one of those few things in life where it’s pretty much everything gets better, but we are talking about being able to be faster, more efficient, a better customer experience, better controlled in an intense regulatory environment, much more able to innovate a better associate experience, so there is a lot of things that come on this journey. From an economic point of view, we have tracked digital investment, and also the clear savings that come from that, most importantly from driving customers to digital. Just because you build it, they don’t necessarily come. So we have a lot of efforts on that and we are making a lot of progress. That said, the tally right now for the measurable parts is we’re spending more than the manifest savings are, and I think actually that differential will continue because there is a lot to invest in, but it’s very clear to me that we can see savings and we can see a lot of other benefits happening. But the thing I want to leave with you is this is not a program, this is not a project, this is not a one year kind of thing. I mean we’re essentially talking about – we happen to be living through probably one of the biggest revolutions in the history of the world up there with possibly fire at [will] (ph). So that said, I think there’s a lot of transformation to go on in banking. And so, I think that the impacted digital investment will put upward pressure on efficiency ratios as opposed to downward in the near and medium-term. Longer run its direction is clearly downward, but I just wanted to leave you with that.
Richard D. Fairbank: So I think the competitive landscape in card continues to be intense, but strikingly stable. And again I would compare that you’ve often heard me talk about, I think both the commercial business and the auto business are getting kind of into a degrading state of competition and as they regret towards the main and so on. I think that so, but the card business, the pricing is relatively stable, you’ve had mail volumes increase by about 16% over the last year and so we got to keep an eye on that. And by the way that mail volumes increasing in the context of where the world is increasingly going to digital so that the total amount of marketing is even greater than kind of what you see in mail volumes. So certainly there’s more – there’s competitive intensity there, but I think the real thing that’s going on is there’s – the surviving and successful players in the card business have looked back in their rear view mirror as they’re tripped through the great recession. And they have figured out where they’re good and where they’re not so good, and they have staked out in most cases strikingly different strategies. And I think each of those strategies makes a lot of sense for the particular issuer and it’s playing to the strength of the particular issuer, but I think it helps to contribute to a rationale competitive environment in which in its own way we can kind of all succeed. And one thing kind of helping us a little bit after all of these years of the card industry and total growth growing nowhere you have seen in the last few months just looking at revolving credit date I think inching up from near zero to in March 1.5%, April 2.6%, May 2.5%, June 2.9%, July 3.4%, August 3.3%. So it’s a little bit of rising of the tide as well. So these alleged jealous competitors, I think, are feeling very good about how they’re doing in, it’s a pretty stable industry. Next question please.
Richard D. Fairbank: And you say as the risk of loss greater in sub-prime, greater than – what greater than it was before greater than prime, what did you…
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, thank you, Bill. So, Capital One, in 1998 we entered the auto finance business with the belief that this highly fragmented industry was going to go national and we wanted to bring information based strategies and the national kind of strategy to that business and we bought a sub-prime credit card company, Summit Acceptance Corporation. So our initial foundation came out of the sub-prime side and over the decade and a half that we’ve been doing it since we have migrated to a pretty much full credit spectrum perspective. This is not only to leverage scale economies, but what’s very clear is that the real leverage is in deep dealer relationships and there is economic benefit in that and I think in terms of the quality, the kind of loans that come out of that, it’s a win-win to build deep dealer relationships. And also it is our nature. If you look across the businesses that we do, that we tend to try to play across the credit spectrum and tend not to specialize just in one particular place. So this has been a long journey over this period of time, but you can see the continuing move toward not only near-prime, but so much growth in prime. And I think – and most of this is a matter of solidifying and deepening the exiting dealer relationships that we already have. So I think it’s a win-win as we do that. Now when you think about the economics of the business, sub-prime has high margins and higher losses and it’s all about how well one can play the credit risk management game. And I think this is not for the faint of heart. This is companies that deeply invest in that and we have 15 years experience in auto and couple of decades experience in the card business and underwriting in that particular segment and we feel very good about the risk adjusted through cycle returns that we experience there. And I think our rearview mirror experience in the Great Recession is confirmatory as well Near-prime by the way is just in between everything that I’m going to say about prime and sub-prime. On the prime side, this is very thin margins and very low credit losses and that is a business that where scale matters and every expense dollar is really important and so on. But I think we’ve managed to build one of the top positions in that business. And while the returns are much lower we are comfortable with those returns. They’re much lower than sub-prime. We’re comfortable with the returns and we’re very comfortable with the integrated economics we’re getting in this business. Just one comment about the cycle for a second. The extraordinary returns a few years ago in the auto business as competition headed for the hills, have now pretty much regressed very close to the mean. Some prime remains a little bit above in terms of returns at this point and the prime business is really right there at the intense point in the cycle from a margin point of view. But overall things here we feel good.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Don, we don’t get into the economics of our contract with Apple. But the decisions that we make come with the belief that this is an important thing for us to do. And I think it offers a good, opportunity and upside for us. The vault that that bill is referring to let me just comment for a second, one of the key elements in security, that’s a very important breakthrough is that, card numbers are not going to be embedded inside the secured element on a phone. Instead, one-time single-use or a few times use tokens will be in a sense, sent to the phone. So that the risk of extended fraud is massively reduced. Visa and MasterCard are creating a vault and there is other activity that’s going on of some alternative approaches, as well just in the nature of an evolving industry. I think people aren’t leaving single solutions as the only way to go. But whether it is coming from Visa and MasterCard or from a banking industry vaults are really actually from individual issuers vault. There’s work going on in all three of those dimensions, but the big story there is, this tokenization is a game changer in terms of security.Donald James Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Thank you.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, it’s funny given the heritage of the company that we would think numbers like this are…Robert Napoli – William Blair & Company: Right, go ahead.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, look at – I think that the nature – let me comment for a second about the nature of how I think credit cycles work. When you’re in the sort of good part of the credit cycle, which has been like the last few years where borrowers are more careful and lenders are more careful and maybe a little more scarce, as you go on in the cycle, I think there is a very kind of classic pattern that occurs that as competition increases, lenders, particularly those who have strong memories of a recent recession like we all do here, what happens is the competition becomes almost singularly focused on price. And I think that prices fall until you get kind of down to that point where there’s not a lot of room there. And then you kind of move to phase two in the industries – in the cycle evolution where people start compromising various underwriting terms. I think most of the – I describe commercial that this battle has been played out on the pricing side, but also there is certainly other things going on the C&I side. The impact of the CLO market and the covenant light loans has put a lot of pressure on sort of the lower end of the marketplace, but it’s not impacting banks that much at this point, but we have a wary eye on that. I mean, just the percentage of loans in the institutional market that are covenant light is substantially higher than before the great recession. So we certainly have to keep an eye on this. And in other areas, individual areas you start to see some loosening of some underwriting standards in the industry, but I think all in all if the things aren’t too in a bad place yet. The key thing we’re doing is focusing on segments where we are comfortable with the segments and for us that’s mostly the specialty lending segments that are not as subject to 8,000 banks who are looking for assets, trying to go out and see if they can generate business. This is kind of like the card business where highly sophisticated limited number of players, who know what they are doing are competing in these spaces. So the net effect of all of that is I’m going to leave you with. I mean, we still feel that there is good business to be had in commercial, but you should be thanking as this regresses to the main our growth is going to do the same.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, so it’s a very natural thing for everybody, when they think marketing to think of TV ads, because that’s what you all see unless you’re blessed by having your mail box full of some of our solicitations, and so on. I want to say that just as a reminder, the amount of money we spend on television advertising is a modest portion of the entire expenditures that we do in marketing. So my short answer is that a lot – there you’ve seen the seasonality of marketing spend and a bunch of that comes from campaign seasonality. So things like our sponsorship of a lot of things in the NFL, I mean in college football and things like that, there’s a whole seasonality there. Campaigns you see like Quick Silver and various things, there’s a lot of hard wiring in advance of some of that stuff. But the increases that you see beyond the normal seasonality really are a reflection of real time seizing of the opportunity that’s going on at Capital One, as we see growth opportunities. So there’s kind of a fixed component in the near term and there’s a variable component. And we’ve always said that in the end that variable component is pretty sizable, as well. And you’re just seeing the manifestation of kind of seizing the moment and taking advantage of that
Richard D. Fairbank: You’re talking, Rick, about the card business?Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: I am talking about the card business.
Richard D. Fairbank: I don’t see evidence that we are. I mean look, I’m the last guy you’ll ever see saying, read my lips, no price reductions from here kind of thing. But now I see people intensely competing in the segments where they see their strengths. All of them are sophisticated, they all have fresh memories from the great recession. And I – look, yes, we have been one that has been predicting margin decline for a number of years. And so first of all, you probably shouldn’t be asking me giving my credibility that has been lost over that subject, but I see again a very competitive but stable rational environment. And probably in the longer run, there will be pressure on that, but I don’t. It sure has a different feel for me again than the other segments we play in, where things are only going in one direction.Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Got it. Yes I mean, I think, if it is that – several years ago, you talked about margin compression following Card Act and eventually sort of threw your hands up and said, hey, we’re not just seeing it, it feels that way still.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, I mean, again, a lot of my predictions about the margin compression back in the post Card Act days, really was sort of thinking through the mechanics of all the aspects of the Card Act and how that would play out and some of that stuff. It didn’t play out exactly as we had predicted. The other thing that’s going on, I really want to draw another thing too into this conversation in both the commercial and the auto space, if I were to calibrate that compared with the card business. In the commercial and auto space, you literally had people heading for the hills for a whole period of time as the great recession was raging. A lot of auto players literally liked bailed out of the business. You had a lot of particularly European players bail out of the business so much capital markets money, and so on leaving the commercial space. And so supply itself has really changed over this period of time and it’s led to margins to really go up and then to really go down. In contrast, in the card business, all the players who pretty much entered the great recession are still the same list of players on the other side of it. We were all a little wiser now, but we’re all very committed to the card business and pretty much doing all the things that continue to make it successful. So the card business never had the spike in margins that occurred in the other businesses nor does it have the kind – the regression to the mean therefore that occurred in the other businesses. 
Richard D. Fairbank: No, Brain, if we’d wanted to get that specific by line item we really would. There is a lot of moving pieces in the environment. We’re trying to do a lot of the same things – a lot of things at the same time, keep our customers, our regulators, and our shareholders delighted and particularly in this interest rate environment that’s a handful. So we feel comfortable with our guidance of 53% to 54%. We’ve tried to give you senses as to what’s going to drive the top-line growth next year, which is really loan growth. We just talked a little bit about how we feel about loan growth. I think given where we are that’s probably as far as we’re prepared to go.
Richard D. Fairbank: We have a great interest in all of the innovations that are coming out of the digital space. I think one thing that is a classic thing that banks do and I always worried that we resemble that description is to focus on things the way that we do it and miss the fact that they’re really break-through things going on. I think they are – so the peer-to-peer lending, which is pretty much non-exiting activity on the banking side is clearly picking up quite a bit of steam in the startups and in the digital space. I think there is a – it is our view that all of the opportunities in the digital space and we pretty obsessively study those including a bunch of lending ones. The peer-to-peer lending opportunity is not one that’s at the top of our list in terms of the opportunities. I mean we’re going to be very close students of what’s going on, but I think there are number of other really clever things that are happening with startups that we’re a lot of more interested in. I think there is a – when you think about peer-to-peer lending and all the risk issues associated with that, all the regulatory environment we live in and kind of the things that we have learned and – that I personally, for example, have learned in over two decades of building a consumer lending company. There are a lot of challenges and a lot of risks in there. So what we’re going to do is probably be a very eager observer and we’ll go from there.
Richard D. Fairbank: Are you talking about the asset liability, sensitivity or…Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities: I guess I’m really talking about deposit data, one of the questions we get most often from investors is Capital One spends a lot of time talking about their digital offerings and I think that in some cases gets investors worried about the potential for outflow of deposits faster at Capital One than at a “traditional bank” even though those traditional banks are now following down the path of Capital One trying to focus on digital acquisition of deposits.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So first of all, you know, so much – when I gave my little spit flying little passionate speech about digital a few minutes ago. One thing I want to say is the way digital is transforming banking goes far beyond what I think the thing people mostly think about, which is, today there are branches and tomorrow there is a branch in people’s pocket. And look that is very important component of that whole thing. And by having bought ING Direct, by having before that already build to digital bank of our own, and having a big commitment to digital innovation and having a heritage of 20 some years being a direct marketing company, I’m very interested in the opportunities there. But the bulk of our digital investment itself and capabilities is really for things that kind of extend beyond some of the narrowest view about just moving to a bank in your pocket kind of thing. Let me comment on deposit stickiness. And I really appreciate that you asked the question. If the conventional wisdom out there is gosh well the only way that these, some of these online banks have got, they’ve used price as a way to generate their business. Again having 10 years experienced ourselves in building an online direct bank and then having bought ING, we have a window that shows how very different that the actual world that we live in is, versus some of those perceptions. And a lot of it, and it really pivots around what is it that is drawing customers into a bank like ING Direct, for example, and now Capital One 360. Many years ago at its very beginning ING offered one of the highest rates paid. And over the years it had a very explicit goal that we are going to move into building of franchise and building a brand, and the benefit of that is that we’re going to get people to come for us for something other than just being number one in the league tables with respect to rate. And over time the ING franchise has, now Capital One 360 has moved way off the frontier of where the hot money goes. And in fact, we now have well more than a decade of experience of just seeing how long live these customers are, and also how below this franchise is, the customer loyalty is really extraordinary. And so while I would say that relative to the branch on the corner we in our own planning are assuming a deposit data that is higher than those most sticky of deposits. I think that people are going to be pleasantly surprised by the resilience of these deposits. You make the other point, which is really important to, which is that there is a blurring of the lines here over time as more and more banking becomes digital. And I think, especially with Capital One strategy ourselves to kind of create the fusion of the truly kind of ING oriented digital bank and the physical distribution Capital One that we are and I think that as our own lines blur also you’re going to see the industry lines blur and I think that over time it is a franchise with surprising striking resilience.
