Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. For the third quarter, Capital One earned $1.1 billion or a $1.98 per share, and had a return on average tangible common equity of 14.3%. On a continuing operations basis, we earned a $1.99 per share. Net income was up $251 million versus the prior quarter driven by higher linked-quarter pre-provision earnings and slightly lower provision expense. Pre-provision earnings increased by $375 million versus the prior quarter as we had higher revenue and lower non-interest expenses. As a reminder, we had $188 million of non-recurring operating expenses in the second quarter. Excluding non-recurring expenses, operating expenses were relatively flat versus the prior year. Provision for credit losses decreased 3% on a linked-quarter basis driven by a smaller allowance build. During the quarter, we added $69 million to our UK PPI reserve with $49 million as a contra-revenue and $20 million in operating expense. We have included in an appendix slide in our earnings presentation available on our website, illustrating the impacts from non-recurring items to key line items and ratios in both the quarter and year-to-date. The increase in our UK PPI reserve is driven by proposed new rules announced by the FCA in early October. As always, our 10-Q will provide further details on the factors we consider in estimating our reserve. Excluding the impact from the build in UK PPI reserve, earnings per share in the quarter were $2.10 per share. Turning to net interest margin. As outlined on slide four, reported NIM increased 17 basis points in the third quarter to 6.73%, primarily driven by higher loan yields in domestic card and an additional data day to recognize revenue in the third quarter. We continue to be above the fully phased in LCR requirements as of September 30, 2015. On slide five you can see our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.1% as of September 30, 2015. On a fully phased in basis, we estimate the Standardized ratio would be approximately 11.8%. This fully phased in ratio is subject to change once we exit parallel run and we expect it to be lower. We reduced our net share count in the quarter by 7.6 million shares, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We entered parallel run for Basel III Advanced Approaches on January 1, 2015, and we continue to estimate that we are above our 8% target. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Stephen S. Crawford: I don't know why the yield would move up, Sanjay, because it's just average relative to the portfolio is. So I'm not sure you'd see a change in yield. I'm sorry if I'm misunderstanding the question. There's not a mix change in the portfolio if that's (30:59)
Stephen S. Crawford: Yeah. I think those words were chosen carefully and we're probably not going to go a lot further than the guidance that was given. So I appreciate you trying and we'd like to be more precise, but I don't think particularly at this point more precisions probably in your or in our interest. Next question please.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yeah. There's just a bunch of different factors, I think, that can move around on a quarterly basis. I don't think there's anything systemic or trend-wise that we'd point out. I think it's much better to probably look at these things on an annual basis.
Stephen S. Crawford: Phil (sic) [Bill], if I could just say also, a big part of not being able to do what you would like in terms of forecasting it, I think you've heard Rich talk forever about growth being windows of opportunity we see in the market, and we're not planning every year to get a certain amount of growth when it's there and it makes sense we take it. So, that obviously makes it pretty difficult to look into the future and see how the mix is going to change over time, and hopefully it goes without saying that these originations are performing as we expect, and we believe these are going to work out really well for our shareholders over time.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yeah. So that's really, our funding needs have been met more by wholesale funding sources including securitization, some brokerage CDs. We've been largely out of wholesale markets following the ING DIRECT acquisition and have been intentionally reestablishing our presence. That's just a market that you want to stay active in. Remember, wholesale funding is also an important part of the LCR calculations. So there're a couple reasons why we, in addition to being in a pretty efficient market, but we believe we're very well positioned to grow our deposits in our bank going forward.
Stephen S. Crawford: I think that's the semiannual payment. So it's December and June. That's why you don't see it this time around.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to the other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, I ask that you please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Lauren, please start the Q&A session.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Sanjay, I think we've lost you. If you want to follow-up with me after the call – feel free to do so.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on this conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the investor relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have remaining. Have a great evening and thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I think it's a – there's no one place to point. If we go back to last quarter, we said we didn't expect much improvement in full year 2016 efficiency ratio, excluding non-recurring items of course, compared to full year 2015. We noted Betsy of course that we were predicting a volatile number 15 months in advance. We also said the investments that will pressure our efficiency ratio would over time contribute to positive operating leverage. And most notably, of course, those are our investment in card growth and our digital investment. We're now three months closer which helps reduce uncertainty somewhat and we have three more months of card revenue growth baking in the oven. We also continue to drive hard for cost savings and we've seen some solid tangible evidence of cost savings arising from our digital investments, and we know these savings will increase over time. And we have identified more contingent cost levers to manage some of the revenue uncertainty. And while we are of course still one and a quarter years away from the end of 2016, we have enough confidence to say that we expect modest improvement in full year efficiency ratio in 2016 excluding non-recurring items.
Richard D. Fairbank: Betsy, it's really, I think just a – how the growth math manifests itself in the context of having gone from a relatively low growth environment to an accelerating growth environment, and how the losses play out. Let's talk about that growth math for a bit. If you just looked at our back book, you'd see exceptionally low and still improving credit loss. And that's because the back book is made up mostly of customers who weathered the great recession, and it's also exceptionally seasoned as a result of low levels of originations over many years. So from the starting point of that back book, now almost any new business that we originate of course will have higher losses. And as a general rule of thumb, losses on new loans tend to ramp up over a couple of years, and then peak and gradually come down. So when we accelerate growth, the majority of the loss effects you're felt over the subsequent two years. And this is the dynamic we've been calling growth math and things are continuing very much consistently with our own expectations with respect to how the credit is manifesting itself on the early vintages. And so what we have done, as we get another quarter into this and another quarter closer is to give you a bit of an extended window into basically the same growth math phenomenon that that we've been talking about for several quarters.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. Moshe, my overall comment I would say about the competitive environment is that it's fairly consistent. It's pretty intensely competitive, but overall relatively consistent, again, relative to some of the things that we see in some of the other banking businesses that we're in. But taking the different components of what we're seeing here, starting with balances, just – industry balances as you know Moshe, of course, have been relatively flat for quite a while, but now industry-wide those are certainly moving up. So, industry revolving debt helped steady it about 1% for most of 2012 and 2013, but since July of 2014 it's been over 3% growth and over 4% growth in recent months. And bank card outstandings are up about 4% year-over-year. So the first factor that we see is that there is return to just ambient levels of kind of balance growth in the industry. Pricing has been stable in the segments that we play in. Competition continues to be very intense, especially in rewards but generally stable. The one place that we would flag as where the competition has really increased substantially, and to a point of concern is in the partnership side, the bidding has become very intense in this auction-based market and there've been some very aggressive deals which we're not going to pay whatever it takes in that space. But that to me is the most striking thing that is in motion. Specifically with respect to rewards competition, one thing I want to say is, while it has some stability to it, it is intensely competitive and it has been that way for a lot of years. So, I think the major players, who are in it are very invested in it and it sort of takes years to build the brand and the market position to be able to succeed in that space. I see the players in that space being generally investing intensely; relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past, but certainly that's a very competitive (25:24).
Richard D. Fairbank: No, that – I wondered the same things as I saw some of the industry data, Moshe. I wouldn't necessarily declare that. I think that off of just such a stagnant growth environment, I think that there is some growth in the industry. But certainly relative to the last time, we saw the boom in the lending-centric environment, of course back then, Moshe, we saw some really kind of crazy practices that got into some of the products in the industry, just intense teaser wars all over the place. Now, of course, for those who choose to play in that segment, that's certainly going on. And people stretching in terms of credit risk and so on. It's what we saw again in the mid-00s. So I wouldn't say we see anything like that at this point, but I think it's good for you to make note that there has been a bit of a pickup in terms of balances and we'll have to see where that goes.
Richard D. Fairbank: No. Our point about – there is a seasonal effect. There's two different effects going on. One is the seasonal effect. And if you allow yourself to just say, if everything else were equal, here are the seasonal patterns and I described those several minutes ago, and that has the characteristic of peaking, as you described. Overlaid on top of that is another very important thing, which is the growth math of the acceleration that we have had in our business and that actually picks up steam over time. So, for example, we had pointed to sort of in the second half of 2015 that you will start seeing the net effects of growth. In fact growth – very early on when you start to accelerate growth, the losses actually in a sense have a movement in the other direction because you get a build of a denominator before the numerator picks up steam. But anyway, it's around this time, the third quarter of this year that the growth math is starting to play an increasingly important role. That's why you're now starting to see year-over-year growth in our charge-off numbers. So the guidance for the full year 2016, we're not giving quarterly guidance but it will have seasonal effects and then the increasing growth math effects and they will combine in our view to generate a full year average loss rate of around 4%.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. There is too many factors that lie between now and the end of 2016 to make a forecast at this point on what's going on in 2017. You do make a very good point though, that we all should remember, that at the end of the day of course as we get into the latter parts of 2016, the allowance build will be driven very much by what's happening with losses and very importantly what's happening with growth at that period of time. But I think that the main point that I wanted to make is just the way growth math works. It's in the first two years after – for any vintage of growth, where the losses are climbing. And then they settle out and actually ultimately go down in any one sort of vintage of growth. So, all of this is the math of some things going and after they – so for example, as we get towards the latter part of 2016 and into 2017, some of the early growth vintages will be starting to settle out and you still have the effects of course of some of the more recent growth that we hope happens over the course of next year, for example. But I think that, keeping in mind, this general effect of what happens over the two-year period following a surge in growth and then understanding it's the blend of all the different vintages and the timing of that, I think that's pretty much how we would guide you at this point. Obviously, collectively, things eventually stabilize in just the math of when accelerated growth happens for a period of time and settles out.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. So look, well we very much like the business and we spent 15 years building the capability to underwrite and manage risk in, for example, the subprime auto business. So the flagging that we have done in recent quarters about some of the practices that we see again is causing us to, ultimately effectively slow down the origination growth that we had had. We're still generating good business and we love the business. You mentioned the regulatory word, it is really not – our slow down, if you will, in origination growth is not driven by regulatory considerations. It's really driven by competitive situations, and in subprime most importantly some of the lending practices that we see that where I think more risk is being taken than we are comfortable to take to win a particular piece of business and that's really what we're flagging there.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well I mean, we've often said about acquisitions that, look, the marketplace is always in flux. And we said that we would continue to be interested particularly in asset purchases and partnership businesses. Those would be the primary areas of focus. The partnerships, in many ways, we've not been the market clearing price on some of the recent partnership biz, and I think our actions and discipline kind of speak for itself. But with respect to asset businesses we're really excited about the unique opportunity. It's very unusual thing to be able to, in an acquisition at an attractive price, get someone that is like the leading and just absolute amazing performers that somebody like GE Healthcare business is. So a lot of planets aligned for us to get that. It is a byproduct of as I've said we watch the marketplace and look for opportunities, but as you can see over the last number of years, we done more looking than we have buying anything. But I think the GE business represents a very special opportunity that arises, but it is a very unique thing. I don't think – I think it is you could probably measure in decades the number of times a business comes along with such a good business and a market leading position where that can be obtained at a reasonable price. So we're happy about that, but that's not an indication that we're moving in the big acquisition mode in the slight.
Richard D. Fairbank: First of all we've been talking about auction prices for a long time. And the biggest reason that we put so much focus on is, if you look back in a historical context, we are at record levels in terms of where auction prices are. And they have sustained at record levels for a long period of time. And now there're arguments for that. Cars are lasting longer and there're lot of things about that. But the thing that matters from an underwriting point of view is not how long a car lasts or its value on the other end, it's what its value is relative to what you underwrite, wrote it, expecting it. So I just think in general, there is asymmetrical risk in the auto finance industry when auction prices sustain as they have for a significant number of years at record levels. And probably although we underwrite to a decline in prices, at some point, I think there's just a risk that the industry gets a little too used to that. So that's in general, what we have been flagging here. Now, if you look at the Manheim Index, you could go bowling on that flat index. Our own index that we see in the marketplace that's measured a little bit differently actually has shown recent declines relative to that. But the main thing is not so much what has happened and no it's really not a seasonal point. The main thing is just when we see small effects happening, we just talk a little bit louder to remind everyone that there's asymmetrical risk at the moment with respect to where auction option prices are. But I've been saying for several years and they just keep on being high, but that's what I wanted to flag on that.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. We really like our UK business. It's a tremendous synergy to have that business when we have such a big U.S. business and we have a lot of cross-pollination going both ways and good business ideas going both ways and some of our best ideas actually sometimes come from our UK folks. That UK business isn't just a clone of our U.S. business and the most striking difference, if you look at the two, is sort of the absence in the UK of the big top-of-the-market transactor rewards driven business. So while interchange dropped significantly, our business never was a really top-of-the-market spender, heavy business. So the impact on us is relatively muted from the drop in interchange.
Richard D. Fairbank: You know, Bill – you didn't just like the eloquence of this great story about how back book performs and front book performs. They are really not – we don't have a thing at Capital One called just the back book's over here and the front book's over here because it's all a state of transition. Everybody starts in the front book over time and then moves into the back book. It is a general descriptive method that we use to say that the metrics that you're seeing on our portfolio are driven way disproportionately by the changes at the margin especially in originations, but also in terms of things like line increases as well. So that the effects are so dramatic, particularly on a highly seasoned portfolio with just incredibly low losses like we have here. That's why we speak in terms of the front book and the back book, but they really – it's more of a method of explaining how the business works and...
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, actually you did an incredibly good job, probably better than I did of actually explaining the growth math general dynamics. So if you have specific questions, we'll try to answer them, but I think that if you look at Capital One right now, we're in kind of a striking position if you look at our metrics relative to a number of players. First of all, you may remember that in the period preceding this, Capital One was actually near the bottom of the league tables in terms of growth. And we talked all about running off high balance revolvers. We kind of stopped talking all the time about that, but that's a phenomenon so we have had an exceptionally seasoned book. And then, now, as we're sort of on the leading side of the industry with respect to our growth, then you're also going to see our metrics will move in ways that will diverge from competitors, in striking ways and that's why it's really important that we all communicate as clearly as we can about growth math and separating what's the difference between just natural maturation of businesses and customers behaving exactly as we expect versus changes in underlying credit performance or things like that. So at this time, we are diverging from certainly some of the other players with respect to our credit performance. I again want to reiterate that things are coming in very consistent with our own expectations, both on the front book and on the back book.
Richard D. Fairbank: Rick, we also are enjoying a high level of account growth right now. Not sure I can speak for the other competitors but if you look at when we went from very little growth a couple of years ago, when the growth began, we said that our originations have picked up but also our line increases are going to be a little bit outsized here because we are making up for a period of time when we were not able to do line increases as we are working on a solution to a new regulation that had come out. And so, early on in our growth surge we were a little bit more than normally weighted toward line increases. That has now reached pretty much an equilibrium where the line increases – the majority of our growth – and by the way – well I would say just generally a majority of our growth is coming on the origination side, and important minority of our growth is coming from line increases but it's pretty much at sort of an equilibrium at this point.
