Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.5 billion or $2.99 per share in the third quarter. We had two adjusting items in the quarter, which are outlined on page 13 of tonight's slide deck. We had a $141 million net gain on the sale of an exited business which was $0.22 per share. We had a build in our legal reserves of $170 million or $0.35 per share related to our ongoing AML investigations from various regulatory and legal enforcement agencies. Part of this build is to pay for $100 million civil monetary penalty, which has been imposed by the OCC as part of the 2015 AML Consent Order. As is often the case, our 2015 order had a placeholder for civil monetary penalties. This fine represents the next step in our resolution of this matter with the OCC. We have made significant progress against the terms of the order. The remainder of the legal reserve build is related to residual AML investigation risk. As other agencies besides the OCC continue to investigate AML issues relating primarily to our former check cashing business, we will provide updates of these investigations in our quarterly filings. These adjusting items were recorded in our other category. Net of these adjusting items, earnings were $3.12 per share. In addition to these adjusting items, we had one notable item in the quarter which was an impairment charge of $200 million or $0.32 per share related to investment portfolio repositioning to optimize capital and capture increased coupon to benefit future earnings. Provision for credit losses were down at 1% on a linked-quarter basis and down 31% year-over-year primarily driven by allowance for leases in our domestic card and auto businesses. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in allowance across our businesses which are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Improving credit results resulted in $144 million allowance release in our domestic card business and a $75 million release in our auto business. We increased our commercial reserves by $33 million in the quarter as we increased our allowance coverage ratio. Lastly, our effective tax rate in the quarter was 21.9%. We now expect our 2018 corporate annual effective tax rate to be around 22% before discrete items. This increase is based on our higher income from gains related to business exits and increases in non-deductible expenses from the legal reserves that I discussed earlier. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin increased 35 basis points on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by seasonality, day count, and the absence of the non-recurring items that we experienced in the second quarter of 2018. Net interest margin decreased 7 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by increasing deposit costs. We continue to believe that increasing deposit costs will be a headwind in NIM going forward. Turning to Slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 11.2%. In the third quarter, we purchased approximately 5.8 million common shares, where $570 million of our $1.2 billion 2018 CCAR share repurchase authorization. We continue to view our capital need based on existing regulations to be around 11% of CET1. We believe we have sufficient earnings power to support growth and capital distribution. And as I mentioned last quarter, how the capital frameworks and CCAR ultimately incorporate the effects of CECL as well as the calculation in the CECL itself may impact our view on our capital requirements. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Scott Blackley: Yes, so in terms of the impact, you've got it right, it's in non-interest income and it does impact the other segment. Basically, this was a securities rotation, Sanjay. So in Q3, we identified around $3 billion of agency MBS that was in AFS and had a mark of around $200 million loss that was sitting in AOCI. As you know, that impacts our capital position and it creates a deferred tax asset for us. In Q3, we identified that we had the intent to sell those securities and that caused us to move the mark out of AOCI and into earnings, so that's kind of what happened and why we recognized the $200 million. On a go forward basis in Q4, we've been selling those securities and reinvesting them in current coupon agency MBS. That improves the capital efficiency of those securities, and it is going to increase the yield on that $3 billion by around 200 basis points. So, on a go-forward basis, we would expect to see that improve our net interest margin by just a few basis points. And now, I just also mentioned that during the period that we held those after we put them, we identified this is available for sale. We saw rates move a little bit, and so in Q4, we’ll probably have a bit more of a mark on those before we're able to sell the entire portfolio, so that's kind of the picture there.
Scott Blackley: Ryan, so on the Consent Order we've been working on that since 2015. I think we've made substantial progress. I think the bulk of the work that we needed to do has been accomplished and so I don't think that we have a large cost headwind in front of us and we're hopeful to see that thing gets resolved here sooner than later.
Scott Blackley: Eric let me just go back and talk about the quarter and what happened with NIM in the quarter. So on a quarter-over-quarter basis, net interest margin increased by 35 basis points which is really driven by three factors. First of all recall that last quarter I called out several items that were impacting the second quarter that we didn't expect would go forward. We had the UK PPI reserve build, we had an excess cash position that we had as a consequence of exiting some of our home loans business and then we had the seasonal impact of card yield and balances being lower as customers typically increase payments after the tax season in the second quarter. So all those things we expected to not recur in the second quarter or in the third quarter and we saw that actually came to fruition. And then the other part that I would say is, is that in the third quarter we had a full quarter of having no home loans portfolio in our loan book and so that brought forward some higher yield and then finally this quarter, we actually had an extra day to earn income, so that was a positive. Now those were all kind of things that moved that drove the performance of the linked quarters positively. I will say that there continue to be a small headwind on a linked quarter basis from deposit cost and that's the one thing that I would expect to continue to a headwind going forward.
Scott Blackley: Moshe, just one other thing that I would mention before we move on there. One of the things that would be impacted, if we didn't move forward in getting the Walmart portfolio would be our capital position and so between now and when we might acquire that, you may see us accreting capital above our 11% capital needs in the event that we weren't in a position to move forward in acquiring that portfolio and as Rich talked about, we may see that go all the way into Q1 of 2019. I think it's unlikely that we would be able to do anything with capital distribution plans until CCAR 2019, so we would end up probably going into that with a higher capital level, than we otherwise would.
Scott Blackley: Betsy, why don't I start there. I think we have ample earnings power and a starting capital position today, where we're going to be able to support our current $1.2 billion capital plan as well as start to accrete capital for the Walmart transaction should that be something that we end up negotiating a successful agreement to acquire.
Rich Fairbank: Don, we understand this portfolio for us to agree to buy the back book, it needs to be at a price and at terms attractive to us, which will be determined through the negotiations over the next quarter or two.
Rich Fairbank: It's a great question, Don, because in so many ways, one can't help, but we struck by just how good the economy at this point is, and in some ways, it almost feels too good to be true, and so – and that's not a credit card comment. A lot of times on these calls, I'll make comments about the card industry, about card supply, about the consumer. We can talk about those things and, maybe I will in a moment, but you know I think the thing that sort of most catches our attention is, just how many sort of planets have aligned to make this environment so positive right now, but we can't forget the longer term issues out there, the implications of rising interest rates, growing government deficits, trade related issues, and also cumulatively some of the effects that's been going on with consumer indebtedness even though sort of the supply issues out there have gotten a little bit better in recent couple of quarters. So what we are doing is given the sort of dichotomy, we feel about the environment here, we're taking a little bit of a dichotomous strategy. So we feel really good about the growth opportunities in the card business to originates accounts, we've got a lot of successful programs going on as I mentioned on the marketing side where we of course have seasonally high marketing, but and we're doing some rollouts of sort of, new product rollouts, national banking, and so on, but we're leaning into growth opportunities, and what we're doing, the dichotomous compensating thing that we're doing is being even more cautious on credit lines because it's really not the growth of accounts that creates exposure, the exposure comes obviously really by definition by the extension of lines and the build of balances. So, we've been talking caution for really probably two, 2.5 years at this point relative to credit lines, but within the last year or so, we've even kind of further dialed back on initial lines and on some of the line increase things we're doing, not because of anything that we see in our own portfolio but really more out of this just kind of intuitive concern about the marketplace. Our philosophy is, let's continue to build the -- capitalize on the window to generate accounts because if you don't - they're not forever available, you need to capture them in the window, but then be extra careful about the extension of line.
Rich Fairbank: So I don't see this, this is not a wind the size of sort of the window that we saw in 2014, 2015, 2016 when we had way outsized growth. What we're seeing is just a lot of traction in terms of generating new accounts obviously, you see the purchase volume numbers, but for a lot of reasons probably many of them related to some of the digital innovations that we have done and some of the things happening on the customer side, we're seeing very nice traction in new account origination and so we're leaning into that. We've already talked about the marketing that goes along with some of these growth initiatives. So the only thing I again want to stress is that, the loan growth is going to be more of a function of what we about credit lines. It's not entirely I mean because that we originate has a credit line on it. And so I don't want to overstate this point, but how we dial the knob of credit lines which will be primarily driven by how we feel, from a line of scrimmage call point of view about the card market place and the economy, that will be the biggest driver of the loan growth. What we're excited about is the ability to generate a lot of accounts, they represent sort of stored opportunity that can be harnessed when we open up those lines at a later point.
Rich Fairbank: So let me talk about card and auto because they're slightly different stories. Let me start with auto. The auto industry over the last I don't know, probably two years has had anomalous situation where even though we're moving along in the credit cycle, the supply and demand situation kind of changed due to the pull back of one or maybe two significant players in the business. So Capital One really leaned into that growth opportunity and ever since we've been leaning into that, we've said overtime that opportunity will regress back to something more normal, but we like the opportunity but let us all remember that where we are in the cycle, let's remember used car prices have been high for so long, we fear the industry forgot about where they are at some point. The only way it's got to be down on some of that stuff. And so, but a lot of the auto growth has been driven by some positive competitive dynamics in the business, those still exists they're not as big as they used to be and so our growth is slowing but it is still there we've got some technology benefits in that space. I think we still feel good about the opportunity, but it's not nothing that would jump be a some big change from the trajectory that we're on. On the card side, the card industry I've been struck by the stability in the card industry kind of let me just back and sort of describe things that have gone on. I think there was a significant window for growth few years ago, we capitalized on that. Everybody in the industry saw us, supply shooting up, we saw some of the - in the second quarter of 2016 vintage curves across the whole industry starting gapping out and we and a number of other players, all identified this and it was a bit of shot across the bow [ph] to the card industry that don't get to ahead of yourself and I think the industry took the caution to heart little bit. In the meantime the very competitive marketplace, the pursuit of heavy spenders, all the rewards, products, intensity and all of that kind of reached the peak a couple of years ago and it's kind of settled out. so what I see is, a stable and a very competitive but stable [audio gap] and I think relative to what I've seen in 20 some years of having this company a relatively smart industry if you will about the choices they're making such that the card industry continues to offer growth opportunities, not incredibly big growth opportunities but it offers growth opportunities for a number of players in the business who are pursuing their individual strategies. The point I was making is, the particular strategies that we're pursuing, the particular opportunities that we see in the card business are something that we're leaning into, but it's more about account origination and you should not expect that to lead to some big outsized growth of loans because we're simultaneously pulling back out of an abundance of caution on the credit line side. So it's sort of inside Capital One it feels like we're really leaning into a growth opportunity, for you as investors it probably won't feel as much like that, but that sort of gives you some color on how could I simultaneously sit here in these earnings calls and being saying wow, I see the marketplace got some pretty good opportunities, we're leaning into the growth and then we're posting some numbers that are kind of the low end of the league tables of industry growth. So I think that's the context. Thank you.
Rich Fairbank: So I kind of go back to, I start with a little bit of - this is a way oversimplified thing, but if you go back and look at recessions there might be, a lot of truth to this particular oversimplified little maxim, which says after a big recession happens look at which things did the best and be highly sceptical about their performance in the next recession and maybe the inverse is true for those. So what I was struck by in the last recession how well C&I lending did for example in general and then we looked and within the banking space, we looked at for so many banks out of the thousands of banks that are out there, they continue to lose the opportunity to generate consumer side of the business, generate growth there because it is so scale driven and so much of the business is being taken over by a few national players and so, so many banks have been painted into a little bit to a corner of limited asset growth opportunities but certainly seeing good opportunities on the C&I side and so that's kind of I've always felt that - put that in your little cautionary thing. Additionally what we've seen of course now with the US economy and the years of aggressive monetary policy and accompanying low interest rates, low inflation. Investors have been pushed out on the risk curve to seek higher returns. And this has caused as you know a wide range of assets from equities to credit securities to rise in price. And as these assets prices have continued to rise and yields have continued to fall, we just see investors still searching for other ways to continue generating returns. Sponsors are paying higher multiples for companies, they're using more debt to finance them. It's striking and I looked through the chart the other day that just said the percent of deals that involve weakened assumptions if you will, sort of in the marketplace. There's more aggressive assumptions being used, so even when people are looking at things like EBITDA. The way the EBITDA assumptions are being made, there is weakness all around the edges there. Non-banks unhampered by regulation are accepting more aggressive structures in an attempt to provide their investors return. And this just increase competition has its way of sort of virally spreading out in the marketplace and that has caused lenders to accept lower yields and to give on terms. Now as a general observation on banks, I think banks have been the pillar of strength and generally of trying to stay very disciplined. But I don't think you can put a wall around these different parts of the marketplace and so we see things on the banking side that would be in the same direction if not the magnitude. So what are we doing about this, so one thing we're watching and obsessing about it, but we like pretty much every other bank that we heard on the call, they're calling for the need to stay disciplined in this case specifically what we've done is, to identify the sectors that are particularly vulnerable to these kinds of trends or have structural reasons that maybe less resilient and we have reduced exposure in those sectors and the fact if you look at last number of quarters probably in the last six quarters, maybe Capital One's loan growth has been pretty [indiscernible] on the commercial side which is really a lot of that been driven by the dialing back and reducing exposures in all of the areas that we identify as having a concern. So I think as a cross calibration across all the market places that we serve at Capital One. I think the C&I, the commercial lending marketplace particularly on the C&I side is probably one that looks further along in the economic cycle, more subject to the classic ways that lenders talk themselves into you know it's going to be okay, but when I calibrate I feel quite a bit better about the lending conditions that are going on the consumer side.
Rich Fairbank: Well we don't view this deal when we talk about this deal, we don't call it this is a portfolio, this is a whole conversation about a portfolio acquisition. This is a conversation about a partnership with a company that has an unbelievable franchise and is all in on really one of the on an extraordinary transformation in an industry that is having an extraordinary revolution in it, that parenthetically all of us in banking should go to school on; on how that industry is evolving. So we start with Walmart themselves as a partner and the benefits of that relationship. A company with a very strong franchise. They're motivated for the right reason about their card program we've seen a lot of partnership deals out there, where the big objective function is, how can the retailer just maximize profits from the credit card. So Walmart is so focused on leveraging this to build and grow their franchise and drive their digital transformation and finally and the partnership agreement really aligns out economic and strategic interest and that's really important to us because we've seen a lot of things out there, where it might be nice to go sign a contract. But the two parties have very different objective functions just by virtue of the way the contract is structured and we've been vocal about that, as we've gone around in the industry in terms of what we talk about that we want and we think it's best for the partner. So that leaves us then back to the back book or the existing portfolio. When you look at partnership deals with a couple of exceptions in the industry it is typically the case that back books follow front books, when a retailer switches issuers. There is obviously a lot of benefits from a customer experience and data perspective, but it's not always the back book follow front books and at Capital One we've had circumstances where we've done a successful front book deal without taking the back book and so now finally to your question. We see the business logic to have the back book come along with the front book have it all end in one partner, there's a lot of business logic. To us, it is a about price and terms and you know I think you're right Eric, you followed us for a lot of years, we've been very kind of vocal about some of the portfolios that are out there for sale in the marketplace. In general there are lot of things that we've passed on and for us to, we will agree to acquire this at pricing terms that are attractive to us and which help us mitigate the issues that we've often been concerned about portfolios out there in the marketplace.
Rich Fairbank: Our core growth. It wouldn't have any impact on the growth elsewhere because I really want to pull up again. We don't have any growth targets at Capital One. We never set growth targets and I think all the folks who are running different parts of our lending businesses are all out there trying to figure out what is the nature of the opportunity they see and the risk that they see and this is why, Capital One so often business-by-business is either at the top of the leading tables or the bottom of the league tables in terms of growth. Within individual parts of business the same thing is true. I mentioned earlier in commercial, I smiled when I looked at the chart of the growth rate of the different segments of commercial that had and they were in red or green based on what direction they were going and they were pretty darn big numbers in both direction just reflecting differing degrees of choices in individual businesses. Walmart won't have any impact on the growth choices that we have elsewhere and whether or not we get the existing portfolio because all across our card business we're leaning into capture all the growth opportunities that we see and we like our opportunities. The only thing about Walmart is, just understand that it's going to be a while before we finally start the Walmart relationship from a new account origination point of view, there's a whole bunch of work that has to be done to get ready for this, to get this thing off the ground and so on. So I think the really powerful opportunity for Walmart is not something that going to be very near term thing, but it's really the opportunity to take not just a pretty big company but a Fortune 1 company of which there are only one of those and really work together to build an opportunity that can really enhance their franchise and accelerate their digital transformation.
Rich Fairbank: Rich, I've not looked at data recently to be sure of the answer to that question. I do believe at times when I have looked over the years at our demographic mix relative to others. I have been struck at the younger lean that we have in the business and I believe a number of choices we're making are probably enhancing that, those include the pretty much all of the variations of the things we're doing on the digital side in the card business some of the marketing that we're doing and the challenger marketing probably a little younger leaning some of the marketing stuff that we're doing, the new overlay of the national banking side of this, where as we go out to build a national banking franchise, we're on the checking account side, by definition going to be attracting people that probably aren't going to be highly focused on physical distribution on the branch on the corner. What we have I think, our opportunity on the banking side will be particularly on checking attractive to the lower, the younger demographic. But let me say there's a flipside to this, which is we're offering some, our marketing is also focusing on hey [ph], by the way Capital One has great opportunities in our savings products and unlike a lot of products out there where there's a teaser rate and then suddenly, now you see it, now you don't. We have very strong sustainably good rates and that is particularly attractive frankly to the older demographics. So I think we've got something for everyone hopefully here. And final thing I would say to is, a lot of our emphasis on that travel rewards a lot of the heavy spender focus we've had at Capital One just ends up being going where the real spending is, which tends to be older.
Rich Fairbank: So I want to make a comment about, my comment about credit limits is no strategy change for Capital One it's nothing new that I'm saying about credit limits. We've had this strategy for 20 years in terms of every year we make a discrete decision about how much we're originating new accounts and a discrete decision about how much we're building the credit lines and how much exposure that we want to have. So I don't want anyone to go try to figure out the “new strategy of Capital One”. It's really more to point out the higher than usual at this very moment, separation between growth metrics of purchase volume and the metrics we see on new account origination versus the loan growth which for the earlier question kind of doesn't look like it's keeping up with the other numbers or my words as we're talking here. I think that Capital One from its founding days has been very focused on creating long-term shareholder value. Everything is in the context of net present value. Everything good I've ever seen has paying first and gained second. In fact, I've learned to almost run from opportunities that I've gained first and paying second because I've learnt that, we as an industry can't control ourselves when that is the case. But from the really founding of the company which took a lot of years, the building of all the long-term data on credit performance from which we would understand how things, where we could extend loans and where we wouldn't, the move to transform the balance sheet of the company out of concern for capital market funding reliance and therefore the deep move in the banking, the digital transformation that we're many years into which I talked about earlier and another one is, the national banking strategy that we're talking about here. What we're focused on doing a building a franchise that will endure and generate tremendous shareholder value overtime and some of things we've been talking about today are just examples of that.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, I'm reluctant to use the word offering. I think it's really more the capabilities and possibly really the similarity of the journeys between the two. Now I don't want to speak for Walmart, they really need to speak for themselves. I think their initial press release which talked quite a bit about the technology, thing would be a place to look. But I've really my conversation I don't want to speak for them although I'm very impressed by a number of things they're doing and all in their technology journey. I think for card partnerships for so long the card partnership industry has been especially when you talk about retailers because then there is airlines and other things too. If we just talk about retailers I think the car partnerships have a lot of the partnerships have been focused on how can we just get more cards in people's hands, how can we there are a lot of players who make quite a bit of money - retailers who make quite a bit of money on their card partnerships. There are retailers who make most of their money on their card partnerships and in some cases more than their entire retailing business. The digital revolution and the e-commerce revolution and the payments revolution has actually brought credit cards into a more central role in the future of how retailing is going to work because on the - for example in the store the card that is used is just the tail on the dog. In e-commerce sometimes it is the dog. The friction associated with how payments work, how people get customers credentials, into a relationship is a different thing. Then you also another aspect of the digital revolution is the tremendous opportunity to build deep customer relationships through data and of course that again, the credit card is right at the vortex of that hole journey. So it turns out it's really hard to bolt payments and data capabilities and transactional and customer experience capabilities onto an existing legacy retailer or an existing credit card company. To be able to break the friction and open up a much, a very large opportunity in digitally driven commerce, be it either in e-commerce or physical retail requires being well down a path of transformation and when both the retailer is and the credit card company, the ability to be able to create customer experiences together, is something that is really hard to, if one of those two partners is not on that journey and it just, I think in this particular case. I think and I'll speak for myself, Walmart can speak for themselves. I'm thinking I'm struck by the nature of the opportunities when two companies in very different industries are struck by the size of the opportunity and the transformation that's necessary to get there.
Bill Carcache: Rich, I wanted to follow-up on one of the points you made earlier. On one hand, it seems from the outside looking in, like we're at a pointless cycle where your underwriting standards are leading your growth in auto and card to continue to gradually slow, as we've been seeing for like the last 16 to 18 months in both card and auto. But you talked about leaning into growth opportunities which seems a little bit inconsistent with what we see in the data and so I was just hoping that you could help us reconcile the difference between what appears to be showing up in the data versus the point you made about leaning into the growth and then maybe give us a sense of whether we can expect to see a stabilization in growth at some point.
Bill Carcache: No, I'm sorry. I was just pointing out, if we look at the year-over-year growth in card and the year-over-year growth in auto, that year-over-year growth is, it's still positive. It's just been decelerating from the peak of you know 16 to 18 months ago. So just wondering if you could comment on that versus [indiscernible] point about leaning into the growth.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful. Rich. Thank you, if I may as a follow-up. Could you just quickly just elaborate on the competition that you're seeing from non-banks that you mentioned earlier and that's it. Thank you.
