Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Amy, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website, capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2023 results.  With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports that are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Jeff Norris: [Operator Instructions]  If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Amy, please start the Q&A. 
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes the earnings call for this evening. Thank you for joining us on this conference call, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The IR team will be here later this evening to answer any questions that may remain. Have a good night, everybody. 
Richard Fairbank: Kevin, thanks for your question there. Yes, let me just talk about this. Look, I think as we -- as things get back to where they were pre-pandemic, at some point, the word normalization, we'll need to retire that because things get pretty normal. So let's just talk just a little bit about what we're seeing and what's inherent and how we're in our outlook.  So at this point, many of our credit metrics have returned to their pre-pandemic levels. Others have not yet, but they're headed there. And we have -- we've particularly pointed as probably the best single metric to look at is delinquencies and delinquencies in the first quarter were at 3.66%, which is essentially back to 2019 levels, excuse me. Now our charge-offs haven't caught up yet, but based on what we see in our delinquencies, we think they'll get back to 2019 levels around the middle of the year -- of the year, excuse me. And our credit metrics tend to move what I've seen just over the many years, probably a quarter or 2 ahead of the industry in both directions. We saw that in the global financial crisis, and we saw it again in the pandemic, and we're probably seeing it again here. So first of all, just relative to our outlook and how we think about in terms of forecasting our losses going forward. There is one effect that's more of a Capital One effect. It's an effect that exists for everyone. I think it's more pronounced for Capital One relative to our loss rates, which is related to recovery. So let me just pause and explain that 1 for a minute.  Past charge-offs are, of course, the raw material for future recoveries and we just lived through 3 years of very low charge-offs. So our recoveries will be unusually low in the short to medium term. This is a larger headwind for us than most others because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average and because we tend to work -- most of our recoveries we tend to work them on our own as opposed to selling them. So the recoveries come in over time and not all at once as would be the case in a debt sale. So that's just a Capital One effect that we've been talking about for a while, and that is inherent in sort of the math of how our charge-offs are working and will work over time.  The other effect is the economy. And we are assuming material worsening of labor markets with the unemployment rate rising from today's very low levels to above 5% by the end of 2023. We are also assuming adverse effect from inflation and some further worsening of consumer profiles from the sort of the flip side of their extraordinary outperformance in the earlier period during the pandemic. So that's just a comment about how we create outlooks. We continue to feel very good about the business. We are leaning into our growth opportunities, our originations are coming in consistently solid, and we like the opportunities we see out there. We underwrite -- we always have underwritten for worsening scenario. So as the economy -- and sort of as credit performance normalizes, which we've expected for a long period of time, we are just continuing right on the path we have been on for quite some time. Every quarter, we trim a little bit around the edges where we see or where we anticipate an effect where customers might be a little bit more vulnerable.  We're also struck by the continued expansion of opportunities that are very resilient, and we're leaning into those. So we -- this business is built to anticipate volatility in losses and higher loss rates. And what we're doing is consistent with things that we have expected and we continue to really feel good about the opportunities. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So on your question about flow rates. Let me just -- why don't I just seize the moment a little bit and just talk about a bunch of our credit metrics and where they are. So we've talked about delinquencies we've talked about losses. Our individual flow rates have normalized and if we look at very early entry flow rates and a couple of delinquency buckets. In some cases, they're just a tick higher than they were in the way back at 2019 levels, but things are basically back.  Our payment rates have -- payment rates are a striking thing because you saw just the electrifying -- well, sorry, if you look at the trust data, the electrifying increase. The whole industry's flow rates increased pretty dramatically. Capital One's increased the most. And that was a striking effect driven really by 2 different things. One is the flip side of the -- or a manifestation of the extraordinary credit performance of the consumer where they just were in such a good position. They just were paying the card off at high levels. And it was also a manifestation of the continuing mix shift towards the top of the market and the traction we were getting in heavy spenders.  So payment rates have declined from the very high levels. They're not even close to where they were originally. But because of these 2 effects, if we separate them out and sort of look segment by segment, we see that payment rates are declining in every segment, but not yet back to where they were pre-pandemic. So that's something to keep an eye on there. Our revolve rate is roughly flat to last year and remains below pre-pandemic levels. But I think, again, there's a growth in transacting balances effect there. So we'll have to sort of adjust for that. And then a very important one is new originations.  Let's talk about that. So we see early performance that is consistent with our expectations, the earliest delinquencies, so we, of course, look very carefully at the early delinquencies on our most recent vintages that would be some months ago because they have to have a few months where we can start reading them. But the earliest delinquencies on our newest monthly vintages of origination are consistent with pre-pandemic originations as we compare 1 segment at a time on current originations versus several years ago.  And then vintage over vintage month over month for recent vintages, we're seeing pretty stable risk levels. So we feel very good about that. One thing that I've commented on over time is we have continued to -- in anticipation of market changes trim a little bit around the edges so that our -- the fact that our originations are performing on top of -- sort of where they were several years ago is also the result of some active anticipatory management. And so probably it offset some underlying worsening that's happened in the marketplace.  So if we pull up on that set of metrics, we are -- we continue to feel very good about the choices we're making, as I said before, the -- this is -- puts us in a position to continue to lean into the marketing. We enter our originations, anticipate worsening as just a matter of underwriting anyway. And so we're leaning into the marketing even as we continue to trim a little bit around the edges here or there. And so in some ways, our message here is just very, very similar with the feel of how this has been for really quite a few quarters now. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, I was going to say the same thing. So our guidance is with respect to operating efficiency ratio to be flat to modestly down relative to 2022. And we continue to put a lot of energy into that, of course. The total efficiency ratio includes also the marketing side of the business, as we've talked about. That's not part of our specific guidance. Our marketing choices are very dependent on the opportunity that we see, and Betsy -- you and most of the people on this call have known Capital One for a long time. And when we see opportunities, we really lean in on them. And so we can talk about marketing maybe on another question, but that's the efficiency point there. 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, just with respect to unemployment rate. I want to make a comment on that. All companies, including Capital One, try to look into limited historical data. And the thing I often call trying to model on 2 humps of the camel because it's only been a small number of times in the history of the card business that various economic metrics have gone up and gone down. So limited to the camel hump point, we all do our best to try to look at the drivers of -- and the correlations with respect to credit losses.  A striking thing all along in our journey has been the -- sort of parallel movement of unemployment rates and credit losses. So the -- it turns out from a modeling point of view, while often in the standard way people talk about things is to focus on the level of unemployment, in many of our models, actually, the rate of change is what matters most either as a measure like monthly job creation or is the change to the unemployment rate.  So an increase in the unemployment rate from the 3s to the 5s is pretty material worsening. But that's more of a window into the -- well, we would be cautious about even though historically, card losses almost strikingly to the number of average industry card losses. They've been pretty close to the unemployment rate over those 2 humps of a camel in the past. But I think that -- I think we lean a little harder into the effects that happened when unemployment rate changes. And therefore, that just happens to be a bigger element in our own models.  I do want to just make a couple of other points, just intuitive points about the economy. So we start with a consumer that's in a very strong place. We know that. And the consumer excess savings on average is, of course, winding down, but it's still there. But of course, credit losses play out at the margin, not just on average. But there are just a couple of effects that none of us will know until sort of after the fact one of the two, I'm going to talk about will never know, but I just want to comment on those because those affect our outlook of where credit losses can be. One, of course, is inflation. And none of us really have historical data in the card business to understand or predict the effects of significant increases and levels of inflation, but we are expecting inflation to impact consumer credit by compressing real incomes and as kind of a separate effect from an unemployment effect. And we -- since we haven't seen sustained inflation for more than 40 years, we can't really model this effect directly, but we make informed assumptions in our outlook to sort of account for this effect. So for example, a way to think about this is if there is a decline in real income that happens with this, we can look at our history and our cross-sectional evaluation of how people do as a function of different income levels, and then we can sort of extrapolate from those credit effects and proxy how something like inflation can have an effect there. So it's sort of using proxies, but it matches off to an intuitive assumption that high levels of inflation are going to be challenging for people. And finally, the other effect is, as I intuitively think about the marketplace, over all the years of sort of my journey in this, we've tended to see that periods of abnormally good credit are followed by periods of worse credit and vice versa. And the credit performance we saw over the past 3 years was unprecedented. So there's -- what maybe we could call a catching-up effect that happens on the other side of that for consumers who might otherwise have charged off over the past 3 years. And sort of the reverse of this effect happened in the global financial crisis, where charge-offs were accelerated and then it was kind of followed by a period of strikingly benign credit. This is an effect, I intuitively believe, we can't measure it. We won't even in hindsight, be able to measure it, but I just think it's part of the intuition that we bring into the business.  So when we pull kind of way up on things, we share with you the credit metrics that we see. And pretty much what you see is all that we see. So now we're all in the business of saying, where does this go from here? I shared with you some intuitive views that would lead to higher charge-off levels over time. And when we look at those, when we look at our card how we underwrite in card, we both can believe effects like this or -- will happen over time and also how strong the opportunity in card continues to be.  So that's just a little window into how we think about that. And then that's sort of me talking, but then, of course, Andrew leads the whole process relative to -- and our Head of Credit, the whole process relative to the allowance build. But anyway, those are some thoughts about credit and how the kind of factors that may play out over time. 
Richard Fairbank: So Aaron, yes. Let's just talk about purchase volume. So -- in Q1, our card purchase volume was up 10% year-over-year. And this grows while it's very solid, has decreased from the first part of 2022. But I think it's striking to separate out spend per active account and then like the growth of accounts and some of the benefits of our recent origination efforts. So if we look at spend per active account, now it was sort of -- it just really surge from the doldrums of the deep pandemic, then it really surged into the levels it was a year ago.  We see spend per active account is pretty flat to a year ago. And it is -- and we can watch it on a typically, over the last few months, it has been sort of declining on that coming down to basically a sort of net result of being flat for a year ago or I think maybe it's actually in the last couple of months a little bit under where it was a year ago, if I remember the graph that I was looking at.  Now initially, it's a funny thing how so often we see effects that start on the lower income, lower credit score side and then make their way up. I mean, pretty much the whole way credit has played out both on the improving side in the pandemic and then on the normalizing side, that's happened. But on spend, this slowing down happened in lower income segments first, but now it's more broad-based across income bands and really segments of our card business. So we, of course, are having very nice growth in accounts, and that's continuing to power purchase volume even as the spend sort of levels out.  Now in the spirit of what are we rooting for, it seems to me to be a pretty rational thing for consumers to sort of level off this pretty strong spend that they have had. So I think what we see, we're pretty pleased with -- and then when we look at things like discretionary and nondiscretionary spending, both of them have slowed significantly over the last year. Well -- no, the growth rates have slowed significantly, but the category mix of spend, the more things change, the more they stay the same because basically pretty much across all the categories, things have returned to the pre-pandemic level. 
Richard Fairbank: So Bill, I don't really -- I don't really have a -- I don't have a prediction about what exactly happens in the partnership business relative to merchant -- partnership agreements and then something as significant as the change in late fees comes and therefore, what do the collective -- the merchant and the issuer sort of do about that, I don't really have a prediction on that one. I just -- I wouldn't want to let your opening comment go just when you say, well, it's obviously much more probably for the people with partnerships than others because this -- where this legislation to come into effect, it has a significant impact on Capital One. So now there's a lot of miles to go before maybe everything works out. But just to comment on this for a second.  First of all, with respect to the proposal, it's not final, and we -- the CFPBs will get lots of public comments. And we'll have to see how the rule-making process plays out. Late fees play in a very important role in the system because they provide a direct and clear incentive for customers to pay on time and avoid running into delinquency. And it's also a way that issuers can sort of price for risk, and all this leads to greater access to credit and a lower cost of credit on average. So we certainly have a point of view on this one. A change in -- a significant change in late fees could affect consumer payment behavior and delinquencies, it could affect access to certain parts of the population. So there's kind of a lot at stake. But what I wanted to say for Capital One, this is -- it's an important revenue source for Capital One. And we obviously are working on thinking about those impacts, what might be mitigating measures. And so we're early into our thinking about it, but I think not only for partnership-based companies. But for Capital One and maybe some other players as well, this is an important development that we're going to all have to take very seriously. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, the -- we've seen a lot of innovation over the last number of years. I'd add one to your list, one that really was quite a made quite a flash, which is buy-now pay-later that came into the marketplace.  Let me really sort of start with that one. With buy-now pay-later came out, I remember having sort of saying this is kind of ironic because the original and still extraordinary buy-now pay-later product is called the credit card. So what is this new one that says, you can buy-now and pay-later. But anyway, it was riding on the back of some very, very clever technology sort of modern tech stacks and really good merchant relationships that made quite an impact on there. Now it was hailed as a revolution in payments from everything that we saw early on. I think it was, by the way, a very clever payment -- a very clever innovation, but it turned out to be more of a credit access play than necessarily. I'm not saying it isn't a revolution. Well, I'm saying that when we look at who flop there, it was a credit from looking at our bank customers and card customers, everything else, it was a credit access play and I think it's running into some challenges with respect to merchant discount rates and some credit challenges and other things, but it was certainly quite innovation. If you look at debit cards, anyone innovating in the debit card space that has access to the differential interchange that came from the law that created, tried to advantage smaller players versus bigger and networks other than -- well, different choices for different networks and different sized players.  Anyone who has the fortune to ride on the back of that. I think that's a promising opportunity for them. And so payments -- the payment space will continue to evolve. One other thing about payments that when you look pull way up and say in what areas have FinTechs or major tech companies have the biggest impact on banking. It was -- we, of course, worried that all aspects of banking would get affected. But the biggest -- I think the biggest single area that has really been impacted is payments itself which -- when you think about it, that it's kind of the holy grail from a tech company's point of view because it's where the money is, and it's a real-time kind of customer experience activity.  And importantly, it's not heavily regulated. For what it's worth the other play that I think the tech companies enduringly have had the greatest impact is in the platforms space, either payments platforms or other kind of platforms, building on modern tech stack. So those are some thoughts in the marketplace. But -- so just a reminder, Capital One has got to stay on the forefront of innovation or we can be yesterday's news. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, John. So -- we are, of course, in the middle of litigation. So there's only so much -- I'm going to share in an earnings call about the various legal arguments being made by each side. But at a high level, Walmart has sued us trying to terminate the deal early, and we deny that they have a contractual right to an early termination. Walmart points to some service failures that we cured in 2022 and which had no impact on the value of the portfolio. Now in the meantime, we are committed to meeting our contractual commitments while we defend ourselves in court. And we will keep you updated on the litigation in our periodic SEC filings. With respect to timing of any potential impacts there are a lot of unknowns. There's the -- of course, the question of whether Walmart will win their litigation seeking early termination. And if so, when that will occur. We, of course, deny that they have a right to terminate early. Then there's a question of how long it will take for Walmart to transfer the portfolio to a new issue. We currently expect that the transfer of the Walmart portfolio to a new issuer would occur no earlier than January 2025, even if they win their litigation. So we will keep you updated if our timing expectation changes. 
Andrew Young: I don't want to limit myself to a yes or no, Betsy, given the framing of your question. The short answer is no. And I will spare you from the allowance tutorial answer that I provided a quarter ago. But really, the mechanics are -- we have assumed for the losses or reserved for the losses that based on the current balances, that were on the books at the end of the quarter, what we assume we will experience over the next 12 months. And so if you're just replacing loan for loan with similar characteristics, you wouldn't otherwise have a build. I'm getting -- if I'm interpreting the nature of your question correctly. 
Andrew Young: Well, Betsy, let me just clarify, and then I'll turn it over to Rich. When our guidance for efficiency relates to operating expenses, it is not a total efficiency point. And so it would exclude whatever choices we make in marketing from that calculation. But I'll turn it to Rich to respond to the broader question. 
Andrew Young: Yes, Moshe, it's Andrew. We look at a number of things as we are considering our capital actions. And so I've been saying for a couple of quarters now, we've seen an increased level of uncertainty in the economic environment, wide ranges around growth opportunities and everything that's happened over the last 1.5 months has increased that level of uncertainty. And so we continue to believe that it's prudent to operate above our 11% long-term target, both until we have more clarity, both not only on the economic front, but to the potential regulatory changes that may be coming down the pike, which could very well include treatment of AOCI in capital.  But of course, we don't know that yet. And so for now, we're continuing to operate above that long-term target. But suffice it to say, we have substantial capital generation capacity, and we regularly evaluate our plans in light of the economic changes in light of regulatory changes, we have the ability to pivot quickly in our deployment and certainly we'll do so when we feel like the time is right. 
Andrew Young: Well, Rick, let me just clarify first. And I'm assuming you're just looking at the net interest income trends in other, which does serve as a clearing house for FTPs, but happy to talk to you offline in more detail about this. But the basic tenets of the FTP process or there's an arm's length transaction between corporate and other and deposits. And so they're getting a prevailing rate, which shows up in the revenue of either the Consumer Banking segment or the commercial banking segment. And so there isn't a subsidy or drag going on there. There's just a number of other clearing factors that happen in other. 
Andrew Young: Yes. Let me start by talking about kind of what isn't in the disclosure that we provided because I know there's differences across various organizations. I mean as you know, Arren, that it's a little less than $4 billion and represents about 1% of our total loans, but this is our commercial office space. It is excluding, as you probably saw in the footnote, medical office and REIT and REIF medical office just has very different characteristics and so 2 does that's REIT and REIF.  So in terms of the commercial office portfolio on our books, it's roughly 2/3 concentrated in New York, D.C. and San Francisco. It is roughly 60% B, C and obviously, 40% Class A. And so it has been accumulated over time, but it also was a business that up until a few years ago, we were active in, but we haven't had any new originations for the past few quarters and reduced our exposure to this segment over the past year by a little north of I think it's 10%. But given right now just the uncertainty that we see with office vacancies being elevated and utilization rates significantly below pre-pandemic levels and increasing debt service burdens despite the fact that we are getting 100% payment on principal and interest just in light of the continued uncertainty that I described just in terms of utilization and other factors. We decided to increase the coverage ratio quite a bit this quarter, and that's what you see in the disclosure in the back. 
Andrew Young: It would, Bill. I was responding to what I interpreted to be Betsy's question of just individual vintages being the same, similar to what Rich just described. That in and of itself if you have a consistent growth rate wouldn't add to allowance. But if we're updating our assumptions a quarter from now and our economic view changes that will likely change our estimation of the loss content of the portfolio at that time. 
Andrew Young: Well, as I said in my talking points, Sanjay, I think that is something that we do expect to remain at least elevated compared to pre-pandemic levels. So yes, I would -- that's probably where I would leave that. 
Andrew Young: Yes. Why don't I start with the second one first, which is -- if you look at our AFS AOCI, about 40% of that will pull to par between now and the end of '24. In terms of capital targets, I absolutely would not say it's a mechanical linkage that we are thinking about our capital targets inclusive of AOCI. There's a lot of uncertainty of regulatory treatment. It is not included in our regulatory ratios at this point. I just referenced that, that is one thing that we look at in addition to a number of other factors inclusive of just economic uncertainty and our growth opportunities. And so for now, we've been operating above our target. We're going to keep an eye on those things. And as we have more certainty of the future, we have a lot of flexibility with how we return capital to shareholders, if that's appropriate. 
Andrew Young: Well, I'll go in reverse order on that one, too, because the beta will feed into the NIM response there. I'll remind you of my comments from a quarter ago, where I talked about cumulative deposit beta for the overall company could be somewhat higher than the last rate cycle, which was 41%.  I think a quarter ago, our cumulative beta was in the mid-30s, where we sit today, it's 44. It is hard to predict how much further deposit betas will increase from here. There's a number of unique factors, especially following the events of the last month that makes predicting betas a challenge. Everything from product mix to the market in competitive pricing, if there's really intense competition from more insured deposits and just the sheer magnitude and pace of Fed fund hikes is unprecedented and what happens to on the other side when the Fed eventually starts lowering rates, and all of this is happening in the context of a Fed that's executing QT.  So where we go from here is going to be impacted by a number of factors, customers' appetite for different deposit products, our focus on customer relationships, industry competition, funding needs. But I will say, given deposit pricing tends to lag asset yield resets. I wouldn't be surprised if there's at least some upward pressure on beta from where we were in the first quarter. So as I then pull that into thinking about NIM over time, that is likely a potential headwind for us, particularly in the near term given the lag of deposit pricing, where wholesale funding costs go could also be a headwind. And as credit continues to normalize, we could continue to see revenue suppression. So those are a few things that will potentially provide a headwind to NIM from where we sit today. But on the other hand, there's definitely some tailwinds even though my response to Sanjay's question in the real near term, I would think our average cash position will stay elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels, not necessarily relative to what we saw in the first quarter. But over a longer period of time, that will almost assuredly come back down and eventually be a tailwind for NIM. We also could see a growing percentage of revolving card balances and in the immediate term, keep in mind, we'll have one more day in the second quarter. So I know that that's a lot of headwinds and tailwinds, but just wanted to give you a sense of all of the forces that play there. 
