Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. For the second quarter Capital One earned $830 million, or $1.50 per share, and had a return on average tangible common equity of 11%. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.48 per share. Net income was down $285 million driven by lower linked quarter pre-provision earnings and higher provision expense. Pre-provision earnings decreased by $233 million versus the prior quarter as higher revenue was more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses. Provision for credit losses increased on a linked-quarter basis as lower charge-offs were offset by a larger allowance build. We had non-recurring costs of $225 million in the quarter. We have included an appendix slide in our earnings presentation available on our website illustrating the impacts from these items to key line items and ratios in the quarter. Non-recurring charges include: restructuring expense of $147 million related to the realignment of our workforce that we recently announced internally. We expect a modest amount of incremental non-recurring charges later this year from site closures related to this activity. We also added $78 million to our U.K. PPI reserve of which $37 million was captured as a contra revenue item and $41 million was captured in non-interest expense. The increase in our U.K. PPI reserve is driven by complaint volumes declining more slowly than we had previously estimated. The refund of PPI fees and interest is an industry-wide issue and there continues to be uncertainty as to how these exposures will play out. Estimating future complaint levels is difficult and there is the potential that more complaints will be filed in the future than we are currently estimating. As always, our 10-Q will provide further details on the factors we consider in estimating our reserve. Excluding the impact from the restructuring charges and the build in U.K. PPI reserve, earnings per share in the quarter were $1.78 and our efficiency ratio was 54.6%. Turning to another legal matter. In the quarter we recorded a $36 million benefit from reducing our reserve for representation and warranty claims. This reduction was driven by a recent High Court ruling in New York regarding the application of statute of limitations. We also expect that the ruling will result in a decrease to our reasonably profitable rep and warranty exposure by approximately $500 million from the level reported in March of 2015, but that calculation will not be finalized until the 10-Q is filed next month. As outlined on slide four, reported NIM decreased 1 basis point in the second quarter to 6.56% as lower investment securities and loan yields were partially offset by lower cash balances and additional day to recognize revenue in the second quarter. We continue to be above the fully phased in LCR requirements as of June 30, 2015. On slide five you can see our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.1%. On a fully phased in basis we estimate this ratio would be approximately 11.8%. We reduced our net share count in the quarter by 5.5 million shares, or 1%, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We entered parallel run for Basel III Advanced Approaches on January 1 and we continue to estimate that we are above our 8% target. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, Ryan, hopefully this will be a repeat to what we've been talking about for a while, but I think as you say, it continues to be a source of difference. So let me talk in particular because most of this is driven by Card and focus there. As we've mentioned, our allowance is built off of three components: the loan balances at the end of the period, our 12-month forecast going forward, and qualitative factors for risks that aren't covered in the models. As mentioned, and we've talked about this for a while, we're in a growth period for Card. So that growth, all else equal, is going to be pushing up the allowance. And even more precisely we've given you a sense for what's going to happen to charge-offs. Our current allowance right now includes the – if you think about it, there's a rotation that happens every quarter. Our current allowance includes expectations for low NACO losses in the third quarter of 2015. We talked in our guidance of around 3%. And if you think about it, at the end of next quarter we will replace the third quarter of 2015 with the third quarter of 2016. Remember we have guided now consistently – there's not been a change in outlook for our loss content in Card. We've guided consistently over the last couple of quarters that we're going to be in the mid-to-high 3% in the fourth quarter of 2015 and higher from there. So all else equal, even before loan growth, just a quarter swap would mean an allowance build next quarter. And the same thing happened you can talk about this quarter. Now I always have to put in that qualifier of all else equal. Changes to our underlying loss expectations can have a real impact on allowance build because it happens over the next kind of four quarters. So it's really the combination of growth and our outlook for charge-offs that's going to ultimately work its way into changes in allowance.
Stephen S. Crawford: Well, there's kind of plusses and minuses and a lot of it obviously depends on which side of the balance sheet you're talking about. I mean, in general on the positive side we've moved to a higher mix in Card. That's probably been something that's been a help to net interest margin. I would say yields more generally across the portfolio have been going in the opposite direction.
Stephen S. Crawford: And clearly, if we saw a canary in a coalmine, I don't think you'd be seeing the type of growth that we're currently seeing in the Card business.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. Look I think the thing that you should really focus on in trying to forecast the primary drivers of provision are obviously charge-offs and allowances. We've given you a little bit of help on charge-offs over the near term. And the two things I really want you to spend your time on in terms of the allowance builds are really the loan growth expectations and the charge-off replacement phenomenon that I talked about. Qualitative factors can be important from time to time in terms of adjusting over the next 12 months, but I think if you focus on those two, that's going to be the most important factors.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Sanjay, the growth in the Card business is a very similar story to what we've been saying for some time now. We're seeing good opportunities and growth across the segments that we are growing and that we are investing in. In our Card business the loss content is similar to originations we've been doing for quite some time. The losses of new originations are higher than our highly-seasoned back book just because that back book was profoundly seasoned by anybody who survived the great recession and the very extended period of low originations for us and in many ways for the industry. So off of an unusually low loss back book, we are seeing very good origination opportunities and it's really more of the same that you've seen from us for a long period of time.
Richard D. Fairbank: It's not across the board. It's a little more isolated, but it's a similar phenomenon we've been talking about for some time, but we, of course, are making the choice to be very consistent with our own underwriting here.
Richard D. Fairbank: No. I mean, we're intrigued with frankly all of the startups in the financial services space, one category of which is the online lending and peer-to-peer lending and so on. The numbers involved are small relative to the magnitude of the balance sheets and originations. To most of us it would be probably hard to see that. I also do want to point out that most of this lending on the consumer side is focused on installment lending and that's not an area we're doing a lot of origination in. So we certainly don't see any direct effect. It would be hard to measure indirect effect. But even though we may not see much of an effect, we certainly have a real interest in watching what goes on in that space.
Richard D. Fairbank: Let me say a few things about the efficiency ratio. As you know and probably looking at our own conversation over the course of this year, it's hard to precisely predict efficiency ratio, but what we wanted to give investors a sense of that there really are tailwinds and headwinds that are competing pretty strongly with each other. And the recent growth that we've done in the card business, for example, is certainly a positive force. Offsetting that, of course, is the – what we'll do in terms of investing in card growth during the year next year. And a pretty big component is the digital investment as well and some of the other things that I mentioned. The – in terms of how these play out, the card growth will ultimately be beneficial to efficiency ratio as growth moderates. And the investment in digital – a lot of banks are talking about digital in the language of whether the expenditure – how the investment in digital compares to the cost saves. We are not primarily motivated by cost saving with digital because I think that's about fourth on the list of things that the power that digital provides. Right now, it is still a net negative and probably for an extended period of time measured purely by cost, digital will probably be a net negative. But even then on the cost side, we're seeing benefits already in statement and payment processing, telephone servicing costs, workforce restructuring that you saw, branch efficiency, data storage, a lot of things. But the bigger benefits are things beyond that that show up in terms of better credit risk management, faster product development, and ultimately, the kind of growth that you're seeing. So the reason that we took the time here to lay out efficiency ratio guidance was just to give you a sense of the commitment that we have to investing on the digital side and the commitment that we have to seizing the opportunity on the card growth side. And I think both of those factors are going to be significant enough that we don't see a lot of opportunity for the efficiency ratio to go down in the near term. All of – during the same time, we are working incredibly hard to save costs in one, minus those two areas, and I think today's announcement is a manifestation of some of those efforts.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bill, IRRs are probably on the higher end, but still in the range of the kind of IRRs we've seen going back for an extended number of years now on our originations. The primary thing is the magnitude of origination opportunity that we see. But it is also the case that the octane measured in terms of pretty much any way we measure it, but most importantly by, ultimately, the NPV, NPV per marketing dollar, IRR and various things is on the higher end.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, Chris. Yeah. Let me start with the interchange. The net interchange metric can have quite a bit of quarter-to-quarter variability because it includes partnership contractual payments, it includes international card. And we periodically adjust our rewards liability based on customer trends and redemption rates and things like that. So as such in any particular quarter, there tends to be a lot of noise around that. But if you sort of pull up beyond the quarterly noise, you're absolutely right in pointing out that net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth. And – or purchase volume growth. And we would expect this trend to continue. In many ways, it's really a byproduct of the success that we're seeing. Our rewards programs have been and continue to be enjoying a lot of growth. We are making the choice to upgrade a lot of our customers to these products. And we're also extending reward products to existing customers who don't have rewards. So if you look at the effect of all of those together, that's why interchange growth is – lags purchase volume growth. And I think that while that will bounce around for quarter-to-quarter, I think – and over the longer run, those two metrics will converge. I think it still will be some time before they fully converge. And with respect to the alternative lenders, for example, small business lenders, we're very intrigued with some of these startup companies. I think that they have demonstrated a lot of innovation that – from which I think we can learn a lot at Capital One. The way that they do their underwriting, obviously the digital capabilities that they have, in a number of cases, they're using very sophisticated and interesting data analytics. The way that they do cash flow-based underwriting, the way that they do the daily collections kind of thing, there's a lot of very creative activities going on in that particular space. We're watching it carefully. And we – and we'll continue to see and learn from the people that are leading in this space.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, first of all, Matt, you are right that while overall generally, the mix is about the same, there has been a very small increase in the subprime mix. But overall, when we look at our originations, when we look at the strategy that we have, there's a real consistency. And the phrase I say, sometimes the more things change, the more they stay the same in terms of how the opportunities we're pursuing and the nature of the growth that we're getting. When you ask the question what is the canary in the coalmine with respect to this business, obviously we look incredibly carefully at the metrics that begin on the origination side. So we look at the nature of the mix of applicants that we get and that tends to be an indicator of whether there's positive or negative selection. And then we track very closely every single month all of the metrics and early indicators of whether there are any issues. And at Capital One we predict outcomes before, during and after every single origination. So we monitor this incredibly closely. You also know that in things like the sub-prime space, we have about more than 15, approaching 20 years' experience in this particular space. So what I would say for it would be the same as I would say for any part of the Card business. We watch very carefully for adverse selection, we monitor the metrics extremely closely. And we stay mobilized to move and also to let our investors know when things change relative to our own expectations. But all that said, we continue to see really across the Card business a stability in the competitive environment, a stability in the origination environment, a stability in the consumer and their own behavior and really a stability in the vintages of our originations.
Richard D. Fairbank: So, obviously, that business we're very, very closely monitoring and on numerous calls recently we have been talking about that segment. One of the benefits of the upstream oil & gas business is the ability to do the borrowing base redetermination. So loan balances were down 6% from the prior quarter as a result of the spring borrowing base redetermination and our E&P borrowers decreased their balances to conform to the lower commodity prices and oil field services companies reduced their balance sheets. So we've pretty much seen across the energy business a pretty darn quick reaction by reducing expenses, particularly capital expenditures and taking advantage of the receptive capital markets. So all of that said, obviously you don't have to look very far to notice what's happening in oil prices and the volatility and risks there. So the allowance builds that we've had for several quarters now have been significantly driven by energy as well as in the taxi business as well, but that one we'll really have to monitor carefully. But we do like some of the inherent resilience dynamics that exist, particularly in the upstream part of the business as they move quickly to adapt to the oil pricing pressure.
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, I don't have the metrics right in front of me, but I think there is a gradual migration away from a revolving towards the transacting side of the business, but I don't have a metric in front of me, nor do we report that. But just looking as you can see the pretty eye-popping growth in purchase volume, that would be consistent with that.
Richard D. Fairbank: Betsy, so this has been a gradually running off revenue stream ever since we stopped originating new payment protection in 2012. And that will continue to just gradually run off until the event happens over the course of the first quarter. It won't be on a single day. It'll happen over the course of the first quarter where we basically shut down the back book business. And so from a run rate point of view where you'll see that effect fully is starting with the second quarter. And what we're saying is relative to full-year 2015, this is a 25 basis point effect. I wouldn't look for any specific thing to offset that. It's one of many, many things that affect revenue over time. Our point is other things being equal, that would take down the revenue margin by 25 basis points. So we have a very healthy revenue margin. We have great things going on in the business, but we are not intervening to do something on the revenue side to offset this. What we're doing is really just accelerating and getting over with something that was going to happen anyway over the next couple of years.
Richard D. Fairbank: As you can imagine, it's a very good question, Rick, because of course this is many vintages and various effects all happening on top of each other. I think the best way to think of this is that the majority of our originations and growth is from new account acquisitions. Just a general observation, the majority is coming from new account origination and the very natural early balance growth associated with that. And a sizeable minority is coming from credit line increases on more seasoned books, but we are approaching an equilibrium with respect to those effects. I flagged several quarters ago that we had a bit of an outsized credit line increase going on because we had had a brownout for the period preceding that. And we are pretty close to an equilibrium now, maybe just a little bit still of residual from on that credit line increase side. But what you see is approaching an equilibrium with respect to the mechanics of how growth works.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, thank you, Sameer. Digital is becoming so all-encompassing into how life works and how the business works, it's increasingly difficult to even in a sense technically answer your question. But we don't start with a thing that says, okay, we have X million dollars to spend on digital and that is it. So what we do is we start strategically with the environment and say where is the world going and what does winning entail as the world goes there. And we work backwards and then develop a strategy and we figure out where we need to go as a company. And along the way you can imagine that digital is a centerpiece of that entire strategic agenda. And so everybody from the bottom-up builds the economics of their business working backwards from where they're trying to go as a business, and all of that adds up to our overall economics. We see if it makes sense. We drive incredibly hard to wring out costs that are not directly related to digital innovation and growth. I know you can't necessarily see those effects, but they are very significant, as are the digital investments on the other side. But I'd just like to stop and reflect a little bit on what is it that we're investing in, because I think a lot of banks say, and I've heard several of them say it, we're going to sell funds as digital investment. And so you tell me how much you can save and that's how much we can invest. That is a really, really tough way to take any institution I think to where it needs to go because the marketplace isn't waiting for us to do that on those terms. But on the other hand, we're not just investing in science experiments or seeing what's new and shiny object. When we talk about digital investment, it starts with talent. We're talking about bringing in top engineers, product managers, designers, data scientists often from tech companies and startups outside of financial services. And this is a very important thing and obviously it costs money to do that, but that's a foundational thing. We're talking about providing the digital workspaces and the most modern tools for these folks that's essential in terms of recruiting them and essential in terms of leveraging them. So often I think banks when they think about digital, they think I've got to go build apps, we've got to get customer-facing or associate-facing apps. Most of the leverage is really in infrastructure in terms of things like rationalized and simplified core infrastructure, increasingly we're focusing on cloud computing and building the underlying capabilities such that product development will be faster and faster and more effective over time. We're obviously investing in terms of product development itself and we're on an accelerating basis shipping product and you can go to the App Store and take a look at some of this stuff. It's pretty highly rated. We're investing in cyber security. This is an incredibly important area and we are putting a lot of very top talent and a lot of energy and investment into that. But the key thing is, this is not because we think this digital thing is cool and there's opportunities someday. These are delivering benefits right now on many fronts. While you can't necessarily see it in the numbers that you see, but the enhancements to productivity, the power of innovation, the dramatically growing customer experience benefits and it's inextricably linked to the growth that we are generating right now. So pulling way up from that it doesn't really start with this is the number. It's really increasingly sort of who we are and how we think about the business. So pulling way up, what we are so focused on is making sure that we can generate very strong returns for our shareholders and continue to invest in a future that has very strong returns for our shareholders over time. And right now we see right in front of us two very, very big opportunities. One of them is card growth and the other one is this digital opportunity. Both of them involve spending money to make more money later, but at the end of the day, I go back to the thing that we focus on every single day. How can we create value for our shareholders today and ensure that we can create value for them tomorrow? And the way to do that is to generate well above hurdle-rate returns, to make sure that our investments are very disciplined and driven by a net present value framework to the absolute most rigorous extent possible, and be sure that we are really obsessive guardians of capital, and in the end, distributing capital to our shareholders. So that's a long answer to your question, but I'm glad you asked because increasingly digital is who we are, and it's where the leverage is.
