Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Matt, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live on the Internet. Something that's not quite as usual in a time of social distancing, we're each webcasting from our own home, so please be patient with us if there's an occasional awkward pause or dog barking.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any additional follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available to answer them. Matt, please start the Q&A. 
Jeff Norris: Hey, John, I'm sorry. John, I'm sorry to interrupt you. You're breaking up. We can't understand the question. Can you…
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well, I think that wraps it up for this evening. Thank you for staying with us. Thank you for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be available later this evening to answer any further questions. Have a great evening.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening, everyone. Before we get into first quarter results, I'll begin tonight with an overview of COVID-19 and its impact. In roughly the last two weeks of the first quarter, the world changed abruptly as the spread of COVID-19 accelerated. Like all of you, we're watching with empathy and gratitude as people and communities take extraordinary action, care for the sick, support first responders and slow the transmission of the virus. At Capital One, we're focused on the well-being of our associates, our customers and the communities we serve, and we've fully mobilized to do our part to make an immediate positive impact. Enabled by our technology transformation, about 80% of our associates and 98% of our non-branch associates smoothly transitioned to remote working arrangements and are now securely and productively working from home. For our associates who must be at Capital One location, we've taken steps to improve social distancing, adopted flexible attendance and leave policies and increased hourly pay. For our customers, we're offering a range of forbearance options and taking steps to make it easier for banking customers to access their money while social distancing.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. This quarter, there is an obvious recurring theme in each of our businesses and for the company. First quarter results reflect two distinct time periods: January 1st through mid-March before COVID-19 impacts took hold; and the last two weeks of the quarter when COVID-19 drove sharp changes in many metrics and trends. Pre-COVID-19 results generally show solid momentum and strong performance on growth, credit and efficiency that have put Capital One in a strong position. Post-COVID-19 trends show a clear inflection, but there's too much uncertainty to simply extrapolate recent trends. With that context, I'll pick up on slide 10, which summarizes first quarter results for our credit card business. Pre-provision results were solid in the first quarter, with continued year-over-year growth in loans and purchase volumes. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic card business, which is shown on Slide 11. Domestic card ending loan balances increased 8.4% year-over-year, driven by the addition of the acquired Walmart portfolio. The emergence of COVID-19 impacts late in the quarter caused a deceleration in the growth of ending loan balance. First quarter average loans grew 11% year-over-year. First quarter purchase volume was up 8% from the first quarter of 2019, with strong growth through most of the quarter partially offset by sharp declines near the end of the quarter. By the end of the first quarter, weekly purchase volume was running at a year-over-year decline of about 30%. Consistent with industry trends, our largest declines were in travel and entertainment, restaurants and discretionary retail. These category decreases were partially offset by an increase in spending at supermarkets and discount stores. Through April 17, weekly purchase volume continues to be down about 30% year-over-year. Revenue increased 2% year-over-year. Growth in average loans was offset by lower revenue margin. The revenue margin declined 129 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2019.
Richard Fairbank: So, Betsy, good evening. The Walmart integration has really happened. And so we have a wonderful working partnership with Walmart, really exceptional. And they -- I've been struck by how much they appreciate the importance of the card in their business and in their future digital business opportunity. And so we've been optimistic for what this partnership can be. At the moment, financially, the partnership is dominated by the economics of the back book portfolio that we acquired and that's fully integrated and that's performing as expected. And we have been working very hard with Walmart to put in place the elements and the channels and the opportunities for originations. COVID-19 coming along is a bit of a challenge in the middle of this, and so probably that business will, like all of our businesses, probably be subject to some of the demand impacts and changes that I mentioned relative to what typically happens in a downturn. But we're still very focused on moving forward with them. And what I'm struck by also is the -- we take the very same perspectives on how to manage credit in this environment, where to find the opportunities. And so we'll be continuing to move forward.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Thanks, Don. So the first thing that I think is striking -- well, from my experience across several downturns and then thinking about how to interpret this downturn, of course, we haven't seen anything as precipitous as this particular one. But a couple of things tend to naturally happen in cards. The lower purchase volume, obviously, very striking, particularly in this downturn at this point, but lower demand for credit, lower requests for credit line increases, and I want to pause on that because I think there is a intuitive logic people would think, well, wait a minute. When customers feel the strain of a downturn, surely, a lot of them have to be beating a path to try to get more credit. And what I've seen in the past and what we're already seeing here is that consumer behavior tends to be in general one of battening down the hatches a bit, being more conservative, increasing their savings if they have an opportunity to do that, sometimes paying down debt. Now, obviously, there's a huge gradient across customers. But I just wanted to say that our expectation and what we're seeing in a matter of weeks is something that is left on the demand side, and I think -- I would guess that during the period when consumers feel a lot of uncertainty, I think that at least for that period of time that demand will be less. It's also really quite plausible that as things settle out on the other side, consumers will still carry that cautiousness with them. We saw some of that after the Great Recession that there were some behavioral changes in that particular case. Then I want to overlay on top of that what we're doing at Capital One. We're making here very, very early and into the, sort of, free fall period of the economy. We're making choices that are right out of our playbook in downturns and certainly, I think, make a lot of sense of this downturn, tightening our extension of new credit to avoid the heightened risk of adverse selection. And then we're also pulling back on near-term marketing in response to the decreased opportunity at this very moment for quality growth. And, of course, the decreased marketing has a bit of a -- that will itself flow into a little bit on the growth side. So the combination of these natural trends and our actions put downward pressure on loan balances. Now, I really want to stress that this is a moment in time and this is how the market's reacting, the consumer is reacting and the choices we're making at this moment in time. We have really structured our business and our playbooks to be always testing and looking for inflection points and to see where the opportunities can come and we will pounce on them when they do. One other thing, I want to say is, it's not like there's going to be a single inflection point and then suddenly sort of the -- the sun is going to come out. The way opportunities will emerge, will be probably really quite sloped by product area. We found, across business lines, the sort of inflection point varied by many, many months in our business. And then it will vary by segment, probably by geography. So right now, it's the time to be cautious. And -- but we're very, very closely monitoring where opportunities and -- where and when opportunities will present themselves.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Let me talk about the -- let me start with the marketing first. So right now, we're pulling back in a number of areas to avoid the heightened risk of adverse selection. So these areas include some pullbacks in digital and online origination channels, direct mail; on the advertising side, certain product-oriented national advertising. At the same -- we're continuing to originate through some channels. We are -- but we're also continuing to invest in our brand, although the overall brand investment is down, and we are at full levels of marketing on our national banking side. In fact, the whole -- most of the things that are going on, the incredible importance of digital banking experiences the -- just about all of the trends are sort of consistent with an acceleration and the kind of things, we’ve been looking towards consumer behavior relative to our national bank. So we’re -- saw a green light on that one. So and again, I am talking moment in time and these things are lines of coming calls like I have always said, so this is not -- these are not predictions of sustained set of choices we’re making. I am just sharing with you the choices that we are making in this particular phase of this downturn. So relative to expenses overall and we have wonderful momentum in our company, and in our businesses and in our tax transformation. So the very immediate choices are more around choices of credit risk in the margin, the marketing that we're doing, we are tightening up on hiring and tightly managing operating expenses as we continue to monitor the trajectory and character of this downturn.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think we -- the rewards marketplace was very competitive in terms of offers and early spend bonus and things like that, but it kind of settled out into an equilibrium. With purchase volumes down and probably for most card issuers, some tightening up in this very moment. I don't think we would -- I think that I would expect the competitiveness to be, in terms of products and product offers, to be probably stable. The intensity of the competition is probably going to lighten up just probably because people are going to cut back on marketing. And certain of the products, when you think about it, for the reward industry and for Capital One, are oriented towards the things that people aren't able to do right now; travel, entertainment, dining, and a lot of things like that. So, I think that this will be a period where I think issuers will be focused on meeting the needs of their customers and be planning for opportunities when things change. And opportunities can emerge much sooner than the entire economy recovering. Again, as I said, this is a segment by segment and situation by situation kind of thing. So, we're already working to figure out where opportunities, individual opportunities can be there, possibly even that have become bigger opportunities because of the situation the world is in.
Richard Fairbank: John, the -- I think the -- what's striking about the fiscal stimulus here, where there are many things probably striking to all of us about it. But when we've gone back and specifically calibrated to the Great Recession, I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but I was struck by the fact that the benefits for those who get like unemployment benefits, the unemployment benefits are higher. It's across the -- across a range of relevant incomes, the entire line is higher and the eligibility is significantly higher. So those two things are -- it's hard to quantify how much of an impact that will be because no one can quantify how much of an impact it was the last time. But intuitively, I think that effect can have quite a bit of impact in a good way on people's ability to weather their individual storms and make it to the other side. With respect to subprime versus prime, the first thing I always say is, I think if I showed you the -- by income, if I -- prime or you take, prime and subprime, you've got at the top of the market, there tends to be some very high income folks. But I think you would be surprised that there's not as much slope as one might think relative to things like income on -- across our business as you move along the credit spectrum. There is some slope, but not all that much. All of that said, though, the fact that I think the government is working hard to create a safety net for people who don't necessarily have all of the buffers some people might have in life and the fact that that net is extending wider and broader -- or deeper, I think that that will -- should have a pretty positive benefit for consumers and their ability to, among other things, pay their bills and their credit card bills. And I do want to say that while it's only a small number of days of data, we could see in our payment rate, some -- a spike-up around the time -- those individual checks were coming in. So that could be a short-term thing, but that would be confirmatory of the intuition that we would have.
Richard Fairbank: Well, an interesting thing is, we are probably in the best position in America to have a calibration about -- because we not only have a digital bank, we also have a branch-based bank in some of our geographies as well, and so we certainly can see the calibration. There is -- look, the first thing I would say is there certainly are a core of customers who still need and want to -- well, they very much want to use the bank, and we've been able to keep most of our branches open by -- like 75% of them by having drive-through and some glass windows for some social separation. So we've certainly seen a continued volume there. But if I pull up, I think that this moment is some people say they predict, gosh, people will have very different behaviors on the other side of this moment. I'll make a different prediction. I think this is going to be an accelerant to the behaviors that we were all, as a society, heading for anyway. And the advantage, I think, that the banks who have really driven their customers to digital and built the capabilities that can help a customer pretty much do everything digitally, It was always where the world's going, but I think it's just an acceleration of -- the bell curve shifted in terms of, I think, the number of folks. This is me talking more intuitively than empirically. But this is why I said earlier when I talked about, we're going to keep our foot on the gas with respect to the marketing and the investment in our national banking strategy because, of course, what that is -- as I've often called it, we're trying to build the bank of the future. And I think that years in the evolution of America and consumer behavior possibly just got compressed here.
Richard Fairbank: No, not a single bit. I mean, we are incredibly well served by our move to the cloud, the ability to scale up for some extraordinary things that have happened, so many things. So, the cloud strategy, the technology transformation, everything about it, we felt this experience is validating. With respect to the data center exit itself; we are on the very same timing of later this year. I mean, we are already fully in the cloud. So, what -- but the data centers are still open because there is -- you think once you get out, well, then you just -- you're done but there is a period of much of a year to actually do all the wind down activities associated with the data center. So, we're 100% in the cloud, and the wind down is going right on schedule and we're talking later this year and the associated economic benefit of those moves.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Rich. Capital One lost $1.3 billion or $3.10 per share in the first quarter. Net of adjusting items, our EPS loss in the quarter was $3.02, driven by a $3.6 billion allowance build. Turning to Slide 4, I'll cover the allowance in more detail. The adoption of CECL increased our allowance by $2.8 billion, as of January 1, 2020, in line with previously communicated expectations. Our first quarter allowance build of $3.6 billion consists of $2.2 billion in card, approximately $600 million in auto and approximately $700 million in commercial. We modeled several economic scenarios and then we added some judgmental overlays in determining our allowance. The most heavily weighted of these economic scenarios included a sharp increase to a peak unemployment during Q2 2020 of 9.5%, followed by an improvement into 2021. I would encourage you not to get too focused on the headline unemployment rate because it was just one of the many variables impacting our allowance.
Scott Blackley: Hey, Betsy, thanks for the question. I think that the -- I would start off by saying the reserve -- when we topped up the reserve at the end of the quarter, we actually didn't go and do another model run. We just did an overlay. So I can't get too precise in saying like, 'Hey, here's a specific number that I would tie to our reserve in terms of unemployment level.' And just in general, in terms of how to think about the reserve going forward, I would just say that, that may not be quite as simple as just taking the headline unemployment and tying that to the size of the allowance. I just was talking about the fact that we did do this late add to the reserve based on some of the worsening economic forecasts we had. And then the second thing I would just say is that we've got -- I think we're just going to see a lot more data in the next 90 days before we have to close the books again. And thinking about kind of the path of the country's response on the virus, how the consumer is going to react to all the stimulus, and we'll actually also have some credit data by the time we close the books next quarter, which, of course, we're going to use all those things to refine our allowance estimate. So at this point, I'd really like to see that data before I speculate on where the allowance might be added.
Scott Blackley: Sure. Thanks, Sanjay. So just starting off on E&P. On -- or excuse me, the energy business. So that business you see in the slides is really predominantly an exploration and production business. And when we did the allowance, we based a lot of the allowance on where the revenue stream that those producers are going to have, which is basically the forward oil prices. And even with this near -- the short-term disruption, that was all about spot prices and not so much about the longer-term prices. So I wouldn't get too worried about kind of that short-term disruption in the market. Overall, when I look at that industry and where we are and what is going on with just the incredible reduction in the use of oil and gas, I would just say this. When we set this reserve up, the significant portion of it, we added some non-specific reserves, these aren't reserves associated with specific names that are struggling. We did a pretty healthy amount of qualitative reserves, just based on the risk of a number of these names just continuing to struggle. So I feel pretty good about the level that we put in there in spite of everything that we've seen in the last several weeks. And then moving on to your other questions about kind of what is going on with the commodities. So Capital One has a business which does some commodities trading on behalf of our customers. And our net exposure to commodity price risk is de minimis. We did ask the CFTC for a temporary relief from being designated as a major swap participant, which is the lowest level in that regulatory hierarchy. And we did that mainly because there could be some -- the price volatility could move some of our positions into levels that would trigger that registration. And we really do appreciate the speed that the CFTC granted relief for us and against not having to necessarily register. However, because the request was really broadly misunderstood in the marketplace, we did notify the CFTC that we're not going to rely on that waiver, and we're going to go ahead and register if derivative volumes reach the threshold that would require us to register. I just have a couple of other comments there. So, one, our commercial bank does not engage in speculative derivative trading. Since 2015, we've provided, as I said, commodity price hedges as a service to our oil and gas customers. And then when we do these trades, we basically have back-to-back trades. We enter into a trade with our customer and we enter into an offsetting trade with Wall Street, and so we're really sitting here in a very low-risk position. And I would just say, at the moment, there's no outstanding margin calls. We reduced our risk exposure to commodities essentially to zero. And you can look in our 10-Ks and Qs and see that this is normal hedging activities. And if there's any updates there on that, we'll point that out there. But hopefully, that clears the air there.
Scott Blackley: I think that Eric, the thing I would just say there, so one, the loss sharing in those arrangements, we only recognize in our allowance and in our charge-offs our portion of the loss, and some of these loss sharing arrangements, we've talked about that the Walmart loss sharing arrangement includes significant loss sharing. And so as a consequence, we -- it really does decrease the amount of coverage that is necessary required to cover our portion of those losses. So, while the book itself may have losses that are appropriately reflective of the types of customers that are in there, we end up having a much smaller portion of losses that we recognize and our coverage levels are appropriately lower given that relationship.
Scott Blackley: Well, we did -- I mentioned this, we did make some adjustments to our modeled reserve as we closed the books in the first week of April. I really want to just emphasize that I -- we have certainly seen some scenarios, particularly economic scenarios that are more severe than what we modeled. But on the other hand, we've seen more stimulus that's been brought to bear since then as well. And I said this earlier, but I really think that we -- it is very hard for us to predict where this -- the allowance might be headed. There's such an important relationship of government stimulus and hardship programs that really are going to work to help offset some of the economic challenges that we're seeing right now. And I just -- I don't have a good sense about the allowance going to be bigger or smaller. I really just want to see a little bit more data before we have a lean in either direction.
Scott Blackley: Yes, Bill, thanks for the question. So, obviously, there are different scenarios, that's a starting point. I won't go into all of the differences there. But just kind of a few points as you think about, if you're calibrating us against others. The first is that when you think about our allowance versus the way the Fed models DFAST, one of the issues that impacts that comparison is that the Fed uses industry average recovery rates. And as I mentioned last quarter, our practice is to work recoveries, which results in a longer tail, and that's really important under CECL because in CECL, you take the undiscounted recoveries as an allowance offset. So our CECL recoveries, I believe, are going to be quite a bit higher versus the Fed and their industry average recovery rates. The second point I would make is that when these partnerships that we talked about that have loss sharing arrangements, that meaningfully reduces the losses that are attributable to Capital One. And we only have to allow for our portion of those losses in our allowance and in our provision. And so that is how we do our resilience and modeling processes. While we don't have visibility into the Fed modeling approaches, I don't think that the Fed necessarily gives us credit in DFAST for that offset because they've historically not collected all the data necessary to make those adjustments. So just a couple of factors that you should consider in terms of how we sit relative to others.
John Hecht: Okay, that's very helpful color. And then a separate question is tied to the stay-at-home situation or have you seen any different types of behavioral action, given the  digital bank…
John Hecht: Okay. The question, as we've been on  type of environment for a while, have you seen any behavioral change with respect to interaction with your consumer bank? And -- pretty heavily in that opportunity.
John Hecht: Yes, particularly given that we're stay-at-home situation and you're going to have a greater opportunity to interact with the digital -- over the digital channel.
