Gary Perlin: That’s fine, Bruce, happy to go through it again. So in terms of year-end 2009 to year-end 2010, we expect ending loan balances to be down mid single-digit percentages. In the first quarter, we were down nearly 5% or about $6.7 million. So we’re pretty close to where we said, we thought we would be by the end of the year in terms of the overall balance shrinkage. Now, to break that down into the segments, what we said is, that we expect another $4.5 billion worth of decline between now and the end of 2010 coming from a run-off in installment loans, that’s a couple of billion dollars. In mortgage that’s maybe another $1.5 billion and the reduction in auto outstandings would be another $0.5 billion or so. So that’s the decline from here to the end of the year, about $4.5 billion. Just about offsetting that would be loan balances in our revolving credit card portfolio and in our commercial book, particularly in the revolving credit card portfolio, we’ll continue to have an elevated level of charge-offs. So in effect, we’re going to have to grow that both to cover the involuntary attrition that comes from the charge-offs as well as two offset some of the decline in the other businesses. So, all told, year-end 2009 to year-end 2010 down in the mid single digits. Again, it will be a little more -- bit more in terms of average outstandings and quite frankly, will probably remain near the bottom of the (inaudible) for a couple of quarters, before seeing that growth at the end of this year and then into next year.
Gary Perlin: Right. Yeah. We have revises our outlook from mid 15’s to 15 and while there are several kind of moving pieces there, essentially that’s kind of the impact of our estimation of the reasonable fees. Although, of course, getting full resolution of that still awaits us. But yes, that was the effect. So the, a lot of our competitors have given numbers saying the Card Act, the cost of the Card Act is ex $100 million. And I find that when we listen to that, I’m not sure, how to interpret that number because there are so many effects that go on. And so what we tried to do, Sanjay, for you is just try to guide you to a destination. Because the destination incorporates all of the combined effects of impact and counter actions and a lot of things that, so I think it would be – it’s most useful for us to really focus on that. And so again, kind of hitting the highlights of the revenue margin, we, before, if you go all the way back to before all these changes began, in some ways our Card Act, I mean our revenue margin was in the 15%. And then the great recession came along, the regulations came along and we got to an unusually elevated level that you see at 17% really because of three factors. So we’re kind of at the peak here and I want to kind of savor the three factors. One is re-pricing in advance of the Card Act, one is revenue benefits from improving credit, so that the fee and finance charge releases that we’ve been getting here and the third is the decline in this rate percentage because during the recession we haven’t been doing very much marketing. So the margin is going to go down to 15% because of really three factors. The implementation of the Card Act, not getting the reserve releases that we, as much that as we enjoyed in, say in a quarter like this one and the resumption of marketing with these rates. And the impact will be somewhat progressive in that thing like, you start to get partial quarters of effects like we had the partial impact of the partial quarter of the impact on over limits then we get the full quarter impact and then a third and fourth quarter were going to get a partial and then full impact of the reasonable fees. But we’re pretty confident about the destination of being around 15%, obviously subject to the final interpretation of reasonable fees.
Gary Perlin: Hey, Matt, it’s Gary. We have in our credit card business been at a 12 months coverage ratio for many years. So there’s no real change there. And in effect, now that we’re post FAS 166, 167, would you can assume is that in effect our allowance is going to be relatively close to the expected losses over the subsequent 12 months. So effectively, what you’re seeing from quarter-to-quarter is kind of a refresh of the view that we have for the next 12 month horizon and again, we’re covering, 12 months worth of expected losses in card for the balances that are on the books. Obviously, every product has its own period of coverage, but by and large that’s what you’re going to see now that we’re post-consolidation.
Gary Perlin: Hey, Steve. Yeah. Look, first of all, think of the suppression as kind of the provision equivalent for fees and finance charges and as you suggest, in the first quarter, pretty much all of the reduction and the suppression was in the finance charge and fee reserve and think of that like an allowance, okay. So, we’re definitely seeing those numbers come down. The big reasons for the big step change this quarter were two fold. First, we assessed many fewer fees and we’re not going to suppress unless we obviously are assessing the fees and fees were down in terms of assessments because of lower over limit fees assessed in line with the Card Act. A continued decline in the overall balances and frankly, continued general improvement in consumer behavior has had a downward impact on the assessment of penalty fees, so lower quantum of fees is driving that reserve down. Secondly, like with an allowance, the credit improvement that we’re seeing in loan principal, we’re also seeing in the delinquency rate on finance charges and fees. So with the improvement in the consumer credit behavior there, that’s going to draw down the need for reserves. So in that case, we could see further declines going forward. I would be surprised if we saw a step change as large as this one. Again, it’s being impacted by the one-time effect of a major change coming from the Card Act. But it could continue to come down. Finally, in terms of where we’re going, I would certainly believe that the finance charge reserve will always exist. In fact, the redistribution of income suggests that’s going to be a larger portion of our business. So, yes, that number will go down and go up over time. But I think going forward, we shouldn’t expect to see a big step change like we did in this past quarter.
Gary Perlin: Sure. I’m happy to do that, John. Let’s start with the cost of funds. Obviously, we need to have a view about where rates are going and let’s assume that, today’s yield curve is getting accurate reflection of future rates, meaning that they’re going to be going up. I think that that means that there is considerably less scope at this point, for continued improvement in our cost of funds. So I would say, again, assuming the curve is a good predictor of where rates are going in the short run. I’d say there’s some room for a modest decline in cost of funds over the balance of 2010. We do have some continued run-off of higher cost term funding. That would be in the form of auto securitization and some of our retail time deposits and at the margin, as you can see, we’re replacing all of these maturing funds with lower cost but the deposits. So I’d say in the short run room for a modest decline in cost of funds, compared to the improvements we’ve seen over the course of the last year or so and from there on it’s really going to be a matter of what happens to the curve. Now, in terms of operating expenses, what we said at the top of the house, that you should expect to see that operating expenses, that is non-interest expenses minus marketing, should stay on an annual basis with a little bit of quarterly up and down, should stay more or less constant from 2009 to 2010. And essentially what you’re seeing there is continued investment, particularly in the infrastructure of our bank as we move towards full integration, really trying to get traction there. And that will be offset by continuing efficiencies that we’re having throughout the company, continuing the benefits that we’ve seen from some significant efficiency work over the course of the last couple of years. So top of the house, you should expect to see operating expenses stay in and around current levels with a little bit of quarterly variability as you saw up in the fourth quarter, down in the first and we’ll see a little bit more that over the course of the year.
Gary Perlin: No, Moshe, sorry if I give you that impression. Again, if you constantly look at suppression as the being the equivalent of the provision, there was not a lot of movement in actual reversals or recoveries. So almost all of the change in the suppression came about as a result of decrease in the finance charge and fee reserve, so think of it as kind of an allowance release for fees and finance charges. So that’s where all of the change was and that again was driven both by the lower level of fees that were actually assessed, as well as improvement in delinquency rates on the finance charge and fee receivables we have now.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Matthew. You know, we are on the way toward more normal levels of marketing over the next several quarters. The reason it’s a ramp and not an immediate step up is really two factors. One, we’re carefully watching credit metrics. They’re really still are a lot of consumers in week situations out there. And the second and most important factor is demand is strikingly weak. And you can just feel it as we originate. You have this kind of odd situation fairly weak demand and relatively lower levels of competition as well. I think, one of the toughest things for us to predict is what is going to be the strength of demand going forward. It’s clearly kind of weak right now.
Rich Fairbank: Well, the Card Act, let me separate supply and demand. On the supply side, I’m bullish about the impact of the Card Act. Because we’ve spent a decade feeling like we’ve one arm and one leg tied behind our back choosing not to market in whole parts of the card business because we were uncomfortable with the practices in both the market clearing price from the credit point of view and especially the damage to franchise, building a franchise that we felt some of those practices entailed. So we’re from a supply point of view feel that the Card Act is a very good thing for Capital One because it returns underwriting back to where it was in the 1990s, which is it’s all about up front underwriting and not about the re-pricing that follow after the fact. So we feel good about our relative chances and I also think that Card Act is going to put a much greater rationality to the nature of the competition. And so again, on the supply side on that, quite a bit more bullish because also in terms of revenue margins and our business model, I think we feel things are relatively intact. The wildcard is on the demand side. On the one hand, consumers are deleveraging. I think that, there has been an awful lot of noise about credit cards in the paper every day. It will be still to be determined how much demand there is on the other side of this and also to do have the growth of debit cards causing some modest encroachment into card territory. On the other hand, however, history shows deleveraging tends to be cyclical things and also, we don’t have one of the biggest factors that held us back in the last decade and that was home equity loans were a massive cannibalize of really good core card growth. So, I look at it this way, I mean, while there’s a big variance in our own view of the outcome in terms of demand. I’m just assuming it’s going to be flattish, industry growth will be flattish to possibly negative sort of a things stabilizer. But I’m just making that up. The thing that makes me bullish is that while I’d love a rapidly growing industry, the most important thing is being able to have a relative competitive advantage and a level playing field in the industry, which, paradoxically the great recession and the great legislation if you will have sort of rendered that. So I’m very bullish about that and we just have to see how demand comes out.
Rich Fairbank: Yeah. Chris, of course, the rules were fairly recent in coming out relative two over limits and opt in. I think our view is that we’ll take a differentiated approach in parts of our portfolio and just not offer them. In other cases offer opt in, but it’s a little premature to conclude where that comes out. But our overall expectation is that over limit fees are substantially down versus the old days and we’ve build that -- we’ve put that into our planning. So you should assume that as well. Significant reductions in over limit revenues and for us it’s part of the redistribution of how the revenue model works in the card business. And it’s between what’s happened on the over limit side and our expectation with respect to the Card Act with respect to reasonable and proportional fees. There is a shift in how the revenue model and pricing structure in credit card works from away from back-end pricing toward front-end, upfront APR and in some cases annual fees. And I think there’s a lot of benefits to that model. It’s important, one of the things that I most have my eye on is to make sure that the industry price is high enough for resilience. Because the thing that I don’t think is getting enough attention is some of the resilience diminishment in APR re-pricing that comes from the Card Act. And so, I’m bullish about the redistribution and the strength of the revenue model as the business changes. But we also are putting into our planning a fact that the expectation that resilience will be somewhat diminished.
Rich Fairbank: Yeah. Well, the small business portfolio is really very much just one of the business lines that we have within our card business. It’s been very successful for us in the past. It has weathered the recession pretty will. And but you point at something that I think an important and I think overlooked issue. The Card Act is not hasn’t, it’s not fully directed at the small business credit card marketplace. But it is our expectation that in the end cards to consumers and small businesses are going to have the same destination and we would manage with that expectation.
Rich Fairbank: Henry, I think that we have carefully crafted our strategy to try to achieve what is the most important scale in banking, which is local scale. And so if you notice with the acquisitions that we’ve done, we have gone into attractive markets with a starting position that really has -- is well beyond the threshold scale and has a real shot at being one of the ultimate large players in each market. And that’s extremely important for an institution that’s not of the scale of the really large banks. So our big focus right now is on pulling these banks together, building a scalable infrastructure and what the regulators would call top 10 banking capability, which is something that’s really quite different from what any bank of the size of the banks we buy, there at a very different level of scalability. So it’s a big effort to pull this together and create sort of truly scalable infrastructure and that is we’re will along in the process of doing that and that’s a very top priority. Along the way, we are really building up the capability to be able to grow our bank within our local markets and generate significant deposit growth, loan growth and ultimately growing returns. So that’s the top priority. Now, it’s not lost on us along the way that a lot of banks have been struggling around the country and that there could be opportunities for particularly attractive deals. I mean, you saw that in fact during the great recession we bought Chevy Chase. We always take a look at things like that and but I want you to know that it’s not a sense of manifest destiny. We’ve got to get there any particular market. The real sense is, the manifest destiny we’re pursuing is to make sure that we’ve a very well running scalable bank that’s able to take advantage of the considerable unique advantages Capital One brings to the table to leverage a large customer base, a huge national lending business, a national brand and the kind of information based capabilities that we have.
Rich Fairbank: Thank you, John. I mean, we, if you look at the trust data, our mix of sub 660 business is really quite similar to the other players. So, there’s a lot of, I think, everybody has a different strategy, but in the end I think that the subprime percentage interestingly is very similar. Our mix over, the over the last year or so and probably consistent with my expectation would be flattish to declining a little bit in that marketplace. So it’s certainly not something we are planning to leap into and where you would see a big change. As we -- a thing that I said earlier was that after the great recession and the great regulation and legislation in a sense, when we look at our business model, other than a redistribution of where pricing comes from, which generally by the way is a healthy redistribution that I embrace for the marketplace, the same strategies that we were pursuing before in the same segments are pretty much what you should expect from us. And so, the biggest wildcard to me is, the two biggest uncertainties going forward, which are really not about mix, because I think our mix, I would expected to be pretty similar to what it’s been over the past number of years and it’s been pretty stable for a quite a long period of time. The biggest uncertainties to me our consumer demand, like I talked about and that one we can argue all sides of it, so well just have to see. And the other very important one, Mike, is pricing in the revolver segment. Go to pricing. Because in the -- in this last past decade, the industry has slipped through its practices into a rather weak underwriting habit of originating at low rate and letting re-pricing take care of it on the other hand. It is profoundly important that our investors and our industry understand that this is not how it’s going to work going forward. Will they never be, there will still be re-pricing in the sense, there can be forward re-pricing and in its own natural way that will always be a component of the business. But the defining issue is that while people can use teaser rates all they want, the go to rate of APR has a very important destination importance to it that it used to have in the ‘90s, but sort of didn’t have so much in the last decade. We’re watching that like a hawk. We’re watching it in every single state segment, every signal sub-segment. The good news is that is going up from the beginning, this first couple of quarters of 2009 to the first couple of months of ‘09 to 2010 has gone up 300 basis points that’s a good thing, while the prime rate has basically stayed flat. So you can see the market moving. So the other thing that’s going to impact our growth will be watching where that destination go to rate goes to and we’re going to be managing our business very much building resilience into our pricing. How much growth we have in particular segments is really going to be driven on whether the industry prices prudently. So that’s the other one to watch. And when all the dust settles, Mike, I think probably our mix of our business and the type of things we’re marketing to the customers, we are marketing is going to be pretty much the same.
