Richard Fairbank: Okay, Don. I'm really pleased that the Card business is starting to see more traction. One thing that we said all through the CARD Act as it was unfolding and being implemented is that our business model is going to remain intact not only in terms of the revenue margin of the business but actually, the business model that we have. So the more things change in some ways, the more they stay the same. There's been a redistribution of the revenue model for all players and more move toward very upfront pricing and a return toward a greater emphasis for the industry, which we're so pleased with. The leverage is really sustainable, upfront underwriting. The businesses that we've spent so many years developing are now thriving again. So similar places along the credit spectrum. And for us, it's a matter of taking all the subsegments of the business and looking at the market clearing price and comparing that with what we need on a sustainable basis and sensitive to some of the limitations with respect to dynamic pricing over time that's going to be allowable in the business. And what has happened with -- let me talk about the marketplace for a second. It is very clear that supply has continued to rebound in the marketplace. Mail volumes are now back to 2007 levels. They are still at about 60% of the all-time high levels in the business. But don't necessarily be fooled by that, because there's much more marketing now on the Internet and things beyond what is captured kind of by the mail volumes. So my feel of the business is we're close to the competitive levels from the heyday of the Card business. For us, we find some subset to the Card business. The pricing is still below where it needs to be for resilience, and we're staying back in those areas. And in quite a number of places though, the price levels are such that we can generate attractive returns. So what I'm finding when I meet with my Card people, every time we meet with them, you can just feel a little bit more traction, a little bit more bounce in their steps and a little bit more validation that the consumer is stepping up and buying these products.
Richard Fairbank: Craig, yes. I mean, I think the fact that marketing didn't drop as much as -- perhaps the seasonal usual is a reflection of the fact that we see good opportunities out there. The kind of things that we are going after, Craig, are pretty expensive in terms of new account origination. I mean, the one kind of universal description I would lead you to on our Card business is that we're not focusing nearly as much on business that generates balance transfers and kind of immediate loan growth. What all across our Card business is very focusing on: the things that are the longer-term, lower attrition, really highest quality annuities. In almost every case, that tends to take us toward the higher cost to acquire and relative to some of our historical norms, and that's very advertising and marketing sensitive. So I think you should expect that our investment in marketing will continue to be pretty robust. The actual levels, of course, will depend on the opportunity, the magnitude of the opportunity as it continues to unfold.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Brian. Well, our long-standing policy, of course, is we don't talk about specific potential targets. Let me just talk generally about our philosophy of acquisition. I've been saying for a long time, internally and externally, that a recession is a bad thing to waste in a sense. There's no doubt the Great Recession will give rise to a lot of properties that would otherwise not have been for sale and also create many of these opportunities at prices that are dramatically lower than they would have otherwise been. So as a general strategic premise, we've had an interest in capitalizing on that, given the strength of our position as we go through the Great Recession. As we've commented to investors, we tend to look more broadly than a lot of players. A lot of banks are focused only on banks. And we certainly look at banks. We have looked at lending companies and asset portfolios, partnerships. And what we are very focused on, growth platforms and very strong financial plays. And we've been through quite a few of the processes associated with these things. You know that we don't have much to show for it, and hopefully, that's inspiring to our investors in a sense that we've been very financially disciplined. And in fact, the only acquisitions that we've done since Chevy Chase have been on the partnership side. Kohl's, Sony, Hudson's Bay type of thing. So we'll continue to look. We'll continue to be financially disciplined. And I would reiterate that I do think, over the next 18 to 24 months, the Great Recession will continue to give rise to acquisitions that otherwise really wouldn't have happened.
Richard Fairbank: Brian, our confidence about growth is mostly from just looking at internal things that are happening in our business. If you start kind of conceptually from the outside, thinking about growth before I talk about inside and our own results, I think it's an unclear picture about the growth trajectory of the Card business. The consumer has been deleveraging, although the consumers' extent of deleveraging is now kind of stabilizing. And, of course, we've enjoyed the benefits of consumer deleveraging as a contributor to great credit. The Card business, it's a bit of a different Card business now. The industry has been battered. The consumers -- I don't think the consumers fully demonstrated how much collectively they're going to step up and be the same consumers they were before with respect to cards. We'll have to take a look at that. One thing I do want to say though, is a kind of quiet effect that I really think is a big one that's going to be in favor of card. And that is that, I think one of the biggest things that took a chunk out of the really high-quality credit card market in the past decade has been this meteoric rise of home equity. And obviously, that competition is going to be a shadow of its former self. So I think, conceptually, we're bullish. We're cautiously optimistic about some return to modest growth for the card industry. We're not really planning on it or counting on it. The thing that gives me a bounce in my step is the things that I see internally. Because as we go segment and subsegment in our business, we're just seeing, based on, of course, the testing that we do, pretty consistently a pattern of steady moderate improvement in response rates, coupled with very strong performance of the actual origination programs. So we're pretty bullish about the return to moderate growth in the Card business. But the thing I want to point you to is I don't think that the full bounce in our step that we have about this won't immediately manifest itself in the metrics that you see necessarily. Because this time, a lot of the things we're doing does have the slower ramp, the longer-term -- I mean, a little bit longer paybacks and its really longer, very high-quality annuities. Where I think you will see this show up over time -- yes, it will include loan and revenue growth but a little bit slower for each vintage than before. You already see the significant growth in purchase volume, and that's very indicative of some of the emphasis we've had on the top end of the marketplace. But also, I think, what you'll find over time, that the enduring strength on credit is going to be increasingly driven by the performance of recent vintages as they because the majority of the portfolio. So collectively, we feel quite optimistic about the opportunity to really create value in this business.
Richard Fairbank: Chris, I appreciate your comments about how slowly but surely, and sometimes maybe a little too quietly, our results have shown through. And we're certainly well positioned for opportunities from here. I think it's not necessarily our style to go out to the highest mountain top and trumpet, "look at this and look at that" Particularly, you can hear a little bit of my caution this time, that so much of what I'm most excited about is stuff that more gradually makes its way into the metrics as opposed to very dramatically doing that. But I most certainly take your feedback to heart. And Gary and I are very committed to making sure that we get our message out there to all of our investors in a variety of different forms. And I certainly think we'll have a lot to tell and I'm -- yes, go ahead.
Richard Fairbank: I'm not sure that we have any magic answers to stimulate consumer demand. The one thing I would say -- but I want to just comment for a second that I think all of us, internally and externally, can sometimes be measuring the -- our standard of the ability of the company to grow value is really kind of driven by how much can we, say, grow the loan book. And I think that the consumer is paying us in value creation in pretty profound ways by their current behavior. And we need to be pretty careful what we wish for. So for starters, the absolutely just astonishing -- and I've been doing this for 22 years -- the astonishing divergence of credit performance from the economy is really extraordinary. And an important factor in that, I think, is the consumers' deleveraging and just being so careful. The second way, and it's a sibling of this, but a way that we find value can be so dramatically created, frankly, in this ostensibly weak environment is through the very, very strong credit performance actually of the people who are stepping up to get credit cards. And I think that we've been very, very pleased with the performance of some of our recent vintages. And I think that what is emerging is a healthier and more savvy maybe and discriminating user of credit cards. And I think that in terms of the opportunity, end of the day to me and Gary and all of our team, it's really not about how much we can grow loans. It's really about how much can we create value. And when we compare the kind of pound-for-pound ability to really create value on this side of the downturn versus before, we're finding just sort of total value creation per year as we measure, kind of add up all the NPV. And so even with the sort of weaker overall volume levels, we're pretty much getting to, kin our Card business, the places that we were years ago, over the heyday of the company. And there's a lot of value to be created there. It will show up a little slower and manifest a little bit differently with the metrics. And, of course -- then on top of that, we have the Auto business that is performing at the very high level. The Commercial business, where we have been had among the lowest charge-offs in the nation for the major players. Quietly, that's picking up traction as well. So I think there's a lot of opportunity even if it's in the context of a little less loan growth to really create value at the kind of levels that you were used to us doing sort of year-after-year in the middle of this past decade.
Richard Fairbank: That has been the haunt. Ever since I got into banking 22 years ago, this odd thing that the industry, for many years actually, and especially now, like, the hardest thing for banks, is to create assets. And I always say, is it really -- can't people find a way to give away money? But you really get to the heart of the thing that it's really about getting it back. And so I would, any day, choose an environment where customers are more discriminating and more challenging. But their behavior surprises us on the outside with respect to the strength of the quality of those customers. And so what I find is -- part of what's exciting me is a combination of a consumer that's in a very, very good place, surprises to the upside on the credit side combined with a competitive playing field that is dramatically leveled. And it really enables our company, who, at times, felt we were playing a bit with one hand tied behind our back, able to go out there and play with all of our limbs, using it competitively. The combination of those two things creates a very, very sound environment to create value for the company, even though paradoxically, it's in the context of sort of lower nominal growth.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, John. So I think that the -- So the credit quality -- look, I don't want to overdose on this point, but I do want to say credit quality, I'll comment two levels. First of all, credit quality overall, that shows up in our portfolio and our competitors' portfolio. This phenomenon, I call it divergence, because our card losses have declined 480 basis points since the first quarter of 2010, while unemployment rate has dropped only 90 basis points. That's a pretty dramatic effect. You probably -- in order of importance, I think the biggest factor is the unemployment is different this time. And what I talked about earlier, that longer-term unemployment, while a very serious issue for the economy, is less of a driver really of what's going on. And on credit portfolios and shorter-term unemployment, it's well off its peak. So that creates a positive performance. Secondly, the portfolio replacement effect is starting to get bigger. It's a very big deal in the Auto business. And I'll come back to the performance of our own little vintages to your question, but that one is driving things. Portfolio seasoning related to being on -- a lot of our book has aged past the peak loss period and the consumer behavior with lower debt burden. So the first kind of headline about the Card business is the portfolio of ours and our competitors performs better. A lot of the drivers of that are the same thing that caused originations, even in the context sometimes of not a lot of demand out there to perform better. And yes, to your point, sometimes you can get a little bit better performance pound for pound from the same kind of underlying credit metrics than you could at other times during the cycle. And that's really almost definitionally what positive or negative selection is about. I'm not saying there's dramatic positive selection right now, but we've had a lot of negative selection in the time leading up to the Great Recession. Finally, let me just talk about Kohl's and partnerships. You've seen a lot of movement in Capital One with respect to partnerships like Kohl’s, and you see it in Hudson's Bay and Sony and Delta in Canada, for example. And it's interesting, this really isn't a change in strategy for Capital One. We've always liked the partnership business. We're similar to what we do with acquisitions in general though. It really depends on price, and the pricing used to be almost insane in this business. It's become a lot more rationalized, and I'm talking about the bid price to get these portfolios. Many or most partnerships are uneconomic and not really a great thing. So the key is it's all about which ones. What we are doing is going after businesses like Kohl’s that are premier partners with great customer base, great customer loyalty, a real commitment to a card business that's not just for the retailer to be a big moneymaker, but really a way to drive better loyalty with their best customers. And so in being selective, we've stepped up to the plate. And a company like Kohl’s is really, to me, exhibit A in this. They are very, very committed to doing all the things that build a long-term, great customer relationship. And I find that we're essentially soulmates with respect to that long-term focus. And therefore, we find, as we sit down to make joint decisions on things like credit and how to build a franchise, we're completing each other's sentences. And I think that bodes very well. It's reflective of the whole focus of Capital One across everything we're doing, do the things that build the long-term franchise. And that's what we're doing. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, I think it's a really good point. One of our real friends -- and I know I speak for the industry here, I would guess -- one of our friends, quietly, during the downturn, has been retention. I mean, there's no doubt that attrition rates for us -- in addition to kind of the macro trend of Capital One to continue to build, focused more and more on those long-term franchise things, in addition, we've had the wind at our back with respect to retention. Because, I think, people during the Great Recession kind of wanted to hang on to what they have. We are expecting significant increases in attrition from here. I think that is very, very logical. I think that we can expect the cost to originate, accounts is going to be high, Moshe. And it's not lost on me that so many players are going right at, for example, the top end of the market, the heavy spender transactor part of the market. Obviously, you've seen Capital One with our investments in businesses like Venture and so on. And you can see it manifest itself in the pricing, not only kind of the amount of marketing, but Moshe, see it in reports that you feature every month. But we see in those markets teasers are lengthening. First, purchase spend incentives, related incentives, are rising. The amount of rewards given at the time of sign-up are going up. Foreign exchange fee is going down. And so these are all the manifestations of things that we have seen in the ebb and flow of competition for 20-some years. So to us, we start with the assumptions that the environment will be just as you described. And then to us, it's a matter of testing and validating that we can create real value in this context. And because of the effect that you're talking about, Moshe, we find that whole parts of the Card business, we have to stay back from because the market clearing price just isn't good enough. Part of my message here today though, is on a microsegmented basis. There are a lot of pockets of the market that still, despite intense competition, I think, are generating very consistent kind of NPV per marketing dollar and NPV on any metric as we've seen during the heydays and powered, again, by strong credit quality and long-term annuities.
