Richard Fairbank: I think that it will contribute to a - I think this window is still open but as I've been saying kind of every consecutive quarter you know this thing won't stay open forever so I’ll leave you with two points. One, we're still all-in in pursuing the window but I think that but let me comment for a bit just about the kind of natural physics that go along with the what's happening on the supply side. First of all just to comment on the supply side. You know after a number of years post the great recession where the growth of revolving debt was near zero or even negative, it is crept up in the last couple of years and now it is running at a 7% year-over-year rate and obviously that's a faster growth rate than the economy is doing. And if you look at this growth it is broad-based although subprime growth has picked up and is now growing faster than prime. So currently if you exclude Capital One's impact on the metric about 34% of the industry's growth is in subprime and subprime card loans are growing 13% year-over-year versus prime which is growing about 6% year-over-year. Now I really want to stress this is off – and particularly in the subprime side off of a - much lower base following the great recession, so let's just ground that a little bit. We went back and looked at the data here, prime loans decreased 12% from prerecession levels and they began growing again in 2011. Subprime loans decreased 43% from prerecession levels and didn't start growing until 2014. So subprime industry outstandings right now are at 74% of prerecession levels and prime industry outstanding are basically right at prerecession levels. So clearly the subprime growth is - happened later and its off of the lower bank but the growth has physics and that's what I know - I'm always focused on because when you have - consumers taking on debt and competitors you know supplying more debt that can affect both the volume and the selection quality of new origination, as well as of course you know impacting existing customers who along the way can take on more debt. So what we do when we see that is we just - we try to manage Sanjay in anticipation of this because we view it as the physic and we are very - we've always said we can't predict the economic cycle but we really can watch and react to the credit cycle which isn’t the same thing as the economic cycle. So we are very focused on resilient, we try to anticipate how supply changes end up making their way into the credit performance of who we might originate and if I pull way up on all of that, we can continue to make very conservative assumptions in our underwriting, we managed to a belief that we are now in the intense part of the cycle but even with all that considered we still see a important growth opportunity available for us, is the window of opportunity and we will continue to pursue it obviously with our eyes very wide open.
Richard Fairbank: If we are to buy this it requires a bank merger act application and approval. Now we and Cabela's all the parties in this transaction are working incredibly hard to make this happen and obviously with respect to our own AML order which is the thing at that needs to get to for the approval to happen here, we're all in working incredibly hard. We're working with Cabela's, we are very committed to this transaction and we believe this can be a great deal for us and for Cabela's Bass Pro.
Richard Fairbank: We still see '16 as coming in better than 2015 so our prior statement we feel viewing that the same way.
Richard Fairbank: Look what we have tried to describe to help our investors think about the credit card growth - the trajectory of credit card charge-offs is to divide it into two very different thing. One is what we call growth math which is the impact of - on the charge-off rate of the seasoning from a acceleration in origination. And the other is the general probably industry-wide affect that relate to the consumer, the amount of debt they're taking on and probably where things are in the economic cycle. We said for some time now that the - that our numbers are going to be dominated by growth math and we are we're still saying that but I'm also saying that we should just all understand we are kind of at that part of the cycle where the industry I think is off the bottom with respect to the exceptionally low levels of charge-offs that we've seen from the very, very seasoned portfolios, all across the industry. And so over the longer run our portfolio like all the card players is going to be - our performance is really going to be driven by this industry and affect but for now still the big story at Capital One is the seasoning of the - our front book and the math of how that plays out over - particularly over - as we played out in '16 and now in 2017.
Richard Fairbank: I think we have to take the holistic picture here. I mean I think it is the card business has been benefited by a number of years of having relatively low growth and particularly on the subprime side a big shrinkage and a delayed growth. So I think it's all has to be evaluated in the context of - from where it started and for how long it's been going in and where it's headed. So our primary point has been - look in the end this is physics. The year after year just amazingly low losses it is - as we've said some quarters ago this has to be the bottom, things are going up from here all of that said you know I think that - I mean we are still - we are pursuing growth opportunities and continue to be optimistic about the originations that we can generate., So again we try to adjust based on an assumption that over time things will just gradually normalize. We try to get in front of that anticipate that, make our origination choices in the context of that and this view that we carry around internally, we just share that with our investors. So I think we're still pretty bullish about the opportunity. But I've said probably a year ago, I said that when I cross-calibrate all the businesses especially the parts of commercial, the auto business and the card business that the card business was in the most benign and competitively benign part of the cycle and that auto and commercial were farther along in the competitive and credit intensity. I would say the card business is certainly, I think caught up to the others - the others interestingly have had a little bit of almost a low if you will, and some stability there but all of the businesses in pulling way out banking in general is still moving along towards the more intense part of the credit cycle. But I think card has caught up.
Richard Fairbank: I want to separate in a sense the intensity of competition around the heavy spender from the commentary I gave about lending. It's really in a sense two different business, the spending business and the lending business and both are competitive, both have become more competitive. But my commentary was really about the lending business because of the interaction between supply and ultimately the performance and things that make their way into consumers and credit performance and things over time and what I call kind of the physics of how cycles work. The spender business is one that when I get concerned about supply and the intensity of competition, it's not a concern that is going to ripple into the credit performance. It's all a matter of the level of competition. How much it cost to get accounts, how we go out and market to get those accounts. What is the prevailing level of rewards that people are offering and in the end what choices should we be making. So in the - so let me now comment about that business. That has also and it's - it will be a surprise to no one that say this, that has also become more competitively intense. You have seen some players on the cash back side kind of raise their offers up to a level higher than they were before and more consistent with some of the industry leaders there. You've seen probably the most intensity is come at the very top of the market going right after the very heavy spenders and that's a very priced customer segment. It's also very tough to prevail in that space, and that's very competitive. So we have said all along this - this market, I can't remember the last time I said that this market is not that competitive. I think it is very, very competitive and it is particularly competitive at this moment. Now when we look at this we - and you made a comment about our role in this whole thing, I mean as there are a few players who I think have gone very heavy into the spender business and we are one of them and all of us are contributing to that competitive intensity. But one thing I have found over the years and I believe so strongly about this business, this is a business that's about sustained commitments and building of a brand, building of a customer experience that is at the very high end a digital experience now that becomes very, very important in this thing, it's about the building a brand the marketing capabilities, and also product offer. Now we - it is not our view to just go rush out and just keep changing product offers constantly. It is our view that we need a very good offer, which I think we have across our businesses and then the leverage is in really being great across the dimensions that I mentioned. All of that said we continue while the competition is intense, to continue to grow that business significantly, we continue to really like what is happening to our customers when we get them and their balances, their utilization, the percentage that are first and wallet and a lot of characteristics that are key to the success of the program. So this is going to be competitive, I don't see a real course correction for Capital One here. I think that we are continuing to be one of the players that's going hard at this space and I think that we continue to see everything that we see is consistent where this is very value creating and generating of great long-term annuities.
Richard Fairbank: I feel great about our prospects for generating earnings power from the coiled spring of growth that really three years of growth in the card business, where we have gone all into seize the opportunity when we really like this opportunity and you have watched the, pretty breathtaking upfront costs of doing that particularly in terms of - on the credit side, both the front-loaded - the front-loaded nature of credit cost in what we originate but then of course that even being more front loaded by the allowance builds that precede that. So that creates quite a coiled spring of earnings power and while it is true that the industry dynamics always are at play here, I think there is a lot of coiled earnings power here and while the precise levels of exactly how would, how it delivers itself always depends on industry things too. This is a pretty big effect and I do look forward to having the in a sense the potential energy that's been stored up in this spring to turn into the kinetic energy of earnings.
Richard Fairbank: So I don't feel we're being forced to make a lot of incremental investments. We are certainly continuing to invest important places we're investing is as we talk, many, many times is on the digital side and it's - as I've said for a long time the digital transformation of us really into operating like a technology company that's not a one or two or three years thing that is, that is the transformation that - that in many ways the lifetime transformation because the world will continue to change. What I do want to say about that though is, while we continue to invest in that business. The very visible well, there are many benefits including growth and customer experience and ability to have an increasingly well controlled environment and compliance, the associated experience and all the stuff there are many benefits the meter, if you will of visible cost benefits that we're able to achieve directly as a result of the digital investments that meter is also growing too. So we don't have any change to share with you in terms of our outlook in the near term relative to efficiency ratio. But what we see – benefit that one of which is on the cost side, I think it is going to be a good guy that's going to help us over the long-term continue to achieve increased efficiency in the company, even as we also go out and capitalize on the enormous benefits that come from this digital transformation.
Richard Fairbank: Well first of all, I want to say the guidance is in the 52s plus or minus reasonable variant of uncertainty there. But so we do believe that we're continuing to capitalize on the growth window. I think our marketing investment is going to be still pretty significant when you look at the competitive levels on the one hand but also the opportunity on the other hand. I think marketing investment is certainly going to be there and I have commented on some of the other investments. But I think when you pull up on all of it, which is a growth agenda and investment agenda and a whole bunch of savings that are also happening in the mix master, it nets out to an expectation of efficiency ratio in the 52s over the near term.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So if you - so the two things - so seasonality we would expect to be the typical seasonality effect. We have talked about growth math on an annual basis that growth math being the upward, the upward pressure on charge-offs that comes from the seasoning of this front book of substantial originations. So, we've described, its biggest effect is in 2016 it still has an important effect in '17 and then it becomes pretty modest after that, that speaking one year at a time. If you look within a year it tends to move okay. That it's a bigger effect in the first part of this year then it is in the latter part of the year, just not as a seasonal thing, but consistent with the fact that this is gradually diminishing as an effect. So that, so that in addition to seasonality I think it's useful to put a little slope on the growth math effect over the course of the year.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. First of all, we should use a small letters not capital letters, with respect to this effect. It is - and we made a pretty big deal - we spoke with some alarm really about a year ago and you may remember it was in the year ago quarter that our originations I think our subprime originations dropped and then it dropped pretty materially at that time because we were alarmed about the underwriting practices that we started to see in the marketplace but not by most players but on a more isolated but important basis, we saw in one or two cases and it one or two competitors. That was more of a subprime phenomenon. It related to the amount of documentation and data that was going to be required to underwrite a loan and willingness to do it on a more low doc basis, which we didn't want to go there. That has not disappeared. That has mitigated if you will, so that we see the effect, but it is not as rampant as it was a year. So that is improving with a small eye if you will. Okay, but certainly don't - and then the other, the other thing that's going on I think in the prime part of the marketplace which has been very competitive in many ways, probably a little bit more competitive than cycle average, if you look at some of the effects on the margin side. I think there might be just a tiny bit of easing maybe about related to and I'm speculating here with respect to maybe certain capital requirements for players and the attractiveness of prime auto relative to that, this is again a relatively small effect, but certainly I would say the kind of steady - in steadily increasing pressure on the - competitively on the prime side has lightened up a little bit, but it's not, it's not a big effect but it was enough that we who especially when we talk about the auto business, we take what the market will give us and we don't take anything more than it will give us and buy and in the context of that, we've just found that this year it's got a little bit more to give us.
Richard Fairbank: No, so if you separate that effect, we have said even obviously that the bankruptcy accounting effect that raises the expected number for next year. If you take that effect out, we do still expect that our charge-offs will be higher next year than this year. This is actually just a continuation of the kind of normalizing effect it's been going on for a number of years. And as we've mentioned over the years, we have seen and probably over the last few years, just a - each year successive vintage coming in just a little bit higher in terms of credit losses than the year before all very much consistent with very good business and all of that and is again the natural physics of kind of how the marketplace works. And the other thing on Capital One's loss rate is that we have for years our prime percentage in our portfolio has been going up and so that has - that's been an offsetting factor in the loss rate but as we've said over a number of years, there is still this gradual normalization that's going on and we still feel very good about the opportunity in the business.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So first of all - and we've always said the quarterly this thing balances all over the place and this is - you can't draw a lot. So I want to talk a little bit about the volatility and then let's talk about sort of the bigger picture though trends that are going on. So quarterly it can fluctuate because an individual quarters we update our rewards liability based on points earned and redeem, redemption mix, redemption rates. It includes partnership contractual payments, international card, consumer bank net interchange. And so, there are lot of things that go into the quarterly number. What we have said is this phenomenon of interchange - net interchange growth being well below purchase volume growth, I think is something that while individual quarters can bounce around that is a real effect that's been going on for the last couple of years and we would expect it to continue. We're building a long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers, we're extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards very importantly of course we're originating a lot of new business with strong flagship products like Quicksilver Venture, our spot products for small business that have very attractive rewards. So our continued investment in the business and continuing to build a franchise that affect will continue. The other thing that has gone on – on a rolling basis over the course of this the past four, three or four quarters is what's happened with respect to a few a small number of merchant deals where interchange was renegotiated downward and that there is two ways that plays into our portfolio. One is when the interchange rate drops, obviously we feel that effect but there is kind of a lasting effect too because the handful of merchants where this interchange became lower are also growing faster than the economy. And so their growth will over time continue to roll through our numbers, so pulling way up, we continue to be very bullish about the opportunity to grow our spender business, all of our calculations are with our eyes wide open about the fact that net interchange growth is going to lag the pretty eye-popping growth. We've been able to get in the - on the reward side of the business, but when we incorporate the full economics of our spenders and we have years and years of experience with this and lots of tests and rollouts and many, many things that the integrated economics for Capital One given the franchise that we have built, I think continues to be very attractive even in the context where there is will be a delta between purchase volume growth and net interchange growth at least in the in the foreseeable future.
Richard Fairbank: It is coming from all of the above. It is definitely coming in some of the larger players. And I can't speak to their back books, what I can speak to is the good solid data we have on what is happening in the origination marketplace and there has been. And the data that I gave you, that is excludes Capital One therefore, by definition is the industry, but, and I think you've actually seen a player to comment on, stepping up a little bit here and I don't want to overdose with the point. This is off relatively small base. And it is in the context of some other players also growing probably across the board, all the way from the top of the market but there is a tail that is extending into the - below 660 marketplace that is real and these are real customers picking up more debt and we also validate this too when we look - we can follow the industry's trends with our own customers by looking at the credit - while beyond, looking at our own customers and what are their balances we look on collectively all of their credit bureau reports and see what's happening there. And we see that same phenomenon that is in the industry data, it would be shocking if we didn't. But we can see some increase and these are relatively small effects but some increase in indebtedness for example in our own customer base.
Richard Fairbank: Ken I think this annuity - look I want to go back to - this has been incredibly intensely competitive for a long time. We see that there is a flurry right now with respect to a few products, some breathtaking giveaways in terms of - for a period of time up front miles and things like that but the - first of all I just seen anything ebb-and-flow over time a lot. The second thing I would say is in many ways our own - when we look at these annuities in many ways they are improving every year for Capital One because of the investments that we're making to really build the business I want to go back to the part that I think you all see - the world sees so much is what is being offered in terms of rewards and obviously that has become more competitive. But the - for the last several years we've been offering pretty much the same rewards products and so you know we've already internalizing those economic. The reason I say this is an all in business that it doesn't work to just bounce in and bounce out is what incredibly important is things like the - how long these annuities last, what is the attrition rate, what is the first in wallet rate, what is the mix, the profile of how heavy your spenders are when you're getting them, what is happening to customer metrics on customer satisfaction, net promoter scores, the digital experience, and we have had nothing but progress year-after-year on this and our own annuities are actually getting better and better and actually more economically attractive. It’s not to say I don't worry a lot about competition and focus on that and we talk about it all the time but this is about franchises and people can't will themselves in the franchises overnight is taken us a number of years to build it and I have a lot of respect for the competitors who are going after this space and there's some great players that are doing this but this is attractive business for those who have built a franchise and I'm as excited today about it as I was three months ago, six months ago and one year ago.
Richard Fairbank: Ken you known me for many, many years. We obsess in the best of times. We obsess about everything credit because in the worst of times is too late to be obsessing about everything credit. So I remember one of our leading investor called me Dr. Doom in the 90s because I kept focusing on that even though we're in such an amazing kind of boom time. My point is these are all effects that play out over a course of years. My real point has been that just people need to watch all the metrics as I’ve been saying for a lot of quarters and we really believe there is power that you can manage - to say something I said earlier it's hard to predict economic cycles but there's a lot of leverage in managing within the credit cycle. And so I give you a calibration of where we see the marketplace is, it means that we add probably even an extra layer of caution in our own originations and in our choices to the earlier question does that impact growth. I mean in some sense all other things being equal it slows down growth a bit but with all of that going on a lot of - we've been talking about this and anticipating this interactions for a long period of time. So I still go back if I pull way up in this business we're very happy we see the growth window when it is been there. It is still there the competition is heating up, we're still going after it. We continue to build a coiled spring of earnings power that - there's a lot of upfront cost now but a lot of earnings power that is being compressed in this spring. All of this is in the context of an industry marketplace that is moved off the bottom, it's only got one way to go and over time it is just physics but we can't predict exactly how these will play out but I think that the - the earnings power and the growth math that are associated with how that plays out is a real phenomenon and I think has a lot of value creation baked into that. And we continue to be bullish about the business and about our prospects to deliver some nice numbers for our investors.
Scott Blackley: Yes, I think we experienced what I think a lot of other banks experience where the shape of the curve moved. That does go to other and it is a offset to noninterest income.
Scott Blackley: Yes, Moshe thanks for the question. I'm just kind of run through a summary of what we're doing. So the bankruptcy change is accelerating charge-off timing for certain bankruptcy accounts. So starting in 2017 within 60 days of receiving the notification of bankruptcy, we're going to charge that loan down to collateral value regardless of payment status. The net impact of that as you might be able to figure out is that we'll accelerate the charge-off timing and then we're subsequently going to have an increase in recoveries. So we would expect that over time, those things are basically going to start to offset each other. The change here is really an accounting shift and doesn't reflect a change in what we're seeing in the business for our expectations, recoveries or cash flows. We are still working through some of the process changes to implement that. So there's a bit of uncertainty as to when the exact impact will show up in charge-offs. You'll see this in a few other process change we're making, they’re going to start impacting the auto charge-offs really in the first half of 2017. You're going to see kind of a one-time larger impact as we process our current portfolio of BK loans. That will show up in the monthly metrics. We're going to put a marker on that so that you can see it. And then in terms of why, really this is something where I think our past practice has been pretty much where others have been in the industry. We're moving to a more conservative practice. I think that's really consistent with how regulators prefer big banks like us to manage things.
Scott Blackley: One thing - Betsy this is Scott, one thing I do want to clarify our guidance is that losses in 2017, are going to be in the mid-4s. I think you put out a point estimate we've intentionally used mid-4s.
Scott Blackley: I just want to pile on, I mentioned this earlier, but I just want to reiterate that the change that we made in accounting really was not associated with new or different view about recoveries or how we look at that and really was just moving to a more conservative process in that business.
Scott Blackley: Hi Chris, this is Scott. Yes, so on the international given that component of our total card businesses just gotten continued to be smaller and smaller, we no longer felt like it was important to material for us to break that out separately. So going forward, you'll see us having total card and Domestic Card. We're not going to separately break out Canada or the U.K. so you'll see that kind of working its way through our monthly metrics and the rest of our financial reporting starting with our 10-K.
Scott Blackley: Yes, I don't want to front run the process on capital, I think we understand the importance of capital return, I think we've been very creative in our process, whether it was - I think the first to use the de minimis exception last year front-loading, stock repurchases this year at attractive valuations. I think one of the things we're actually most pleased about is the fact that we've been able to put a lot of capital to work organically and acquisitions, which I know this is a market that particularly in the financial services industry, good growth has been hard to come by. So, I’ll end where were Rich ends, where Rich ended his prepared comments with the profitability that we have we believe we can both continue to fund growth and return a good amount of capital to our investors and we think we can do that even though there is still a fair amount of uncertainty in the environment with respect to the regulatory front. How CCAR is going to change, what's going to happen to Basel IV, Cecil, some of the other long-term factors that are going to drive the way we allocate capital.
Scott Blackley: Now you've got that right and just to kind of repeat that to make sure we've got that clear. So the allowance build reflected kind of the change that we saw in accelerating losses into the allowance window. So I think that's going to cover the vast majority of the effect. And so I mentioned, we'll start to see recoveries come in overtime and offset that increase. So, you will see a bubble in '17 and then you'll see that start to settle down.
Scott Blackley: Matt, we have really gotten into forecasting revenue margin by line of business. I think what we've done is kind of pulled up and look at the things that are driving margin for the company overall and general rates going to be a positive assuming forwards play out the way that they have that hasn't happened in the past, but I think there is more feeling that rates could actually mature the way that the forwards are expected. I mean if you look we've gotten benefits from a higher mix of card and a lower mix of mortgage. So I'll let you know make your own forecast there in terms of mix probably being a beneficiary. There have been some, as Rich mentioned these were throughout his comments there's also been a little bit of rate pressure on auto and normalization there. So it's kind of - the story hasn't really changed over the last couple of years. We've gone out and made big predictions about potential changes in revenue margin and ultimately they been pretty flat. So that's made us a little bit less bold. I think you have all of the factors that you have to think about the major things are going to drive net interest margin for the company.
