Gary Perlin: Yes, Sanjay, it's Gary. Just taking a look at the future, taking into account some of the run-off portfolios that we've described, taking into account the relatively high level of charge-offs and so forth, we have seen our balances come down. But as Rich and I have both said, we believe we're quickly approaching the point at which our loan balances should start to stabilize as we move towards the end of the year. Exactly what will happen to our investment portfolio balances and so forth will depend on other opportunities to deploy those resources in the market environment. But certainly from this point on, there's a good chance of seeing some stability in overall loan balances. That would mean ending the year lower than we started, but it seems as though we may be able to stabilize from this point.
Gary Perlin: Brian, it’s Gary. And your interpretation is exactly right, which is we expect the ratio of losses to delinquency to continue through the horizon that our allowance covers. Which for credit card, as you well know, is full 12 months. Exactly where it goes beyond that, I think is going to be affected by an awful lot of things, but we feel that it's prudent at this time to assume no improvement in that ratio, and certainly we're not assuming any improvement in the overall economic conditions for that matter as well.
Gary Perlin: Yes, Brian, as you look out over the next couple of quarters, it's pretty clear to see what's going to be driving pre-provision earnings. We know what's going to be happening to the card margin. Again, as Rich said, we've now got a full quarter impact of the change in overlimit fee regulations. We're going to start seeing the impact of the reasonable proportional fees guidance on our late fees. That's going to be driving our margin down. We've talked about the fact that we expect marketing to go up from these currently depressed levels. Exactly how much, it’s kind of hard to say. And we also know that with continued high levels of charge-offs and run-offs in our business, even if we are able to identify everything else correctly, we know there's going to be some decline in average loan balances for the next couple of quarters as well. So that's why the trend in pre-provision between now and the end of the year is pretty clear, because all of the factors are pretty obvious to us, and they're starting to play through. Our comment that we expect that you will see through the course of 2011 a path towards more normalized earnings means that we’ll get to our longer-term revenue margin. We will have less pressure on loan balances coming from reduced levels of charge-offs. We will obviously calibrate our marketing, as Rich said, to the opportunities we have to grow. And so it's kind of hard today to say where we will be in the middle of 2011. A lot of that's going to be around marketing opportunities and growth opportunities, but most of the other factors by then will have played through. Hopefully, we'll continue towards more normal loss levels. And that's why we say the trend is going to be down in pre-provision over the next couple of quarters. even though provision may be cushioning that. And then 2011 is when we should start to see the fundamentals really more clearly.
Gary Perlin: David, it's Gary. On the operating expense side, again, we had a few onetime items. We don't think we've really established a new run rate this quarter. About 2/3 of the increase were onetime items. We had a litigation reserve not related to rep and warranty. We had an accrual for some recently passed Canadian tax legislation and so forth. So that's what's affected this quarter. We think that you should really kind of take a look at the first half of 2010 as a whole. That's probably your better guide to run-rate expenses. And again, as we've said all through the year, OpEx in the year probably not materially different from where it was last year. Effectively, we’re getting the benefit of some run-rate efficiencies in some of our businesses, and we're reinvesting that in ongoing infrastructure and -- to try and improve our ability to serve our customers and build our returns in many of our business lines. So those are the onetimers there. Obviously noninterest expense will probably be more impacted going forward by whatever happens to marketing, because I believe operating expenses will be relatively stable. With respect to the rep and warranty reserve, David, again, we increased our reserve largely because we had extended the time frame over which we estimate our rep- and warranty-related claims and losses for the various kinds of claimants we have. And wherever we could, we’ve tried to estimate the ultimate liability over the remaining life of these exposures. Now the vast majority of repurchase requests we've gotten in the past year come from two groups: one is the GSEs, and the other are loans that are wrapped by some of the monoline bond insurers. With respect to the GSEs, they've got some reasonably predictable processes for identifying, submitting and settling claims. And provided that their past behavior is similar to the future, we think we have recognized most of our exposure. There could be some kind of quarterly variability due to ongoing adjustments, but only if there's a material change in the GSEs' behavior or if we had a material change in our estimate of future lifetime defaults is that number likely to change materially. The repurchased liabilities associated with monoline bond insurers and other potential claimants are less predictable and subject to a wider range of potential outcomes where we can. We have predicted those now or estimated those on a life-of-loan basis, but there's a little more unpredictability there. And so that is more likely to drive future variability, but for right now we feel we've got a very healthy reserve.
Gary Perlin: The difference between Q1 and Q2, David, again, is largely this methodological change. It's a life-of-loan losses, which was informed by significantly better data and better analysis, we feel, on what the potential loss content in the loans may be. It's not because of any significant change in the behavior of claimants.
Gary Perlin: Yes. Hey, Matt, it's Gary. I understand that news is coming out over the course of last couple of hours that suggests that the SEC is looking at least for a temporary solution to make sure that transactions can continue. As you suggest, Matt, for us, I think, there's minimal impact. We don't have any securitization issuance planned in the near future. We hope others can bring them to market, because we've been more of a buyer than a seller. But it appears that folks are acting pretty quickly to try and resolve the situation. I think probably good reminder that every attempted reform that we see, especially as big and complicated as the one that was signed into law this week, there can be unintended consequences. I'm not sure we expected to see them on day one, but we have, and hopefully, we'll develop the capacity to respond quickly. But as far as we're concerned, don't expect any impact.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, there’s no important change, Sanjay, on our growth outlook from the first quarter. With respect to marketing, marketing -- and our marketing levels are going to be very dependent on what the market can give us, essentially, really, what the demand is. We certainly prepared for ramping up our marketing investment, and what we're finding with the marketing that we're doing is it's generating the same kind of prospective returns that we've always had in our business. And we are growing the marketing gradually in proportion to the opportunities that we see. The real wild card out here is just how much and how quickly we're going to be able to grow them, because that's really a demand-driven issue. But we are comfortable that the marketing we're spending is generating the same kind of effectiveness and efficiency and return that it has in the past.
Richard Fairbank: Well, Bruce, the financial offset to the CARD Act really came prior to the CARD Act, and we've talked about that for many quarters now. So we feel a real stability in our outlook, for our revenue margin in Card. In fact, we've been talking about 15% for a long time now, and it looks like the business is very sure-footedly driving toward that destination. So I don't think in the Card business we're going to have financial offsets, any more financial offset. The big offset, Bruce, that awaits us, hopefully, in the Card business is the opportunities from the level playing field. And really my number-one haunt by far in this anchor-tenant business of Capital One was the -- how more and more we were -- felt like we had an arm and a leg tied behind our back because of pulling out of marketing in whole parts of the business and choosing not to do some of the practice our competitors were doing. So I think that, that represents a very substantial opportunity, but it also needs demand to accommodate that. So again, that is something we're very optimistic about. But I think -- so on the Card side, what we feel really good about is that we're headed for a destination of a revenue margin that is only a touch down from the kind of basic revenue margin level that we had in the years prior to the recession, with a much better competitive environment. And now we just need a little accommodation by the consumer. I do want to say that we got to be careful what we wish for, because frankly, the very same thing that is causing the weak demand, which is consumer deleveraging, is, of course, leading to the consumers to be paying down their debt. And frankly, while I and you would love to see demand pick up, something tells me in my gut we're probably better served by consumers making this choice. And really -- and that's the biggest driver of why credit has really, I think, outperformed the economy during this period of time. On the banking side, Bruce, with respect to the Durbin Amendment, I mean of course for Capital One, this is a much smaller stakes issue, just because of the relatively smaller size of our banking business. I know some competitors are stepping up to make a series of financial moves to accommodate some of these changes. I think we're more in -- we’re assessing the situation, but that's just not something that has a really big impact on Capital One. I think we feel comfortable that our banking business, our banking strategy, is going to be able to proceed.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry. Bruce, not that I know of. I think it is early at this point. Intuitively, I think that there could be some small effects, but frankly, if I were to predict, I think you're going to see consumer behavior relative to their cards, relatively consistent going forward. And the fact that the credit card was not a subject of the Durbin Amendment I think is certainly a good thing for us and not a coincidence, by the way, that, that happened. And the other aspects of the Durbin Amendment, the discounting and the minimum purchase provisions, I think will have relatively modest impact.
Richard Fairbank: John, I think the biggest positive has been the continued success of the business model that we really haven't had to change as a result of either the Great Recession or the CARD Act. And so we're doing mostly the same thing we used to do, and it's having the same kind of pound-for-pound success that it did before. And I'm very happy about that. Another positive is just the overall kind of credit environment. That's the context in which we originate and, of course, we'll have to see what the credit performance on our brand-new originations is. But I think everything we see suggests we're pretty confident on the credit side. The biggest negative, of course, is demand itself, as we talked about. And the other thing that's not a negative in the last three months, but I put a yellow flag of caution out there, is that the pricing -- kind of every quarter I talk about pricing in the marketplace and where it's going. We, because of the CARD Act and because of some of the practices of repricing that are no longer allowed, it’s been a very important -- because fundamentally, the industry is not going to be able to do retroactive repricing. It's very important that go-to rates essentially be destination long-term go-to rates. And so we've been saying for some time, keep an eye out, what competitors are doing vis-a-vis these go-to rates. And predictably, they started rising both in absolute and on an interest-rate adjusted basis over the period preceding the February implementation of the CARD Act and rose for a little bit after that. But they have sort of flattened out in the last few months. And for us, it's not an absolute thing. Are they at the destination they need to be? Or are they not? They are in some pockets, and they’re not in some pockets. Now there’s a new sort of overlay that has come into the decisions about pricing that we all make in the marketplace. And that is that the Fed's new rule, their implementation of this August rule-making that they did, requires a revaluation of APRs that were repriced in the 15 months prior to the imposition of the CARD Act prohibition on retroactive repricing. And the new rules require issuers to compare the pricing of their existing accounts that were repriced to similar accounts that they offer to new customers today. So I think the stakes of where those go-to rates are have been actually raised by that Fed ruling. And so, in other words, issuers’ go-to rates need to be very consistent with what their existing portfolio rates are. So that's a little yellow flag. We'll keep an eye on that. Overall by far, though, the big flag that we're watching is demand itself. That's the thing we worry about. We're comforted by the flipside benefits of weak demand, as I mentioned earlier. But we’re -- we feel very good about the ability to continue originating with our business model and with the kind of returns and performance that we've had in the past.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I mean, what we're doing is just watching the environment out there. I think if you kind of pull away up here, the -- it's not surprising with the game changing, dislocation in financial services from both the Great Recession and the great legislation, if you will, that there would be not only a larger number of sort of businesses and parts of businesses for sale but also potentially ones that wouldn't normally ever come up in the normal course of a robust kind of economy. So it's certainly not lost on us. In fact, the central part of how we think, that one of the rewards of coming out of the tsunami in one piece and ready for business on the other side is that we could be one of a relatively small number of potential buyers looking at these thing. So we are actually looking across the landscape here. And that landscape, I know most people tend to think of banks focusing on buying banks. I mean, we're keeping an eye on that. But I think some of the possibly more interesting opportunities exist in asset acquisitions, pieces of businesses or growth platforms that are being sold by other companies, as well as just distressed banks themselves. So I was more making a philosophical point that the very same conditions that lead to weakness in the banking industry exacerbate the weakness for all the weak players. So that I think in some sense a little bit of the silver lining of industry weakness is both the credit benefits I mentioned earlier as well as probably hastening to some extent the sale of businesses or pieces of businesses. So we’re just -- we've been talking about this for quite a long time. You noticed since the entire recession began, we've done exactly one acquisition, which was Chevy Chase. So we're being very, very selective, and we just, though, definitely are looking at these opportunity.
Richard Fairbank: Right. I think there are several things I want to say about the Auto business. First of all, the Auto business in many ways was one of the first businesses to really feel the pressure of the oncoming recession and was kind of the first one to turn the corner out of it. And it’s both causally linked to the same thing, and that is because that business has basically less than a 2 1/2-year average life for the assets. The fortunes of the business definitionally ride on the choices you made in the last couple of years. So going into the downturn, one was dealing with a portfolio almost entirely originated in the pre-recession period. Those tend not to be very good. And now the, as Gary mentioned, well over half of our portfolio, the significant majority, in many ways, of our portfolio, is business-originated with eyes wide open during the downturn. Now that is accentuated in Capital One's case by the dramatic repositioning of the business that we engineered at the start of 2008, where if you remember, we dialed back to an origination run rate that was down from -- it was at its highest point, $13 billion in annual originations down to about $5.5 billion running rate. But it wasn't just dial back randomly. This was kind of dialing back to the highest ground of the best parts of the business for us, the best relationships and a lot of other things, with very tight credit cuts along the way. This portfolio has performed extremely well, and it is, of course, now a growing part of our entire business. So along the way, as we've really stabilized that business and are very pleased with our performance, we are now growing originations, and that will continue. As Gary mentioned, because the back, the kind of the -- that goes against the run-off of the portfolio from the old $13 billion level of origination. So Auto won't feel like a growth business, but within what we're doing, it’s a -- the originations are growing. We feel really good about our opportunities there. AmeriCredit, that certainly was a blockbuster. I can't say I woke up today and say, “I bet you AmeriCredit’s going to sell itself to General Motors.” But as we’ve tried to get our head around that one, I think I want to be a little cautious in declaring the impact, but I guess -- I would probably guess in the near term, we don't expect to see a significant impact on our business. I mean, AmeriCredit’s already stated that it's trying to continue doing its business as usual. And it's already, of course, in a subvention relationship with General Motors already. I think, though, in the longer-term, we certainly believe that depository institutions will continue to be advantaged in the Auto lending space. And the GM acquisition of AmeriCredit likely will open up opportunities in the non-GM business that AmeriCredit currently does. Now that could trade off with some loss in current GM business for us. But I think all in all, we think this will be probably not a huge amount of impact or may actually represent a positive for Capital One.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So let me think about each of the four businesses, Henry. When did they sort of hit the bottom, if you will, of sort of their earnings? And when did they really start growing and growing earnings? The Card business, we've talked about -- Card business, it’s -- the reduction in -- Card business has to go through the reduction in revenue margin. And that's the most, I mean, that's really not a cyclical thing. That's the implementation of the CARD Act driving that. That, by sort of year end to beginning of '11, will be at its equilibrium point. And then we -- so that would represent kind of the low point of sort of earnings for the Card business. And then from there, I think, now -- well, in terms of core earnings of the business, from there you have growth opportunities and the significant benefit of charge-offs coming down. Now when allowance is released is the slight wild card there. But I think, Henry, in that business, I don't know if -- I mean, whether you call it a growth machine, I think it's certainly an earnings machine with the opportunity to gain share. And it's getting close to sort of its low point in terms of its earnings, and it's very well positioned for success. The Auto business passed its low point a while ago and is powering to a better place. It right now is enjoying a lot of allowance release. Its natural earnings will be down from where they are right now, but I think that's in a very -- in a position to be generating a lot of positive return here. In our Commercial business, the -- it's funny, one would think that Commercial, it's hard to sort of grow that business. If you look at our Commercial, it's been surprisingly stable in terms of outstandings and revenues, given how much of a decline there's been in the Commercial business. But I think that there is a upside for growth in the business and in earnings that might be a little bit more than meets the eye. And we’re at a -- the issue here is we’re at a historic low in utilization rates for commercial credit facilities. And so we've been growing our total loan commitments, for example, 10% over the last 12 months, but outstanding loans have stayed essentially flat because of how low utilizations are. So I think there's kind of built-in growth, not dramatic, but there's kind of inherently built-in growth in that business without going out and having to beat out other competitors for new originations. We also have very low share in the Washington, D.C., metro area, where we have a huge branch presence. So we certainly plan on building it there. And we're investing in some target segments, like of our C&I business, like Energy and Healthcare, that have performed very well through the downturn, and I think represents a growth opportunity for ourselves. In the Mortgage business, if you get past the -- I mean, most of our portfolio is really toxic mortgages that have come along with the acquisitions. All that is running off. But we're just really starting to build a Mortgage Origination business where we think over the next number of years we will get our fair share in our existing branch markets, and that represents, actually, a pretty nice thrust for the company. So if you find me talking so optimistically here, I kind of speak for 22 years of building Capital One. Yes, we are at a time right now where there's been a lot of turmoil, and everyone's adjusting to legislation. But when I look ahead, I see the most level playing field and certainly the best bone structure that Capital One has ever had and relative competitive position to be successful here. We just need to ride through the revenue margin running its course in the Card business, the charge-offs getting back to more normal levels and demand picking up. These are all things that I feel very confident. I can't tell you exact timing other than the revenue margin, but I'm comfortable they're going to happen. And I think on the other side of this is a very well-positioned company that frankly has a lot of advantages over a number of our regional bank competitors.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Moshe. First of all, it's a disappointment to me, frankly, that our performance is kind of pound for pound is similar to what it was a few years ago, because the competition is massively down from what it was before. So I think it’s testament to just how weak the demand is. So I mean, so I want to kind of pile on to your point here. Card competition, first of all, was dramatic drop. We witnessed about a 75% drop in mail volume, for example, from the pre-recession levels. But to your point, volume now is only about 35% to 40% off of the older highs. So we're definitely seeing competition picking up in the Card business as, frankly, we're seeing in all of the businesses. So I think competition across all the businesses we're in is less than it was as its most intense time, Moshe. But it is definitely picking up from where it was, and the fact that right now supply and demand are such that we have similar kind of performance that happened a few years ago really kind of underscores how weak the demand is. So we're just very disciplined about making sure that our marketing, that we're going to get paid for that. And it's partly why we're cautious about to suggesting to you how big that's going to be, because really want to validate every solicitation at every point what its return is. Definitely, Moshe, there's an awful lot of competition in the transactor space in particular, because the Rewards business, frankly, was the top performer during the downturn. And that's not lost on any of the other players there. So I think that -- so I don't want to at all declare that we see -- we see a level playing field. We don't see an open playing field, and I think that's an important difference.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, well, first of all, I don't want to get carried away with this. It was really our point that, and I've been saying for some time now, we certainly think that one of the most important thing that's going to happen with the Great Recession is a tremendous amount of dislocation of competitors out there. So, Moshe, we have been looking at the gamut. I mean, things right in our core businesses that where we have distressed competitors, we have been looking at those, haven't bought any of those things yet. We've looked in some cases at growth platforms that would allow extension into a new business area that we've always been interested in, but didn't necessarily have an easy access to that. And we've been looking at distressed institutions on the banking side. The point I want to make here is that there are, I think, three aspects about the current acquisition environment that make it better than usual: one is that you have more and different types of things getting stirred up and things that might otherwise not be stirred up; secondly, there is profoundly less competition; and thirdly, is really result of the second one, and I forgot to mention it the first time I was talking about it. What interests us here is the chance to buy properties with significantly better pricing than would normally exist in the frenzied kind of acquisition environment that usually exists. Now again, we've been looking for years during this thing and have exactly one acquisition to show for it. So hopefully, you draw from that the discipline that we have. But we certainly have noticed as part of this process that the sort of market-clearing prices that things sort of go at is definitely lower than the frenzied days that we've seen in the past. So given that, I think that we want to make sure that we take a good look at what's out there.
Richard Fairbank: Well, our rewards initiatives are really in two areas. They're in the Credit Card business and in the Banking space. Let me start with Banking. I mean, there I think what we're pitching and people are buying is rewards on the -- with people's checking and debit accounts, which is not what most banks offer. So this is something that very few companies -- you really have to have massive scale kind of in the rewards business to be able to offer something like this. And so it's kind of a natural for Capital One, and we're quite committed to that business. And on the Credit Card side, you can see our advertisements on TV for the Venture card. There, what we're trying to do is to play right to a very resonant issue with consumers, regarding the complexity of current reward programs and kind of how rapidly they sometimes change. And we've created a product that's very, very simple and that I think is a very resonant thing in the marketplace. And we're putting quite a bit of advertising muscle around that.
