Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff. Before we get started this evening, I want to take a moment and say a few words about my friend and our CFO, Gary Perlin. As we announced a few months ago, Gary has decided to retire and will be transitioning out of the company over the course of this year. After a decade of great work at our company, this is Gary's last earnings call. Now at Capital One, as you know, we always search the world to find the very best talent. And that's how we found Gary. I tried to get Gary to join us in 1994. He chose other options, but we didn't give up and he finally saw the light in 2003. And since then, Gary has made a huge impact to Capital One on every step of our journey to build a great company and reward our investors. He's been a strong leader and a wise and trusted advisor. And as you know he's smart, he's rigorous, and he has the highest of integrity. I know you will join me in saying thanks to Gary and wishing him the best as he immerses himself in his many interests beyond Capital One. I'm grateful for everything he's done to put our company in a strong position. As we wish Gary well, we're also welcoming Steve Crawford to our company as our new CFO. Steve will officially take over the CFO role on May 24 and you'll be hearing from him during our second quarter earnings call. Steve brings more than 2 decades of big-time financial services experience to the table, including having been the CFO of Morgan Stanley, and he knows our company well. Steve has already hit the ground running since joining us in February and he's fully engaged in having an important impact on how we continue to win in the marketplace, how we manage our business and get our investors paid. Gary and Steve have been exemplary in working together to ensure a smooth transition and I'm looking forward to working with Steve for many years to come. And now, with my deep appreciation for all he's done over the last decade and for one last time, I'll turn the call over to Gary.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Ryan, first of all, when we -- there's not an official kind of CCAR process that we are reentering here. So our intent is consistency with what was in our original CCAR process or application, if you will. And that was very explicit about this Best Buy component. So what we are trying to free up is the capital associated with the Best Buy sale. But again, what actually happens along the way in these conversations is something that there's not an official process and we'll have to see what happens in the Fed conversation. With respect to what we mean by the payout above sort of industry norms, bank industry norms, well, as we look out there, I think the bank industry norms are running kind of around 50% in terms of total payout ratio. And our intent for 2014 is to distribute well above that.
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, in terms of the competition, I assume we're talking about, in the Card business -- I think competition in the Card business is at a -- I mean, it's always intense. But it's at a fairly stable and reasonably rational level. The biggest issue, I mean, I think we should start with this just sort of demand itself industry -- I mean, revolving debt is generally going sideways. It's been going sideways for an extended period of time. Certainly, purchase volume in the industry is -- I mean, the card industry, since it's kind of bottomed at the downturn, the card industry has seen their own purchase volume grow faster than retail sales in the same way that the reverse effect happened on the way down. So I mean, that's been a pretty good thing. And I think the industry has settled out to a place where supply is down from where it went to in 2011. I think what happened is, as competitors saw the sun just start to peek out a little bit in -- with respect to the great recession, they stepped on the gas with respect to direct mail volumes and marketing in 2011 and, I think, found that there wasn't nearly kind of the response that they had hoped for. So what has happened is direct mail volumes are now kind of like 30% down from there. Generally stable. Pricing out there in the marketplace is generally stable, I think, going up just a little bit. And so I don't think our opportunities are really being driven by competitor actions. I think they're really being driven by the choice that we make in the -- sort of again, if we denominate our conversation by loan growth and really the choice is about the high-balance revolvers and the balance transfer sort of teaser rate gain, that is the thing that sort of most dominates the metrics with respect to loan growth. But if I look beyond that, yes, demand is weak. We are gaining share in all the segments that we are investing in. I think we very much like the economics of what we're booking. And the -- we don't want to push anything in an unnatural way. But the key thing is we're saying we want to make sure that our -- that we can maintain the exceptionally high returns we have in the Card business. And we got to do that through managing our expenses carefully. Redoubling that imperative, of course, is having Best Buy move out of the equation. So there's tremendous energy on the expense side in the Card business and then across the company on both expenses and in terms of capital return.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Sanjay, on your question with respect to marketing, we have the whole information-based apparatus of Capital One geared toward very rigorous measurements about what we're marketing and what we're getting for that. We don't measure success of marketing by our loan growth metric. It's really measured by the creation of value and before we originate, after we originate and after programs have aged for many years, we, of course, we estimate and then reestimate and go back and assess and see what we have learned. In this environment of certainly not a lot of torrid loan growth, there still is good opportunity to create real value. And we are very comfortable with what we see and we have a lot of evidence for the, I think, the positive choices that we're making. And that's why as we're managing expenses so tightly, we're sort of separating out our kind of commitment, if you will, that this is where we think operating costs are going to go. And then the marketing call, we'll continue to be more of a line of scrimmage call, really based on what we see the market has to give us.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. So the -- so metrics for the strategy that we're embarking on, I think, the -- probably the most significant metric I would point to is in the sense of risk-adjusted margin that, in our business, we are -- we are so focused on doing the equivalent of a mini stress test on every kind -- every origination that we do. We have, over our long track record, been very, very focused on what is the credit risk and what is the revenue that we have to protect that and how does that revenue behave under stress. Now of course, The Great Recession was kind of Exhibit A of that. But I would point right now, while we spend a lot of time talking about growth metrics to the very, very strong returns that we have in the business. And in our branded books, those returns are higher because those are blended with partnerships that are an auction-based business and it's inherently -- it's an above hurdle but lower-return business than, certainly, the business that we spent all these years building here. So that, the revenue and the credit is really the heart of that thing and, therefore, really, the ability of this business to really generate returns. Now there's another very important thing that's going on that probably slows down our growth in what is a little bit of a seam, but I don't want to overemphasize that. But that is just the -- this emphasis on creating value through kind of long-term franchises. So the classic long-term franchise is this -- the heavy-spender marketplace. And these cost a lot of money to acquire. They have the lowest attrition rates of anything that I've ever seen in the Card business and that's a great thing, too. But these things build over time. And yes, the more traction we have with that and the more other things settle out, that will continue to build success. But it will happen even more so, I think, on the revenue side than on the -- just in terms of balances. Another metric related to that, though, is something that we don't -- we have to sometimes give you a little more color on is what's the relationship between purchase volume growth and interchange growth. And there's also been a transition as we've gone out with more of an emphasis on getting these new transactor relationships and more of our mix comes from the new high-value reward cards instead of just the building of balances by the rest of our portfolio. The interchange growth has lagged the purchase volume growth overall. And they also have to normalize for the partnership side of that, which has a whole different kind of economic. But anyway, long story short, the interchange growth has now also caught up to the growth of purchase volume in our branded book. These are all things, some of it kind of beneath the surface that you can't see, but showing the sort of vertical things catching up with the tremendous horizontal economics that we have. But slowly but surely also, we are continuing to build revolver customers. We just tend to shy away from the big balanced ones. But on a broad basis, we're continuing to build that business and they're generating very good returns with high resilience. So we feel good about this. The key thing is, we just -- to us, is we've got to make sure that we respond to the opportunity we see in the market. Right now, the best opportunity is to really make sure that we maintain our margin and get capital to shareholders even as we continue to build a long-term franchise and look forward to also the runoffs subsiding, which will also really get the metrics going.
Richard D. Fairbank: The credit card runoff is, the size of it, it is $2 billion. And I'm looking for an itemization of this. I don't want to do just do this off the top of my -- oh, you got it.
Richard D. Fairbank: And in fact, Moshe, by -- if you forgive me for possibly being only directionally accurate, I -- as I do recall of the $2 billion we're talking about in '13, $500 million is the Installment Loan portfolio. That number goes to about $200 million in 2014. So what we have in this runoff portfolio is mostly the HSBC runoff. And essentially, just to give a little more color on that, Moshe, it is some of the highest loss, in our opinion, least resilient part of the branded book that we got from HSBC. So you have some of the really kind of lowest-margin stuff with Installment Loan and some of the kind of highest-loss stuff. Things like the old metrics book.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So Moshe, as we announced in the -- it was actually, I believe, in early a year ago that early in the year, we shut down the origination of Payment Protection products in our Credit Card business. And so we announced there would be a -- the economics of all of that is on our existing book. We would continue the Payment Protection products, but it would just be a case of the math of runoff from there forward. And by the way, also on Best Buy, there was kind of a similar effect that was part of the declining economics of Best Buy that Gary had talked to you be about. Gary, do you happen to have the -- talk to Jeff to maybe get the component of that runoff. We did give some information that from which you could determine the kind of annual effect of this tail, Moshe. We're not in possession of it right at this moment.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, let me start with operating expenses. Operating expenses is -- this is not a program, per se. This is, what we're talking about here, is a central basic way of life of running this business. And there are a number of factors that are significant macro trends that give an opportunity for continued expense opportunities beyond the kind of forecast window we're talking about. And even in the forecast window, we're taking advantage of some of these. But you've got the whole trend toward digital. So it happens on the -- that's not only in the marketing side. But the more and more customers that we can get into digital servicing, there's a key thing there on the Retail Banking side, the more and more customers that we can get to really become digital bank customers instead of such heavy users of the branches. Even the role of things like smart ATMs that we put all over our network, these are important trends. But they don't happen automatically, David, they have to be actively managed to get the customer behavior changes and then to make sure that the money drops to the bottom line. We are also working to drive significant improvements in technology delivery. And really, the way that we do IT projects, these are very complex projects and we've done a lot of process redesigning that and there's significant opportunity there. The -- one of the big, big themes around banking is complexity. Banks have inherent complexity. But certainly, with all the things that have become part of what running a bank is these days, there's a lot of leverage to complexity reduction and we're all over this. And -- but I do want to say also, again, we just bought ING Direct. That is the leader in the way banking is going to be in the future. Now in a few ways, they were maybe too far ahead of their time and this is not a change that everyone is ready to sign up for right now. But I think there are big opportunities there. There are big opportunities in procurement. Big institutions like our own have very big, third-party expense budgets. And to really, really drive best-in-class kind of procurement capabilities, this is incredibly important as well. So our entire -- I mean, we are just laser-focused. Because I -- as a guy who came out of the strategy business, I want to go -- I want to say what I think -- what we've always said, what is strategy? Strategy isn't about bubble charts and just about market position. Strategy is about finding where the leverage is and driving great outcomes. The things we're talking about here have tremendous leverage over a long period of time. And we are sizing them, driving them, and we want to make sure that, that's going to be a key way from customers to economics to the customer experience that we stay ahead in this marketplace.
Richard D. Fairbank: Oh, sorry. And just in terms of marketing, one thing I want to say is that mail has a role -- mail is certainly declining over time, but mail has a role that is a different role than digital originations have. And that is that mail allows you to proactively target in ways that actually aren't -- are not possible on the Internet and so on. So we -- look, I mean, we are a big player in digital originations, but our choices on the direct-mail side, the nice thing is we have an absolute expense. We have a response rate and we have the economics that allow us to very efficiently measure how and how fast to drive down that cost as the world changes.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, we -- Chase, of course, just announced this little opportunity they're working with, with Visa. That, I think, pretty much all of the card players in the industry jumped to attention on that thing. And we -- look, I don't think we know much about that. I think that it's a divergence from Visa's normal, more level playing field, treatment of the industry here. But we're all over kind of paying attention to that. It would be -- the answer is no, we're not out looking to go deeply into the merchant-acquiring business. Probably like any bank, there's some areas that we have disadvantages, but look, I think the -- I really like the positioning we have. We are not looking to significantly change the bone structure we have. What I really want to do is capitalize on the opportunities to create value with the bone structure that we have worked for years to get and I think we're particularly well-positioned.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Yes. So on the expense side, Betsy, you've got it right with respect to $10.4 billion. And again, from the $11 billion going down to the $10.4 billion, that's $100 million of acquisition-related intangible amortization, a decline in that. $160 million of integration costs that we'll -- that we have to manage to come out, but we're dropping that to the bottom line. And then all the rest is just other operating cost savings. When you -- I want to give you a window into how we think of marketing. We're really not out on a quest to replace the runoff portfolio. I mean, to me the runoff portfolio is just a thing that is running its course and, in many ways, it is irrelevant to -- not in many ways, it's just flat-out irrelevant to our marketing decisions and our growth choices net of that. It's very relevant, when it comes to things like capital distribution, it's very relevant that we make sure that we manage our economics working backwards from what comes with the territory with these portfolios running off. But underneath it all, it's the same way we make choices all the time. And we look at opportunities and we model them under stress and we pursue all the opportunities that really look good in that context. And the marketing is really -- the marketing choices are dependent on that. And I think that however you've seen our marketing over the many years, this is really the same whole methodology there. I'm glad you asked about the CARD Act thing because one other factor and we didn't -- we have mentioned it in other conversations but we did not today. One other moderate factor that has held back our loan growth has been the adapting to the regulatory requirements with respect to credit line increases. And let me just talk just a little bit about this. Coming out of the CARD Act in the downturn, the regulators, understandably, have heightened expectations regarding credit line increase programs and put in -- they put in place new requirements on regarding the use of modeled income to demonstrate a customer's ability to pay. And so they, essentially, increase the requirement in terms of validating an assumed income before one could give a line increase. And of course, as you can imagine, we have built very sophisticated models associated with line increases and we have a very dynamic and ongoing and important line increase strategy with respect to our customers. So starting really in 2012, we work to retool, to create a line increase program that met these various conditions. And we're going to be pretty much back pretty close to our run rate later this year, so that will give an extra boost. But it's not game-changing, but it's something that we're -- it's important that we get back to.
Richard D. Fairbank: Chris, let me just talk strategically about partnerships. We have had an interest in partnerships for many years because it's an alternative way to get access to customers. And in some ways, actually advantaged access to customers. Because there are people who do certain things and they choose to do with a retailer and that can be a good thing. And, plus, you have retailers who subsidize the activity and so that can be an economically good thing. Now, it's also been very attractive to us because as a huge player in the Card business, this not only represents a significant additional source of volume, but the skills required are right down the plate in terms of how we operate the business and headlining it is credit skills. And also in some of these partnerships, the ability to do credit across a variety of different customer profiles is also a very important thing to retailers and we have pretty -- a pretty big skill experience at that. So credit and information-based strategy is very important part of that. Now, also very important is expenses. And as -- if you look at the Best Buy economics, it'll show you something that you probably already knew about the business and we know, which is that this is a scale-driven business. So the marginal economics of a partnership, whether it's in unloading Best Buy or whether it's in getting another one, are particularly attractive because there's a lot of fixed cost in the business. It's a scale-driven business. And if you look at the Private Label business, you'll find this is not an all-comers kind of thing. Capital One is third in a business with 3 big -- frankly, with 3 big players, because they're -- it is a scale-driven business. So we have seen some companies get themselves into trouble in this business and I believe what happened is in the quest for scale, they might -- there might have been some indiscriminateness with respect to what customers are being booked or what's happening at auction. So the other thing I want to say about this business is and why it is inherently less profitable than the regular old-branded Card business is it is auction-based, it does have periodic auctions. And the -- that is something that makes it hard to generalize, this is why things are so situation-specific. So while scale matters, what we have said is we want to selectively grow this business, going after great retailers with a strong brand, retailers that view the Credit Card program as a strategic opportunity to build a franchise rather than just a way to make more money and a contract, and this is an incredibly important point, a contract that aligns the parties' interests and has the right market-clearing price to it. For that reason, we stayed out for a bunch of years from that business. We also stayed out because we didn't have the scale to really get -- to get in all that effectively. Now we have the scale. We're in a great position. I think there are relationship benefits to the incumbent that can help you in auction time if they like how you're servicing them. But bottom line, this is never going to scare the branded Card business in terms of its returns. But relative to the opportunities that we see in banking and across Capital One's portfolio, I think it offers well above hurdle rate returns, but it has to be managed selectively. And that selectivity is both in choosing new partners and also being willing to sometimes move on from some of the ones we have.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have any follow-ups after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Matt, please start the Q&A.
Jeff Norris: Moshe, it's Jeff. I can get you that. I don't have it in front of me right now. It -- the story, though, is that it hasn't changed our estimates. And the run rates we're absorbing haven't changed. And what we're seeing is consistent with what we laid out a couple of quarters ago.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today and thanks for your interest in Capital One. Like I said before, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. Craig, it's Gary. I'll take your first question. And again, as Rich said, there's not a formal process. But just following our own capital plan, we would wait until after the sale closes and the capital is freed up to begin any repurchases that are approved by the regulators. So that would be probably end of the third quarter, early fourth, yes.
Gary L. Perlin: Sure. Bill, it's Gary. And the premium that we paid for the HSBC business of just over 8% was across the entire business. We obviously, ascribe different parts of that premium based on the value that we thought existed in various parts of the portfolio. We ascribed very little value and therefore, very little of the premium, to the Best Buy portfolio. And so that's how it looks to us in terms of being able to get back to a point where we're really creating value by returning that capital and improving performance.
Gary L. Perlin: No. Bill, we have looked specifically actually for that effect. There are several things going on sort of in the broader political marketplace and we've tried to look for any evidence of actually any of those effects in the actual performance metrics of our customers, overall or within a particular segment. And we have not seen that.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Kevin, first of all, overall, as a general comment, we believe we have plenty of capacity to return capital to our shareholders and add attractive partnership relationships. In 2013, I think, in particular, any deal would need to be an extraordinary opportunity with identifiable near-term returns to forego an opportunity to return capital to you in 2013. I mean, I think we're really kind of saying we're going right down this path. It's a very near-term path and we want to make sure that -- I mean, it's been an important event here to have the Best Buy portfolio. Even though we valued it at par, it's a big event when this comes out of the portfolio. And we've got a lot of capital in a sense sort of trapped in the company here. And we want to make sure that we get this out as fast as we can. But I don't think that, that will take away from our opportunity over time, Kevin, to get the kind of attractive partnerships that are out there and that we're well positioned to take advantage of.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Chris, I think that because there had been so many moving pieces, it's hard for -- it's hard to really kind of see the absolutely separable effect of HSBC. But I want to show it through -- I want to talk about it a little bit as we have seen it. We initially set out to buy $30 billion of this and then -- and we talked about that and arranged a capital raise associated with a bit of a larger number. As you know, by the final time -- the final thing that we bought and paid for was around $27 billion something. But since then, everything about the HSBC deal has come in consistent with own expectations. Even paradoxically, our hunch that the Best Buy portfolio was something that, in fact, we might be able to move out early. We valued it at par. We didn't know what the timing would be and so on. But our initial hunch was this wasn't going to be the right probably fit with us strategically. It might be great with somebody else. And so that has even moved along in a sense consistent with expectations. So we're still very happy with this deal. I think that the bigger kind of story there is in the face of the challenges in the marketplace and the weakness of demand and all the building of pressures on expenses that -- in the regulatory environment and everything else, to really make sure that -- I mean, our job is to drive the real return and shareholder value that can come from the position that we have put ourselves in and now with this deal coming on, these 2 deals coming on. And that's what we are very, very focused on. So yes, we still very much like this deal.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, just getting back to Moshe's point, it's $2 billion in '13, about $1 billion in '14. And to your question, that's a gross runoff, Moshe. That is not a forecast of what our actual balances are going to do. That's the amount that we're going to have to build in order to stay even. Obviously, as Rich has said, we're looking to build. And we expect to offset some of that runoff. But it's just the runoff amount. It's not an assumption about where overall balances are going.
Gary L. Perlin: And again -- well, as far as the HSBC loans go, Moshe, as Rich described, it is the -- mostly the less resilient of those loans that as they pay down, we'll see them start to run off. Also included in that number is the runoff of the very tail end of the closed-end loans that have been accounted for as part of our Domestic Card segment for many years.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Brian, I think you'd really want to mostly be thinking in terms of GAAP. Obviously, most of the non-GAAP impact on revenue will be completed in 2013. So all that's really left next year will be the significant but predictable and slowly declining impacts on operating expense. But in general terms, Rich is talking largely GAAP, but with wide enough range, would probably cover both.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Martin, it's hard to pinpoint the run-off portfolio. The 2 things that would've been driving the decline in loans, first would've been per card. It would have been the move of Best Buy loans to held-for-sale. So you're going to see a reduction in the held-for-investment loans. And then the balance is largely going to be seasonal. So actual runoff would be hard to measure and is almost certainly a very small portion of that, it's the seasonal effect of going from fourth quarter to first quarter, plus the impact in moving the Best Buy portfolio to held-for-sale. Remember that was done on February 1.
Gary L. Perlin: So, Bob, we are in Canada and in the U.K. in credit cards only. And we chose those 2 markets, it doesn't -- one didn't have to hire McKinsey to figure that one out. I mean, in a sense, they're the markets that are most similar to the way the marketplace works the availability of data and a lot of things. It was kind of a natural to go there and it helped that they spoke our language. But beyond that, all jokes aside, we are not at this point -- we're very focused on the agenda that we've talked about here. Those 2 businesses, I think, the Canadian business has been a good earner for a long period of time. The U.K. is -- had a couple of challenges along the way. Certainly, the amazing WACC the whole industry has taken on some of the payment protection thing has led to some charges and so on. But we think we're well-positioned in both markets. And while geographically they look far away, synergistically, it's just like another part of our Card business. We transfer talent across, we use them as training grounds for talent, new insights come out of those 2 marketplaces that we adopt here. It is synergistic, it makes money and I think it's an appropriate thing to continue in our portfolio even as we're not pushing out farther in the geographical expansion.
Gary L. Perlin: I'll start. It's Gary. Rich might want to add a few things. First of all, let me just remind you that in addition to the impact that Rich described of the Best Buy in Q1, it will have an incrementally higher impact on Q2 because we'll have 3 months rather than just 2 months in the quarter when any of the reversals of finance and fee charges will not be going through revenue but they'll be going against the mark on the loans. By and large, most of what we've seen otherwise has been kind of normal seasonal impacts. But again, you will see some pretty big impacts over the course of the year. The Card business, in particular, when we're looking at revenue margins, because the revenue from the Best Buy portfolio will show up in the numerator of that calculation, but the denominator is just loans held for investment, so excludes that -- I mean, that's going to be the biggest single driver along with, kind of, normal seasonal trends, at least for the next couple of quarters.
Gary L. Perlin: Let me just answer your accounting question, Chris. So we're typically going to see more value, more PCCR-type value. Whatever premium is paid has to be attributed to the various sources of value and the credit card relationships, because they are direct between us and the borrower, in general purpose credit cards, because those accounts will often remain over many, many years, you'll just see more of whatever is paid associated with PCCR in branded books. So that's what you're going to see there. And if you go back to the Kohl's portfolio, remember the nature of that business, it's very particular, it's a wonderful partnership, it's a -- it's high-performing and they are a great partner. But also, remember that there is a very heavy cost and revenue-sharing aspect to that business, which is also going to affect the economics there. So that's what would pretty much account for what you've seen in those 2 particular portfolios when it comes to PCCR. And remember, value can be ascribed to businesses that's going to be showing up in places other than in PCCR.
Gary L. Perlin: For partner cards, again, there is no single representative situation, Chris, you've got to take a look at the partner, their history, the nature of the contract and what is being paid. But it's going to be different for each one. It's not surprising that we saw what was in there. Also, remember that with these partnership transactions, there is, typically, a -- an expiration date on the contract. There is no expiration date on our account relationship in the general purpose business. So with Best Buy, for example, because the contract was coming due in 2014, as we said earlier this year, all we did was to kind of end that a little bit earlier, that's going to have a huge impact on what's there. So just because there is a fixed term to partnerships, that's going to affect the accounting as well. But I wouldn't read too much into the accounting as a measure of long-term, value-creation potential. As Rich has said, we're looking for good partnerships that will deliver that over the long-term.
