Gary L. Perlin: Hey, Chris, it's Gary. Why don't I start out with your question on the capital rules, how they get phased in and how that affects our thinking about the potential for capital distribution. I think, at least, the phase-in approach is pretty clear. It's very clear that the next CCAR process will continue to ask for a stress test that's done exclusively on a Basel I basis. We did very well on that stress test last year. Our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I has improved. And I do believe that we're obviously well positioned therefore to show continued resilience to stress. The requirement under Basel III, as you know, is more of a requirement that one show trajectory to be able to comfortably get to the necessary capital levels under Basel III during the timeframe that's been made available. And obviously now, there is kind of 2 steps or 3 steps with respect to Basel III. As Rich and I have said, we expect that we will be at our Basel III destination with an assumption about how Basel II will affect us already in the middle of 2013. And so, as a result of that, we believe that we'll be able to very comfortably check both boxes. And obviously, as time goes on, we move a little closer to operating under Basel III, we expect we'll continue to generate capital that will improve that ratio. And obviously, as we become more deeply involved in the Basel II world, we'll obviously be looking at our businesses as many other Basel II banks to try and optimize to get the greatest amount of capital efficiency. I think, all told, we're going on multiple pads but all with the same destination and all pretty much with the same timeframe in mind. Why don't I hand it back to Rich on the Auto business.
Gary L. Perlin: Betsy, just as I've said over the course of the last several quarters, including at your conference, I think we're going to be in a strong position to make that case to the Fed, which gave you a pretty strong description of where we feel we're going to be able to deliver shareholder value and we indicated that would include a meaningful dividend. We don't think we're there yet. So I think, directionally, I think that's what we're working towards. But obviously, we have to go through the entire process until we get there.
Gary L. Perlin: Let me try my hand at that for you, Betsy. And again, I can't, on mix, the paint of all of the costs that came from the different parts and pieces of what are now Capital One. But let me try and do the math a little bit for you. So at the beginning of this year, we talked about a run rate of about $2 billion or around there, maybe a little bit higher for Capital One Legacy, taking into account all of the investments that are necessary to meet all of the rising bar of regulatory expectations and our own infrastructure needs. So that would get you to about $8 billion on an annual run rate. HSBC and ING Direct, if you look at the performance we've provided, they brought over with them expenses at a rate of about $2 billion a year for HSBC and about $650 million a year for ING Direct. So I'm giving you the annual rates there. So $8 billion legacy, add about $2,650,000,000 for the acquired operations. Next year, remember, purchase accounting is still significant even if it's not moving around a whole lot, it will be there, somewhere in the $550 million to $600 million range. And as Rich said, we have a couple hundred million of integration spend likely to go. If you add all of those up, you'd get to about $11.6 billion synergies. As Rich described, of about $450 million, takes you to about $11.1 billion, $11.2 billion that seems like a reasonable level for 2013. And again, you also have to remember, I'm just talking here about operating expense, not the marketing expense. Rich indicated $1.5 billion is a good estimate for 2013. So if you put all that together, you'd be just over $3 billion of a run rate for total noninterest expense next year. Again, all of it depends on things like marketing opportunities and so forth. But if you are at about $12.5 billion for total NIE next year, more or less, that's a way to add all of this together. And then obviously, once the integration spend passes, we're going to continue to do what we've been doing all along, which is look for efficiencies in our business at the same time that we don't sacrifice the quality of the integrations and the importance of maintaining our infrastructure at the highest possible level.
Gary L. Perlin: Look, I think it's going to be in 2013. I can't pinpoint it for you, Rick, but I think let's think back to what Chris' question was all about, which was how does this affect our thinking about capital distribution and our approach to CCAR and so forth. That ratio does not need to be reached for several years. What we need to show is that we are on a strong trajectory to reach it. I think, whenever in 2013, we reach that would be consistent with being on a strong trajectory to reach it. So I wouldn't worry too much about exactly what moment it happens. I think the impact on our thinking would be the same.
Gary L. Perlin: It shrinks over -- so just to be clear, that purchase accounting impact will be running off over the course of the year, that's a result of premium amortization that goes into the debt interest income in the card business. So that's going to be coming down over the course of 2013, and it's about 15% a quarter, it comes down. So that's the purchase accounting impact. Again, remember, the fourth quarter is also a pretty high quarter for revenue margin tends to drop pretty considerably in the first. So you're going to have the combination of the rundown of the negative effect of the purchase accounting, offset, to some degree, by the seasonality, which again, is strongest in a positive way in the third quarter and then, the other actions that we're talking about which Rich described.
Gary L. Perlin: Moshe, the -- so in the third quarter, Domestic Card losses increased 18 basis points. The increase was entirely driven by the purchase accounting impacts. Without these losses, it would've improved by 33 basis points. And legacy, just to give you a little more insight, legacy Domestic Card -- the legacy Domestic Card book decreased 43 basis points in the quarter and this was even better than the normal seasonal improvement we'd expect between the second quarter and the third quarter. And without purchase accounting, HSBC portfolio losses decreased from $5.64 billion to $5.08 billion, modestly better than seasonal expectations.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, sure. And look, I think, we've certainly had some movements in the coverage ratio because of the impact of the mark. I would say just as the impact of the mark is kind of reached its end, we're getting to a coverage ratio that from here on out is basically going to reflect just our overall view about credit. It should not be significantly impacted by the mark going forward.
Gary L. Perlin: David, it's Gary. It's going to be kind of a mixed bag because as Rich said, the largest book of loans that's running off is mortgage loans, which of course has the lowest margin of any of our loan products. But there is some amount of card product, including some of the higher loss, higher-margin business out of HSBC, although it's a small number, it packs kind of a lot of wallop when it comes to margin. But it's being replaced, to a large extent, not fully, by Auto and Commercial, which tend to have yields that are more akin, if you put them together, to the average kind of yield on the overall book. And if you think about it, if where we have to put some of our deposit funds, because of the runoff of the mortgage business is in the investment portfolio, the investment portfolio margins are not materially different from mortgage. So I don't necessarily believe that you'll see a dramatic change in overall margins as a result of the decline in loans that Rich described. But again, we'll have to see exactly where the replacement comes from. We'll have to see what we can do to help out the margins on the deposit side and so forth. But you've seen a lot of movement in our NIM over the course of the last year that was driven by the deals. The deal impact is pretty well through. From here on out, hard to predict. But I certainly wouldn't expect anything close to the kind of variability we have seen. But we're going to have to work hard to keep where it's at and we'll see how it works.
Gary L. Perlin: No. I mean, unfortunately, remember that conversation pretty well, Don, we had a lot of -- talk about it and what we said and again, we have a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter in operating expense as well. But I think what we said was that if we applied all of the investments that were required to get ourselves up to the kind of level of infrastructure and the level of rigor in terms of being able to meet the regulatory bar with our compliance and everything else, we've said it would be between $2 billion and $2,050,000,000 on a quarterly basis. I still think that's absolutely the same kind of level of intensity that we have now. I'm not suggesting that we won't have further needs. But hopefully, we'll be able to finance those by consolidating the gains that we've had until now. So I'd say it's about the same. Unfortunately, I can't go back and figure out what legacy Capital One would be today because that doesn't exist anymore. But when you add all the pieces together, it's kind of where we would have expected to be. Now unfortunately, the revenues are not necessarily racing ahead. Remember that most of the revenues that we might have expected at the time of deal announcement that we no longer see in 2013 are simply the mirror image of -- starting off with a much better capital position. So instead of discount accretion, we've got a lot of premium amortization. We're going to end up in the same place in terms of capital but we had more of the capital upfront or less capital consumption upfront, and we're not going to rebuild it with the revenues. So all else being equal, I'd love to say that we could dramatically change our cost trajectory in the short run to kind of meet that need. But I think Rich was pretty explicit about where those operating expenses are going. They're going towards integration where we're seeing the synergies, and we're really focused on getting that right. It's going into infrastructure which is both to satisfy the rising bar of compliance, as well as to try and make sure that we're providing really good experience for our customers. And then we've got some of the expenses coming from the tail end of purchase accounting. So I do feel good about our ability to kind of simplify and streamline our business once we complete the integrations. And so I still think we've got some leverage to gain from the operating side. Unfortunately, in the year that's ahead, we can't really back off on what we need to accomplish and we're just going to have to make sure everybody understands that if revenues aren't there because of purchase accounting, it's in the capital, may not be in the income statement, it will be the balance sheet. I think we feel good about where we're headed for 2013. But the work in terms of getting simpler and more efficient will continue beyond that.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. The private label business in -- our private label business, now if you look at all the private label businesses out there, this wouldn't necessarily apply to all the ones out there in the marketplace. But ours, meaning what we have built and what we've gotten in terms of HSBC, tend to be characterized by lower returns, somewhat lower returns but well above hurdle, lower credit losses and that's interesting because you'll look elsewhere out in the marketplace and you actually see much higher credit losses often in this. But overall, while in some ways, bringing partnerships on lowers the per unit octane of this earnings machine we have in the Card business, it is incrementally real value creation. We really like it, and the other thing about it, I think, competitively, it is a very scale-driven business and there are 3 players in the private label business that really have that scale. And if you look at the lead tables, it pretty much falls off after that. And this is the scale to have to be able to invest in the customized things that clients need. It's the scale to have the operating cost in what is a bit of a thinner-margin business. And it's the -- it is the -- it gives us an ability to have the credibility with partners to say we've been there, done that and talked to our previous clients kind of thing. So a little bit lower octane but real value-added. And right now, HSBC's partnership business has been shrinking a little bit. We have moved away from a few of the smaller partners. So there's a bit of a kind of shrinkage going on here but we're going to invest more in this business and I think you're going to like the returns.
Gary L. Perlin: Craig, it's Gary. I don't remember giving guidance on SIFI buffers way back when and it is for good reason that we gave you an assumed target with an assumed SIFI buffer. I think, if you take a look at banks of our scale, you'll see that they're making reasonably similar assumptions, and so we wanted to make those assumptions absolutely transparent to you. You can make adjustments, if you will, if that required buffer is higher, obviously, we've already suggested that we would have some additional buffers. And again, I think, we will be well in excess or certainly on a trajectory to get well in excess of those levels. So we'll see where it goes. But at this point, I think we're making some pretty realistic assumptions.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. We continue to have very strong growth in the Auto business, but our originations are down off the extremely high levels that we had, say, in the second quarter. So for example, they're down 9%. In the third quarter, they're still at very high levels and are 15% higher than the third quarter of 2011. So let me just describe what's going on. First of all, there continues to be -- although we're getting to the later stages of it, we -- the strategic growth trajectory we have in Capital One by the geographical expansion and taking the business strategy that's already been proven and taking it into more geographies and more dealers, so that's a very sure-footed thing. We are -- at some point, over the next couple of years, we'll start to reach the full penetration relative to that. On the other hand, we are also are responding, Chris, to the competitive marketplace. There is more intensity in the Auto business. And we watch closely the margins. We look at the margins and LTVs and FICO and terms. And like I said earlier, we don't set growth targets, we very much respond to the marketplace that's there. Overall, I would say it's still a healthy business. I think some of -- the pricing has -- in the prime space, has fallen to pre-recession levels. In subprime, it's relatively healthy, but it is falling somewhat. The -- from an underwriting point of view, the thing that's been loosened up is terms where terms are actually beyond where they were in the boom. In other words, we're talking about the length of the loans themselves. But LTVs have stayed; in fact, have been tightening since 2009. People got very burned with those. Average FICOs are still at strong levels, slightly degrading from an industry point of view. But my overall comment would be we still feel very good about the business. I think there is more competition, which takes a bit off the -- some of the extremely high growth that we've had in the past.
Richard D. Fairbank: It is consistent basically with that. The -- you may remember that we talked about 30 to 35 basis points of actions that we wanted to take to bring HSBC in line with Capital One practices. We had targeted that to happen over the first half. It's actually -- some of that is happening on a little bit of a delayed basis. So -- but this table -- so first of all, the HSBC thing is very consistent with what we expected all along. And so what we've done is tried to take the composite actions that we're taking sort of on a customer point of view and put them together. And in doing it quarterly, please understand that my prior example of the HSBC timing is probably going to slide slightly. We wanted to just make sure that people got the general sense of the magnitude of what we're talking about and the general timing of that and this is consistent with deal assumptions. Of course, there is also legacy Capital One elements within those numbers as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: It had a modest impact on the mark. I mean, the -- over the next number of months, the impact of the mark is going to be kind of high-single-digit-kind of basis points. So it's gotten pretty darn small. And September was the first time that, that was the case. Of course, we have all the seasonality effects, as you know, Sanjay, on that. But pretty much, we're now down to single-digit impact from the mark. Can I go back, just talk for a second, about the revenue margin trajectory, Sanjay? So we mixed a couple of things in trying to create some clarity. Let me explain this to you. We -- in creating this adjusted number, we, in a sense, took out the seasonality in the third quarter number. And then we provided some quarterly effects that are known. But I do want to say, of course, the other quarterly effect is the seasonality itself. And just to give you a little bit of insight on that the -- by the effect, in fact, we told you for the third quarter, the revenue margin relative to the average is the biggest in the third quarter. It's modestly above average in the fourth quarter but pretty close to average. Its lowest period is the first quarter and then it's slightly below leverage in the second quarter. So it's -- the Card business, the revenue margin, just is a byproduct of a lot of the other seasonal effects that go on. But given that we're now really trying to take run rates and understand them, we wanted you -- we wanted to do the best we could to tease out that very large effect in the third quarter. But I'd just add this other just general directional indication of the seasonality in the revenue margin.
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, your question was specifically about the monthly move from August to September in the Master Trust. It was up slightly, which I think, we would view in line with normal seasonal patterns from August to September just for the single month.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, I mean, obviously, you are, Chris, but remember where we are in terms of seasonality and where the overall trend may be going. But your math for Q3 is absolutely on track.
Richard D. Fairbank: Don, I wouldn't say our enthusiasm has changed because we've been very enthusiastic. I really want to say that we -- it kind of relates to my point why I think Capital One can be a very successful company even if the economy goes nowhere fast. I mean, we have been and expect to continue to be a very capital-generative company. And we'll continue to invest in organic growth opportunities and I think the strong earnings power is going to well outstrip those opportunities. We've also been working very hard on the, in many ways, mind-blowingly complex Basel II calculations that to try to get an estimate of what the impact of that is going to be and we were able to show you that today. But all along, we have very much known the way value is going to get created in this company is we're going to -- my image about our company is we are going to be a company that should be on the higher end of returns, earnings power of companies, because we have chosen a mix of businesses that tend to, I think, be better on what they can offer in terms of returns and we tend to be at the high end of the players in that business. So -- and underneath it all, I think there's inherent growth trajectory that will certainly manifest itself as these run-off portfolios go down. But in the meantime, earnings power and capital generation is going to be a key way that value gets created. We were as enthusiastic about it last quarter as we are now. And with every passing quarter, we get more capital and more clarity on what the rules of the game are and that puts us in a position to distribute more of it.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, the partnership business, we didn't just wake up and discover partnerships when HSBC showed up. I mean, we have watched this business for a long time. And I do want to say, in the last decade, in the decade leading up to the Great Recession, these things started to go for auction prices that were at the nosebleed kind of level. So we selectively involved ourselves in some of these things. But again, we -- to me, this is all about selectivity. And right now, the supply and demand, if you will, of players in that business, is much more sensible. But we know it also can be great over time. Here's the key. We're not setting out to be the biggest. The key word for partnerships is selective, picking a good retailer, in other words, a company who, in its own right, is the kind of the business we'd like to invest in as an investor so to speak. Secondly, a partner with the right motivation where they want to drive their partnership business to generate -- to enhance their franchise as opposed to a way to make just more bucks. And retailers are on both sides of that very key dividing line. And finally, a contract that really works as a win-win for both parties. We have -- so we are both out there in the marketplace selectively looking for new opportunities and we're also reviewing all of our existing partnerships and with a -- each one, we're going to make sure that, that partnership, when the contracts come up for renewal and all of them come up from between now and 2019, as they come up for renewal, we're going to ensure that we have the right relationship and the right structure of contract in place. We have renewed several of the big contracts already and we have -- those negotiations have been very important to establish, that we have it in the right way but -- so we'll continue to be very selective. But in that way, I think, we can create a lot of value and not go off the rails as some people have who have been chasing this business.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the conference call this evening and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here tonight to answer any questions you may have following the call. Have a great evening.
