Stephen S. Crawford: Sure, happy to take that. So you're right, we're at -- $11.1 billion is our forecast for 2013. If you think about some of the tailwinds we have, which we've talked about before, there'll be $100 million reduction year-over-year because of PCCR and CDI. We've got the $100 million legal settlement that we disclosed this quarter, and we've got about $150 million of integration expenses running through this year. If you subtotal that, it gets you to about $10.75 billion. But there's some other factors. Obviously, Best Buy leaving the system helps expenses, bringing on Beech Street hurts, and then we've also got to manage the inflationary pressures, regulatory investments, other business investments. So really, what that translates into is a few hundred million of real savings in 2014 to hit our target of approximately $10.5 billion. And the 2 areas we've talked about in the past are digital and third-party spend. But as Rich said, it's really across the business, across the cycle, hand-to-hand combat on a daily basis.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, so there is no guidance for PPE in 2014. What we've discussed is an expense -- operating expense guidance. With respect to how Best Buy adjusts out, we actually provided a schedule in the first quarter of this year that is very on top of the actual results. And as I mentioned, it's about $170 million in revenue in the quarter, inclusive of held-for-sale accounting. But you can get even more detail if you go back and look at that schedule.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, so the second question -- we'll come back to the first. The earliest we could enter -- exit parallel run would be first quarter of 2016, and I think there are banks that entered parallel run 4 or 5 years ago that still aren't out. So Basel III standardized, as I tried to mention in my comments, is clearly going to be the one for us to focus on for the foreseeable future. I'm sorry, the first question was? Oh, Beech Street. Yes, so importantly, I just want to make clear, what we did is we increased our guidance from $10.4 billion to $10.5 billion. That doesn't mean it was $10.40 billion going to $10.50 billion, okay? There is some expenses that pushed us closer to $10.5 billion. And as you would expect, with that size acquisition, we're not going to break down the income statement and tell you how that's going to impact the business line item by line item.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. I told you we bought about $300 million. We're not going to disclose the price but there'll be additional information in the 10-Q about our repurchase activity.
Richard D. Fairbank: Sanjay, we don't see any sort of like quarterly trend in the propensity of prime or sub-prime customers to want to borrow. We've talked about the sort of the trend post Great Recession that has definitely seen very conservative bent with respect to borrowers, and this is matched by quite a conservative bent with respect to issuers as well. But it has led to, relative to the old days, some weakness relative to borrowing demand. But on the flip side of that, I think the way we keep in many ways getting surprised by how good credit is, is a reflection just of the conservatism of both customers and issuers, including Capital One, of course. But I think the industry is, and I think consumers are in a good place relative to the Card business. I think they -- they're cautious but they're -- I think they're stepping up their spending activity, and I think the card industry competitively is in a pretty stable place. And in the balance of growth in credit and all things considered, I think it's a pretty good place for the Card business, and I like how we're positioned with the things we're emphasizing and some of the things we're avoiding and running off to continue to build even increasingly high-quality business and to start sometime next year, really, net growing even beyond the -- some of the runoff.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Well, Ken, we're pretty obsessive about -- and I appreciate your question. We're actually extremely obsessive about the issue of cycle management. And for all the talk we've done over the years of information-based strategies and -- to a segment of one really statistically predicting things, there is huge leverage, and we should never forget it in managing cycles. And we do it, both by looking at metrics but also thinking about the dynamics of competition and the nature of customer choices as well. So my big point I want to make about the Auto business is that it has moved from a lifetime best. And I really believe in our lifetimes, we probably won't see an Auto business with such a confluence of positives sort of happening over the last few years. It has moved from lifetime best toward, if you will, the mean. But it has certainly not crossed over the critical inflection point where you'll see us doing a lot of pulling back and raising red flags and that kind of thing. But the reason we're emphasizing it so much is just to make sure our investors understand this journey from lifetime best to still quite a good place in the Card business. Looking at sort of underwriting and pricing, because what happens is industries don't go to the mean and then beyond it, just all of a sudden that -- it tends to happen sort of one variable at a time. So just looking at the metrics here, on pricing -- I'll talk both about sub-prime and prime. In pricing, the margins are healthy but slowly falling but certainly have ample room for well-above hurdle returns. In prime, the pricing is tight but it's stable. And it's probably -- I think prime is pretty much at sort of an industry equilibrium, as a general statement, on the pricing side. The most critical credit metric is LTVs, and LTVs in both sub-prime and prime are stable and healthy. FICO scores and the choices people make and the types of loans people make at a particular FICO score is pretty stable in both sub-prime and prime. There is a loosening -- there's some loosening of terms. It's still -- the 72 months used to be kind of the outer bound in terms of terms, and there is some sizable growth of the 73-plus category, but it's still a minority of all originations and we're keeping an eye on that. But overall, I think what you're seeing is a business that we're still investing heavily, where we've been growing in and -- but you're also seeing a window into both our management of investors to show the dynamics of how portfolio profitability will naturally move but also to get our muscles developed for continuing to watch the dynamics in an industry like this one and all the others we're in.
Richard D. Fairbank: Don, we have both the capacity and the desire. One thing that was a real plus for us in the HSBC deal, although again, that deal was financially motivated, most importantly. The biggest strategic benefit of the HSBC deal was getting scale in the retail partnership space. And part of the problem if you don't have scale is when one goes out on marketing calls, not only are they saying, "Show me all your references" kind of thing, but also, a lot of times, people want certain capabilities that are too expensive to build one retailer or one partner at a time. So the private label -- we are moving our own partnership business onto the private-label platform from HSBC. It's a good platform. It's scalable, and we feel very good about that. We think they have a great list of partners, and we -- all the attention has gone to the -- our choice to move beyond Best Buy. But actually, we have a blue-chip partner list with Neiman Marcus and Best Buy and General Motors and a long list of retailers. And so we feel very good about that. We are absolutely focused on, in fact, growing this business. And as we've always said, this is an attractive business. It's not about just who can be the biggest but it's about selectively getting the best, the high-quality partners who are motivated to really build the franchise with a partnership deal and a contract that, in fact, can allow a win-win for both parties. So we are absolutely investing in this, we're very optimistic about the prospects of this, and we're happy to get on the other side of our integration now as we've pretty much finished now the integration with HSBC.
Richard D. Fairbank: So Moshe, with respect to the HSBC business and what is or has run off, we've given you a schedule of the run-off portfolio. What we call the run-off portfolio relates to the least-resilient parts of the business that we identified in advanced, and we have been running that off and that's running right on schedule. And then, of course, you have the Best Buy portfolio. But the -- beyond those very clear and calculate-able things, what I really want to share with you and -- is the dynamics within our portfolio and within our choices. Because when we say we are seeing a lot of growth where we are investing in the Card business, we are investing in the transactor space, we're investing in the revolver space and all places other than high balance revolver. And we're poised, as we get to the other side of our integration with HSBC, to continue to invest more in developing the partnership business. The -- but as we've said many times, our choice to avoid high balance revolvers is an important choice with respect to growth metrics because, of course -- when -- both with respect to the origination of customers who are high balance or the choice to take high balance customers we have and run them off. Those are pretty consequential with respect to asset growth. And our point that we've made consistently in these calls -- the calls are we point out the things that we're avoiding, and we're doing that with an absolute eye on resilience. But beyond those choices, the things we're investing in, we're seeing lots of success, solid growth and, in fact, I think some growing momentum that can give us a little bit more growth potential down the road.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bill, it's sort of -- if I understand you, I'm struggling a little bit with the concept of a trend and a peak loss rate because we're at probably troughs of loss rates, if anything, everywhere across the Card business. But I think that -- I think we all should prepare over time for some regression to the mean in the Card business. However, I think that also that while intuitively we're at, and you can just look at pretty much all parts of our business, we were at historical lows in terms of loss rates in particular segments. This isn't -- I mean, I think also part of this reflects a new normal, a new normal reflecting the, frankly, more conservative choices that people are making in the Card business, ourselves included, and to a significant extent, enhanced by the conservatism that we see on the consumer. So intuitively, at some point, I think there should be regression to a higher level of losses in the Card business. But I think that our likelier outlook really is one of stability around this exceptionally strong credit position, and we all should internalize that, that a good part of that just reflects the power of conservative and rigorous underwriting by us and by the industry.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Chris, I mean, I think it was certainly noteworthy, the CFPB's comments that they made regarding the private-label space. And I think like all the other places they are looking, they're going to very rigorously and comprehensibly evaluate practices. We've invested a lot over the years to put ourselves in the position of taking a pretty high-ground position and the conservative choices with respect to practices. Where the CFPB was focusing their commentary with respect to the private-label space, particularly the same as cash products, is something that while they -- that product exists in a few of our partners that we have, it is de minimis in its overall level at Capital One. It's a pretty significant and pretty widespread practice in the private-label space overall. So we'll have to see how that one plays out.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, with respect to, when you're referencing the acquisition space, our energy is focused on sustaining high returns and distributing capital. In the normal course of business, we look from time to time very selectively at opportunities like in partnerships and specialty commercial. There's obviously a tremendous amount of activity going around the edges of banking and particularly, in the payment space. We are heavily investing people who understand what's happening at the edges of that space and, most importantly, to prepare ourselves for digital leadership in the tremendously important area of just regular old banking. And so, to us, that's not a quest to go buy things. That's a quest to really be at the forefront and understand how that fast-moving space is evolving. Recruiting talent, a very, very extensive efforts to recruit native digital talent, not just banking people that happen to have worked in technology, and to make sure in this company that we can be digital and think digital and not get caught in sort of conventional wisdom in the business. So we have a lot of energy into it, but the energy is an organic energy and really focused on an imperative we have in the company to be a digital leader in a tremendously important evolving opportunity here.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, Betsy. We -- we're going at the prepaid space a little differently from some folks. As you know, we acquired the largest -- the nation's largest digital bank and the -- many of the products and the very, very simple checking accounts and the whole business model from that side of the house is very overlapping with the prepaid space, and we're generating our thrust into the space sort of on that side of the business.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I don't want to necessarily bless your exact calculation, but let me just comment about the revenue margin. So first of all, as I mentioned at the outset, that the third quarter had a partial quarter's impact of Best Buy held for sale. So if you adjust for that, the underlying revenue margin is 17.2%, and this is up from the adjusted second quarter revenue margin of 16.8% and it's especially driven there by seasonality. If you think across a number of years about our revenue margin, in 2011, our revenue margin was around 17%. Then we brought in HSBC and we said, actually -- and they had a revenue margin around 17%. And adjusting for those purchase accounting impacts, in 2012, the revenue margin in card was around 17%. Looking at 2013, after adjusting for the Best Buy impacts and deal-related items, we end up with a revenue margin sort of in the low 17s, as the benefits from the removal of Best Buy's low-margin business are roughly kind of offset by some franchise improvements that we announced. In other words, taking some air out of the revenue margin for -- with respect to customer practices. Going forward, there will be, of course, many factors affecting the revenue margin. But I think in the -- the biggest puts and takes will really be the removal of the Best Buy portfolio that will benefit our run rate margins, all else being equal, because Best Buy's margins are materially lower than our portfolio average. And we, of course, have the impact of franchise enhancements that work in the opposite direction, as well as some runoff of the very highest-margin HSBC business that we bought. So that horse race is probably a pretty even race over time. So in some ways, the more things change, the more they stay the same, but we're not here to forecast revenue margin. I'm just giving you some the elements on how to think about that, Betsy.
