Richard Fairbank: Okay. Hey, Sanjay. Yeah. So let’s just talk about the health of the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer continues to be strong. While the savings rate has reverted back to pre-pandemic levels, the cumulative impact of savings over the last two years is still a significant positive. We see this in higher bank account balances and higher household net worth and it is true across the income spectrum. Now, of course, the bulk of government stimulus is now behind us and most industry forbearance programs are winding down. But I think we will see some sustained benefits from consumer deleveraging through the pandemic. Debt servicing burdens are lower than they have been in decades, supported both by deleveraging and by low interest rates. On the other side of the consumer balance sheet, labor market demand remained strong. So in our own portfolio, Sanjay, we see continuing strength in roll rates, cure rates and recovery rates, and even as we see signs of normalization, our credit metrics remain strikingly strong by any historical standard. There are emerging headwinds as well, for example, high price inflation. The inflation has the potential to erode the excess savings, consumers accumulated through the pandemic, especially of price increases continue to run ahead of wage growth and also higher interest rates would push debt servicing burdens back up. But if we pull up on the whole, I’d say consumers are in good shape coming out of the pandemic relative to most historical benchmarks. In fact, the -- I am just learned over the years that, I have got a lot of confidence in how -- what consumers learn from downturns and scares that they have and the choices that they make and I think we are just seeing very rational behavior by consumers. I worry more about markets and how competitors operate and lending practices and things like that, we can save that for another question. But we still feel good about the consumer and look it is a natural thing, it would be an unnatural thing for credit to stay where it is. And so, normalization, the root word in normalization is nor, and there is quite a journey to really sort of an equilibrium place for credit performance. And one of the reasons that we are still leaning pretty hard into our growth opportunities is our confidence in the consumer and our read of the marketplace at this time.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Well, Sanjay, we as a company have been very focused on minimizing fees, just in general for our consumers. Obviously the overdraft announcement was a pretty dramatic case in point there. But even in the Card business, when you look, we really what Capital One has is an APR and a late fee and in some cases a cash advance fee, both of those fees are really to discourage certain behaviors that we don’t think are in the interest of the consumer. So, yes, so our strategy has been to have pricing be upfront and have -- it be clear and very simple. Now late fees or something that we have continued to have late fees, because we wouldn’t want our loved ones ending up paying late on their bill, so just late fee, I think is one of the natural fees that probably makes sense to have on a product. The fed is created a Safe Harbor with respect to late fees, maybe the industry well, that will be revisited and obviously we will watch that as we continue our business.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Hey, Bill. So we have for quite a long time saying, we should all expect normalization. In terms of what we see in normalization, I -- it’s pretty early and pretty modest, in fact, if anything I guess, we would -- we are sort of struck by the how moderate the pace is, but we shouldn’t necessarily count on that, but it is certainly striking so far. What we are seeing in normalization is really across the credit spectrum and across the income spectrum. It does seem that normalization is a bit more pronounced at the lower end of the market, if you sort of measure either in terms of income or credit score. But those are also populations that improved more and more quickly earlier in the pandemic. So that’s -- so I think we are seeing and we would expect this is and across the Boards kind of return toward normal over time. With respect to inflation, we worry a lot about inflation and that is something that, especially if inflation, as we have seen in, what it costs to live is faster than wage inflation. These can put pressures and sometimes can put pressures more on the -- in the Main Street America. And so it’s something that we worry quite a bit about and I think that, it would be very natural for these inflation pressures to put more pressure on consumers.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Over the years, we have worked hard to originate accounts, and we have said, it’s kind of a coiled spring of growth opportunity and we uncoil the spring gradually based on customer performance and also the marketplace. And so we have as part of the growth that you see, while it’s being powered by very strong originations and in some return to spending in Card usage by the back book, we also have been selectively increasing credit lines. Nothing dramatic, but it’s consistent with my earlier comments about the consumer, and again, with great demonstration by the performance of our customers, we have been selectively increasing credit lines and I think I don’t see anything that would change our lean in that direction. Again, it’s selective and it assumes a worsening environment, it assumes normalization in all of those things. So I don’t think we would be setup to be surprised there and I don’t see -- I don’t have any conversations about trying to reverse that direction.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, John. I have not -- look, recently a discretionary versus non-discretionary, so I don’t want to speculate on that. I will tell you a thing that is -- certainly striking is what’s happening with T&E spend these days. Just by way of comparison T&E spend was up 90%, compared to the first quarter of 2021. Of course, that was a very depressed quarter. But up around 20% from first quarter 2019 level. So there is a lot of -- I think would people sort of just bursting out and wanting to free themselves from some of what they have been through in the pandemic, we certainly see strength there. But I think your question about, as really inflation hits and we see just a lot of downstream effects that can happen from that, that certainly could impact Card spend. But I would say a lot of the traction that we have in Card spend is coming from our -- are really spender focused business, and frankly, heavy spender focused business and I think that, I am not sure that a change in inflation is going to have necessarily that much impact on the propensity of the heavy spenders to spend.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Ryan, I do have a smile at your comment, because often we have zagged while -- zig while others zag and we have -- you and I in fact have chatted about that and the reason sometimes behind it. Because it’s not just an accident that sometimes has been our pattern, because part of what we are reading is the competitive marketplace and that has impact on the opportunity and on credit performance and selection dynamics and a lot of things. So your question is a great one, but I think a lot of companies out there to see the strength of the consumer. They are sort of feeling the consumer, sort of roaring back with respect to more normal activities. And I think people are leaning into to take advantage of that and certainly we are. But we -- let me talk a little bit just about the competition in the Card business. We certainly know that there is elevated marketing. All the companies are pretty much coming out and showing more marketing, talking about more marketing, so that is happening and we have a careful eye to see what that does to the opportunity that we are experiencing. But I will kind of come back to our opportunity there, but certainly marketing levels are elevated. Competition in the rewards space is probably a notch more intense than pre-pandemic levels, but it’s pretty stable in recent quarters and not what I would call irrational. Certainly incredibly good players at the top of the market and there is a lot of competition there, but that hasn’t really altered our view of the opportunity, either APRs generally been stable. Turning to the fintechs for a second, obviously we have seen a lot of, buy now pay later activity. I think that we should note that the fintechs who are in the lending business have been lending in the greatest rearview mirror of credit -- industry credit performance that you could ever imagine. And businesses like instalment lending based businesses sometimes are pretty sensitive in that environment. So I -- but we continue to see quite a bit of activity on fintechs as well. But on the Card side, before I turn to Auto, all -- we have an eye on the competition, I think generally the competition while intense is not unreasonable, we have not seen the big changes in people’s underwriting policy, the kinds of things that -- we haven’t seen dramatic changes in pricing. So I think it’s more, I would label it at the intense level that we would expect that a time like this, but not unreasonable and not something that would cause us to move off our pretty strong lean into the growth opportunity. So in the Auto business, let me just talk a little bit about this. The competition in the Auto business continues to remain intense. It’s showing up across the Board from credit unions, big banks and small independent lenders, and it’s playing out across all Credit segments. And you just kind of double-click into that for a second, credit unions that have been wash with deposits, they have been gaining significant share, consistent with what we have observed during prior cycles and especially as interest rates go up a little bit. And let’s talk in fact about rising interest rates. I think it’s almost always the case in business that when in a sense a cost of goods sold rises, there typically is a lag and how that makes it way into consumer pricing. What we have -- as I mentioned in the earlier comments, we have not seen the marketplace, the auto marketplace yet respond in terms of pricing relative to what’s actually happening to interest rates, so there is a some compression there. I think typically what we have seen in the past is competitors respond with differing speeds to interest rate increases. So sometimes players like credit unions tend to and maybe they have different FTP methodologies or whatever it tend to be sort of the slowest to respond, but we -- so we will have to keep an eye on that. But I think that, we are really excited about our opportunity in the Auto business. The technology products that we have out there are really cutting edge and getting a huge amount of traction. Our -- I is just very careful on the pricing out there and also just whether there is an over exuberance relative to the number of planets that are aligned in the auto lending business, particularly what sort of happened to used car values and is -- and in fact that still there, just keep an eye on whether that industry can remain as rational as it’s been in the last couple of years.
Richard Fairbank: So, Betsy, we continue to see elevated payment rates across our customer base and while lately it’s been sort of flattening out if you will, I mean, payment rates are just well above pre-pandemic levels. And while not a perfect proxy, you can see these trends in our trust metrics where the payment rate in March remained close to 50%. One of the more recent drivers of higher repayment rates is really the flip side of amazingly strong credit and healthy consumer balance sheets and we certainly expect consumer credit to gradually normalize, maybe you know it’s kind of been happening a little slower than one might otherwise expect. And I certainly believe payment rates will remain sort of the flip side of really strong credit. So over time, the normalization of credit plausibly leads to some normalization of higher payment -- of normal, excuse me, a payment rate. I think there is another phenomenon happening sort of on little cat feet, behind our payment rate numbers and that is that each year we are gaining more and more traction with heavy spenders. Also you may remember for years we talked about, gosh, this goes all the way back to the Great Recession, Capital One’s systematic avoidance of high balance revolvers, which leaves a lot of revenue and earnings on the table during the good times, but is a move for the sake of resilience. But I think this sort of systematic effects of avoiding high balance revolvers and the systematic effects of more and more traction with heavy spenders also has created somewhat of a sort of more sustainable change in our payment rate as well. But, certainly, probably, the biggest factor of the moment is the rate at which consumers are being so creditworthy and putting so much of their money into payments.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So, Moshe, with respect to the lower end consumers, it’s less about, let’s imagine we don’t have to do very much imagining to envision environments that are more difficult than this one, where the consumers in a more challenged place where the competitors are -- have gone a whole notch more aggressive. And what I think is more our pattern in that case is to particularly use the credit line lever to manage the risk as opposed to just a big dial back say in origination machines. So we just more cautious online, try to continue to build the franchise, maybe not as aggressively as sometimes. But, again, we have over our 30 years, Moshe, in building sort of Main Street franchise, really do a lot of the regulating and things on the loan side . On heavy spenders we continued to find so much traction and what I have often said about the quest for heavy spenders, unlike a lot of things that I have seen in our business journey, this is not a thing that is very well suited to a blitz here a pullback of blitz and a pull back. Now, that doesn’t mean we wouldn’t be dialing the knobs up and down, on certain things like marketing or choices or product or whatever. But this is and I think there is a reason that not very many players are really, really successful at the top of the market. This is about really building a franchise at that end of the market. That’s not just taking regular consumer products and addressing them up with more rewards or the fancy advertising and the -- that’s why, I mentioned, this journey that were like in the 12th year of the journey where we declared we are going to just keep moving up market. One can’t do it overnight. It’s something you have to earn along the way. But all of our metrics continue to show traction and success, traction on brand metrics as well, and pretty much all the customer metrics, you have seen what’s happening on purchase volumes, the -- when we track, the things that we have booked over the years we sort of love the annuities we are booking. So that to me is something that we are going to keep pursuing as we have for a long time. But what we will -- the things that we will throttle along the way are certain marketing choices, certain product choices, but that one, that I partly shared -- I want to share this a little bit more about this today that that’s a journey that Capital One has been on as part of our central part of our strategy in Card for a lot of years.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Don, thank you. We have been focused on improving our operating efficiency ratio for years. And the pandemic also accelerated technology race and raised the stakes for all players across many industries and certainly in banking. And I think for every player the clock is ticking on their tech readiness and companies are waking up to the investment imperative. And we have talked about the investment flowing into fintechs is breathtaking and the arms race for tech talent is fierce is that I have seen in any time in my career and in any job family. So there is an urgency in responding to the marketplace. But I do want to also say that the fast-moving marketplace is also the creator of our opportunity and I think Capital One is uniquely positioned to take advantage of that opportunity and that’s why we are investing now. So really this is very similar message to what I said last quarter. What I have been saying for a long time, we are still very focused on the opportunity to drive operate -- operating efficiency improvement over the longer term. The engine that powers it is revenue growth and digital productivity gains. But the timing of efficiency improvement needs to incorporate the imperatives of the current marketplace. So, but delivering positive operating leverage over time continues to be an incredibly important north star to us and frankly one of the most important payoffs of our technology journey and an important element of how we deliver long-term value. So I think you have sort of seen -- you can see some of the effects of what I am talking about in the first quarter operating efficiency and when you adjust for gains from portfolio sales in the quarter. So I think it’s very similar conversation to what I was saying last time, we can see some of the evidence of that in the quarterly numbers, but the current pressure doesn’t change at all, our belief in the longer term opportunity to drive operating efficiency improvement.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So when you are talking about, yeah, Commercial you are talking about here in our business Card -- business Credit Card. You may have seen the ads on TV that talk about no preset spending limit that’s more complicated way to just say in a sense, not a credit limit that gets hard wired. This is something that is you know, dynamically there isn’t a credit line per say this is dynamic transaction underwriting in real time. It’s a very hard thing to build. It’s taken us years to get there and it’s absolutely a -- one of the many, many benefits of the tech transformation we have done and the journey to the cloud in the building of modern applications in modern platforms. And so, I have always said to -- investors will often ask where can I see, where is the -- I want to reach out and touch the benefit of your tech transformation and all the money we have spent on that. And I have said, look, there is not going to be any one thing, that you point out and say, oh, my gosh, that’s I now see everything. This is about this journey -- is a journey that when we -- when years ago when we kind of said, some day we would like to do this thing over here, some day we would like to do that. We would also like to have much better efficiency, we would like to better risk management, we would like to do lots of things and a striking thing was, all the things that we wanted to do, usually in life, they are -- you have to pick some and it’s all about trade-offs. What I am struck by in this journey is a shared path to all the things that years ago we set out to do and that path relates to building modern technology across the company and from the bottom of the tech stack up and that is what we have done. And then over time, you as investors will see manifestations of that. See while that Auto Navigator product Capital One built that can underwrite every car in America and for any consumer in a fraction of the second that’s striking and then one sees, well also -- you actually have a no preset spending limit that’s striking. And we didn’t do the journey for the sake of any one of those, but I think on an increasing basis, investors will see examples of things that are -- that stand on the shoulders of the years of investment we have made in technology. And things that also by themselves like this Card thing we are talking about is itself, within that journey that took a bunch of years. But it’s all about working backwards from wins with customers and that’s why we are doing that.
Richard Fairbank: So, John, as I often say with the smile, Capital One was one of the original fintechs. We are a fintech -- before fintechs were word. But if you think about what we did is, we built a lending company, we started with Cards that we ultimately building a broad based financial institution. One thing that enabled that journey to happen is the advent of the capital markets and we were able to ride the very mediocre growth Capital One in the ‘90s based on securitizations and things and so we were very grateful for that. But at the same time we then did, probably one of the most things that I think most shocked our investors, I guess, it shocked because you spent a lot of years talking about it before we did it, but striking thing when we chose to transform our company to a traditional bank balance sheet, because we want to create much greater resilience in our funding. So the reason I mentioned that is, as we were in the old days and as fintechs that are built on securitization, have an opportunity to grow quickly. But they also have a just an inherent structural challenge with resilience. So, for all of them, they need to and their investors need to keep a careful eye on that. I want to talk just a little bit about, you mentioned, some of the lending results and some of the uptick. So first of all, we shouldn’t be surprised to see upticks and delinquencies just for companies in general, whether they are banks or some of the fintechs. Typically, companies that have a less of a history of consumer credit data are probably more challenged with respect to how to read this rearview mirror. I mean, for example, let’s just say, that you created a fintech in the last couple of years, how would one look in the rear view mirror and determine where resilience is and where it isn’t, since in general pretty much everybody did well. So that’s one of the challenge any new company has is building deepen of credit history to do that. So I’d say that’s just a challenge they bring to the table, it’s not their fault. There is nothing. It’s just -- it’s a structural thing. The other thing that always happens with normalization, as normalization tends to happen faster on front books than back books and so part of what you may be seeing on fintechs is, if their high growth fintechs, just the proportion that their front book represents as a percentage of the whole is quite different and it would be surprising if they didn’t normalize faster, given that typically front books normalize faster than back books. And a lot of us have seasoned back books with years of experience with them and that’s also very helpful in normalization journey. So as one that was an original fintech, I have great fascination with the fintechs, lot of respect for a lot of things they are doing. But also know that, there is some structural things that they are going to have to confront that they and their investors will have to keep an eye on.
Andrew Young: Yeah. Rick, it’s Andrew. I mean, we disclosed the overall gains between the two portfolios of $192 million. The two portfolios combined, you saw probably last year when they got marked held for sale were roughly $4 billion, but below the surface there we are not going to get into specifically the run rate of revenue or the expenses associated with that in part, because we are growing the rest of the portfolio and you are going to see partnership businesses come in and out over time.
Andrew Young: Well, John, when you quote the -- this is Andrew, by the way. When you quote the reserve level, keep in mind that there pretty significantly different reserve levels by asset class and so the total company level, of course, is influenced by that mix. So I would suggest we decompose it a bit by each of them since auto was a little bit below where it was on CECL day one and that’s largely a function of the elevated used car prices, our mix in prime. So we are seeing loss rates that are much below, I think, 66 basis points was the number this quarter. And so all else equal, you would expect that our coverage ratio there would be well below, what it was at adoption and yet, it’s only a little bit below and that’s for the qualitative factors there. But the largest factor to the total company reserve will clearly be Card. And that’s one where I think it’s always helpful to just start with a reminder of how that allowance is constructed, because answering your question is really dependent on a number of assumptions, where quite frankly your guess could be as good as mine. And so with Card, the first thing that goes into the allowance is just the expectation of future losses and recoveries and you can see within our delinquency bucket in the near-term, but beyond that, we assume that there is a relatively swift normalization of losses from those unusually strong levels, historically strong. The second is the size of the balance sheet, which he saw this quarter is growing at a quite healthy pace when you normalize quarter-over-quarter for seasonal effects and certainly up 19%, I think the number is in Q1 for Card relative to a year ago. And then the third input is that level of qualitative factors and that’s really just to account for a variety of risks related to inflation and various things that are impacting that and just uncertainty in the more macro economy. And so the future allowance is really going to be determined by how all of those effects net out. The one thing that I will just remind you is, what we call the quarter swap effect and that is as credit begins to normalize, we will be replacing a currently low loss quarter with a slightly higher loss quarter, so that’s another thing that will create pressure, all else equal. But if favorable credit trends continue and the factors driving those qualitative reserve subside, we could see the allowance be down to flat. But if normalization plays out and we are growing at a significant clip, I wouldn’t anticipate that we will see allowance release, in fact, I can see allowance build. So it’s really just a function of all of those factors. Sorry for the long-winded technical answer there, but I just think all of those factors are really important for you to understand, because the range of outcome on the allowance is quite large.
Andrew Young: Yeah. I recall that in January, we did not have an active program at the time, so our Board authorized $5 billion and capital levels were even higher than they are today at that point. And so earlier this month in conjunction with the approval of the capital plan in our CCAR submission they authorized an additional $5 billion, which coincides with the capital plan and therefore would be available at the start of the third quarter. But in terms of the pace of that activity, it feels a little bit different than it did when we were at 14.5% over a year ago. To your point like asymptotically we are sort of heading towards 11% and so the pace of repurchases is as always is going to be dependent on our primary use of capital for loan growth and then the dividends. But beyond that, we are going to keep a really close eye on just the level of capital and earnings and growth and end market dynamics and take advantage of the fact that we are able to operate under the SCB framework and maintain that flexibility. So nothing specific in terms of the timeline there, but just wanted to be clear about the approvals when we announced it a few weeks ago.
Andrew Young: Sure. Moshe, it’s Andrew. And recognizing that retail deposits are 85% of our portfolio, I will focus on that and over the last gosh six-ish years we had the falling rate cycle over the last couple where betas were right around 50% and then the last rising cycle, which was from the late 2015, I think, to early 2019, our cumulative beta was right around 40% and so betas are generally slow to rise over the first couple of hikes. But keep in mind is that last rising rate cycle we had eight hikes over 3.5 years, I believe it was, whereas in this cycle we could see four hikes that each equal 25 basis points and get up to 250 or 275 is forward suggest quite quickly. So I could make a case that industry betas will be higher or lower than that history. On the lower side there is elevated deposit balances across the industry, that loan-to-deposit ratios are quite low, industry NIMs are low and we are moving off a zero floor. But the flip side is the larger and quicker rate hikes, the possibility of some more aggressive pricing by institutions that are more reliant, on those funds to deposits to fund loan growth and institutional surge deposit run-off. So just want to give you a flavor of -- I think there is a lot that we are going to learn over the course of the next few months. But as we look at all and have a point estimate, that kind of run through all of our assumptions and our point estimate at this point is that, going to largely be in line with that rising, the last rising cycle of something like 40 basis points that starts-off a little slower and picks-up. But again they start-off slower might be a particularly condensed timeframe relative to what we saw in that last cycle.
