Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, I think what we see is something that's very stable. The U.S. consumer remains a source of strength in the overall economy. Of course, the labor market remains strikingly resilient. Rising incomes have kept consumer debt servicing burdens relatively low by historical standards despite high interest rates. When we look at our customers, we see that on average, they have higher bank balances than before the pandemic and this is true across income levels. On the other hand, inflation shrank real incomes for almost two years and we've only recently seen real wage growth turn positive again. And in this high interest rate environment, the cost of new borrowing has gone up in every major asset class, mortgages, auto loans, and credit cards. So we'll obviously keep an eye on that. And I think at the margin, these effects are almost certainly stretching some consumers financially. But on the whole, I think I'd say consumers are in reasonably good shape relative to most historical benchmarks. And as our credit numbers came in five months [Technical Difficulty] I'm sorry. Can you hear me? Can you still hear me? You can hear me, okay? I just had some cross message coming in on my phone. But with respect to credit, we were very pleased with the credit performance in the quarter. We had talked a bit about the seasonality, maybe people want to ask question about that, but we saw basically pulling up, we see things settling out nicely in the card business and there things are very strong in the auto business.
Richard Fairbank: Sure, Mihir. Like, what we've seen at least within our walls and you saw it as evidence of it this quarter in a quarter where seasonally you typically see a decline in deposit balances. Looking at H8 (ph) data, we saw a few -- I think it was $4 billion of growth. We've been quite pleased over the course of the last couple of years with all of the investments we've made over many years in building a deposit franchise and are certainly benefiting from that. And so with respect to the beta going forward, first, looking at what we saw in the upcycle here in the total cumulative beta that we've seen in this cycle this quarter, I think cumulatively it was 62% and so assuming that the Fed's next move is to bring rates down. It's hard to precisely predict what's going to happen to deposit costs and therefore betas, and in particular, the pace of those declines because market dynamics, competitive pricing actions, other actions related to companies looking to potentially preserve NIM, that's going to drive betas in the future cycle. But I think you get a pretty good sense for our pricing and mix based on what you saw in the upcycle and within that backdrop that I just described, that's going to influence what happens to our beta on the way down.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, thank you so much. Just with respect to spending, we see pretty proportional movements in discretionary versus non-discretionary spending, nothing really striking there when we look at the portfolio spending metrics. The spend per customer is really pretty flat. When you see spend growth at a company like Capital One, the purchase volume growth is really being driven by the new accounts. So things are really pretty stable, flat and stable, healthy, but pretty flat on a per-customer basis. With respect to the question about the gradual transition of our portfolio to a higher end customer, let me just pull up and talk about that. We have for decades been a company that sort of serves the mass market really from the top of the credit spectrum through to even down to some subprime customers. And we have continued very consistently with this strategy, probably the most striking thing though that's happened over the last 10 or 14 years, I guess, 14 years ago is when we launched the Venture Card. We have systematically leaned into going after the top of the market, not leaving the other behind, but really as an additive strategy. And we have continued through our marketing and through the products that we're offering to just keep moving higher and higher in terms of the target customers and the traction that we're getting. And by the way, we continue even as we're growing purchase volume overall, where we see the highest growth rates in purchase volume are as we go higher in the market. So we're very happy about that. And when we think about the portfolio effects that happened there, this is one thing that we see is that payment rates have along that journey gone up quite a bit at Capital One. And when we look to see our payment rates coming back to where they were pre-pandemic, they sort of -- they probably just aren't going to return all the way because that would be a reflection of the portfolio shift. We just in general have had the kind of mix shift that you'd expect with higher payment rates and a -- just higher levels of spend, higher spend rates in the business and that's been very successful. So -- but from an outstanding's point of view, it doesn't -- the top of the market business doesn't have that much impact on outstandings because these folks generally pay in full. So when you see the outstandings movements of Capital One, it's pretty consistently driven by the mass market part of our business. It's just that inside some of the portfolio, metrics are moving because of the mix shift toward more spenders.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Okay. So let's just pull up for a minute on just talking about how the subprime consumer is holding up. So, way back in the global financial crisis, we observed that credit metrics in subprime moved earlier in both directions. Subprime, also worsened less on a percentage basis than prime, but of course, it -- in absolute delta, it still moved more. In the pandemic, subprime credit moved more and more quickly than prime. It normalized more quickly and appears to be stable and appeared basically to stabilize sooner as well. And that's in the context of lower income consumers seeing disproportionate benefits of government aid and forbearance on financial products and then the unwinding of that over time. And so subprime is, of course, not synonymous with lower income, although they're correlated and we saw these effects across credit both in talking about the credit spectrum and also the income gradients. So on the other hand, just a couple of other effects just on the credit side that have happened over the recent years. Subprime consumers have been subject to more industry credit supply, including fintech competition during and after the pandemic. So that's been something we've always kept a close eye on and worried about whether that was going to disproportionately impact the credit performance of subprime for customers. I don't really -- I mean, given the overall pretty strong performance in subprime, I think we haven't seen that effect too much. And another thing to point out is that income growth has been consistently higher for lower income consumers over the past several years and this is the opposite of what we saw during and after the global financial crisis. But while no two cycles alike -- are alike, I think again we're seeing that subprime consumers and lower income consumers again they're not the same thing, but they tend to move earlier, but not necessarily more than the overall market. Now when you -- let's talk a little bit about payment rates. So throughout the course of the pandemic, payment rates increased not only for us but across the industry. And more recently payment rates have drifted down from pandemic highs as the effects of stimulus have waned. And the payment rates generally we have seen this effect, so the effect that we've seen of payment rates going down relative to where they were, one to two years ago relative to their peak basically. In every part of our business, they have come down, but are still above where they were pre-pandemic. And again, I think part of that is the mix effect that we talked about in the prior question. There is a mix effect not only across our whole portfolio but even within the segments of our portfolio, we just had more emphasis on the spender side versus the revolver side internally. And so I think you see some of that showing up in the metrics. One other thing I want to say is that talk about your question about minimum payments. So we have simultaneously -- we're sort of seeing an effect where payment rates while they're going down, continue to be well above pre-pandemic levels, even as minimum -- the percentage of customers paying minimum payments. This by the way is not a subprime effect. This is a portfolio effect I'm talking about. The percent of customers paying minimum payments is also somewhat above pre-pandemic levels. Now, it seems a little odd to have both of those effects happening at the same time. But I think in many ways this is a very natural way that normalization is happening. And you've heard us talk for a long time now about what we call the delayed charge-off effect in consumer credit that so many customers got stimulus and forbearance that I think a lot of people who otherwise would have charged off were able to avoid that charge-off. Many, hopefully, we're able to permanently avoid that, but for some, we have believed it was more of a deferral of an inevitability and this phenomenon of delayed charge-offs, which can't be separately measured, we believe is a driving factor behind why credit has been settling out higher than pre-pandemic. Because I think there's just a delayed charge-off effect for some of these customers who otherwise would have charged off earlier. And that then would be consistent with a very healthy consumer payment rates generally even being higher than pre-pandemic, but there is a tail of consumers paying a higher percentage on minimum payments, and some of them going through a charge-off that might have otherwise happened a few years earlier.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Bill, yeah, let me make a couple of comments on credit. Let me seize a moment in the spirit of Henry Kissinger who says, I hope you have questions for my answers. I -- let me just ask myself a question, so I can answer it because it's going to -- it's set the table for answering your question. Which you may remember last quarter, we pointed at tax refund patterns and said that there may be a new seasonality pattern emerging and it would be too early to call that but it was making it a little bit -- things were not following as closely on a month-by-month basis to some pre-pandemic delinquency patterns that our hypothesis was three months ago that we're seeing a tax refund effect. So let me just talk about that for a second and then Bill, I'll pull up and talk about just sort of what does this mean for sort of how I feel about where we are with respect to credit. So, the -- let's just talk for a second about how seasonality works. We've always seen seasonal credit patterns in our card business and our portfolio trend, they have in generally been more -- they've had more pronounced seasonal patterns than the industry average. I think that's because we have a higher subprime component and those customers are even more linked I think to the seasonal patterns associated with tax refunds, that would be our hypothesis there. Now the second quarter tends to be the seasonal low point for delinquencies and Q4 tends to be the seasonal high point for delinquencies. Card losses lag relative to delinquencies, the losses tend to be seasonally lowest in the third quarter and highest in the first quarter. Now, we believe that tax refunds, again are a significant driver of these seasonal trends. And tax refunds drive a large seasonal improvement in delinquent payments in the February, March time period, which then flows through to lower delinquencies in April and May and then to lower charge-offs. And tax refunds also drive a seasonal uptick in our recoveries. So the tax code actually new tax withholding rules went into effect way back in 2020. They were passed in 2019, went into effect in 2020, but the pandemic and the normalization since then have kind of swamped seasonality. So we haven't really got -- been able to get a really good read at it -- of it. So we've tended to benchmark to the seasonality of pre-pandemic like 2018 and 2019. But we've now had several more months to look at this pattern and we're seeing a pattern. Well, let me back up. What we've done is what we call de-trending of our credit metrics. So we in hindsight, take the trends out of them to the best we can, so we can see what the net seasonality effects are. And on a detrended basis, last year showed a seasonality with less amplitude on the high side and the low side than had previously been seen pre-pandemic. We assumed that was probably again a manifestation of the new behaviors going in with the new tax refunds. As we now have seen this tax season play out, the seasonality, the payment patterns have been very close to our de-trended 2023 line, so that we believe that we are seeing and it's very plausible, we are seeing a new seasonality. I just want to share that with investors. So later tax refunds and later and lower sort of -- lower the seasonal improvement in delinquencies. But we think the seasonal increase in delinquencies that we see in the back half of the year, likely will also be less pronounced going forward than it has been in the past. All of this by the way happens in auto seasonality but in an even faster, more concentrated way. So we -- what we see, we felt it was a little bit noisy. Last quarter when we were talking to you, we were finding each quarter things were coming in a little bit. I mean, the second derivative was still doing great things. But relative to our sort of close in expectations based on seasonality, things were a little bit off. With the revised seasonality, what we see is things very nicely settling out in card credit. And we feel very good about the last couple of months that came in relative to that new seasonality curve. So I think settling out is the real word from here. Given that from -- but to your question about peak, we're not really going to -- we're not giving really forward guidance about declarations at peak. But from a seasonal point of view, things should head down from here in Q3, and then sort of pop up around October. October is often a month, we tend to get just a little bit of an October surprise, so we'll keep an eye on that. But the other thing I just want to say about credit is our recoveries inventory is starting to rebuild and that should be a gradual tailwind to our losses over time, all else being equal. And then other than the economy, I think the other real factor that's going to drive credit performance for us and other issuers in the next couple of years will be, what is the size of this delayed charge-off effect from the pandemic. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So, hey, Don, it's an interesting thing. We always seem to zag while others -- zig while others zag in the auto business. As we discussed in the last quarter, we have an optimistic outlook on the auto business. We're seeing a lot of success in the auto business and our investments in infrastructure are also reaping a lot of benefits for us. So just on the numbers, our originations grew 21% versus last year in Q1 and the trend continues in Q2 with 18% growth on the year-over-year quarter. And the loss performance has normalized and it's stable. We -- very importantly, we made -- intervened and made an adjustment for what we felt was credit score inflation that was happening during the pandemic. And so we pulled back in '22 and '23 by just in a sense, worsening the otherwise scores one would see under a belief that they were artificially inflated. And that enabled our vintages all through this period of time, '22, '23, and all through the normalization to perform very well. We like the economics of the loans were originated and we're very satisfied with the performance of the overall portfolio. So when we think about the headwinds in the business, interest rates remain high. And of course, that along with high vehicle values continues to pressure affordability. And auto, used car prices, which are still high relative to historical standards, they are probably in a position to gradually be coming down. So we'll have to keep an eye on that. For a long time, we were concerned about the margins in the business because competitors had not passed through higher interest rates into the cost of the auto loans. We pulled back quite a bit, Don, as you remember during that period of time. We have seen those margins basically return to where they were. So I think that's a pretty good sign there. So all things considered, with a watchful eye on used car values, we are seeing enhanced opportunities in the auto business with margins that have a good resilience to them and quite a bit improved relative to the period where we were raising the alarm bells a bit about what was happening to the effective resilience in that business. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So, thank you. I think the -- well, the Walmart partnership is a very unique one, that I think there is not a lot to extrapolate to other partners on that. I think we've ended up in a situation there where we -- the loss share was a very good thing. So we're going to be carrying around loss rates that are something on the order of 40 basis points higher on our portfolio for that. So we'll have to just make sure we all see that, but we've got the full economics on the business increasingly that portfolio -- the portfolio we inherited is now very seasoned and the rest of it is the portfolio we ourselves originated. So we know it well. And I think that we feel very good about that. So the partnership business is a very partner-by-partner business. I think where people get into trouble is feeling they've got to drive to a certain scale. We all know scale matters in the credit card business and scale matters in the partnership business. But here's the thing, we have certainly learned over time how unique or how individual different partnerships are. And we've seen great ones, we've seen not so great ones. Here is Moshe, what we -- if I pull up on the patterns of what we most look for. It's first of all a healthy franchise, a company that is itself healthy and that's certainly a good sign. Now the credit card business does have a pretty good default structure whereby if a partner runs into trouble and can't continue, we inherit the portfolio, which now Walmart of course is a very strong company, but we're -- here's an example of inheriting a portfolio, where I think things are going to continue very successfully there. But the other thing that we really look for is what is the reason that the partner is driving this either co-brand or private-label business. Is it to -- is the -- on one end of a continuum is it’s the sheer quest for profits? And on the other end of the continuum, it is having the card partnership at the -- as a centerpiece in driving a franchise. And the behaviors that a partner has, the incentives that get baked into programs, they tend to be very driven by where on that continuum one is. We've walked away from a lot of opportunities over the years where things were just too focused on the card partnership as sort of the means to drive profit for the partner at more so than a way to really build a franchise. But those are some of the patterns, there are always exceptions to every rules -- for every rule. But -- so we're still very much a believer in the card partnership business, but the key is, we're going to be selective and never knowing that it's an auction based business, that's the other thing. One has to really be willing to walk away when the price is right. So with that, those are my thoughts, Moshe.
