Steve Crawford: Thanks Jeff, I’ll begin tonight with slide 3. Capital One earned $920 million or $1.58 per share in the fourth quarter. Net of adjusting items, we earned $1.67 per share. Pre-provision earnings were down from the third quarter as higher revenues were more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses, driven by seasonal and growth-related costs. Provision for credit losses increased as we recognized higher charge-offs and a larger allowance build. On December 1, we closed on the acquisition of the GE Healthcare business, including $8.3 billion of loans and $500 million of goodwill. In addition to one month of operating earnings, there were two adjusting items related to the close of the deal. We had a $49 million allowance build related to pass rated loans and $20 million of deal related costs. As a reminder, for the acquired GE loans, we are required to account for term loans with credit deterioration under SOP 03-3, and current and revolving loans under our traditional loan accounting processes. Of the acquired loans, $835 million are accounted for as 03-3 loans. Turning to full year results, 2015 pre-provision earnings of $10.4 billion were up 3% year-over-year as higher revenue was partially offset by higher non-interest expense. Net income for 2015 was down 11% as higher pre-provision earnings were more than offset by additional provision from credit losses. Full-year efficiency ratio was 54.3%, excluding adjusting items. As you can see on slide 4, reported net interest margin increased 6 basis points in the fourth quarter to 6.79%, in line with the prior-year increase. Turning to slide 5, as of the end of 2015, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 11.1%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standard fully phased-in basis, it was 10.7%. We reduced our net share count by 7.6 million shares in the quarter. We expect to complete our previously announced buyback program in the second quarter of 2016. [Technical Difficulty] $91 million over the prior year. Assuming no new issuance, we would expect to pay out approximately $205 million in preferred dividends in 2016. Specific quarterly payout schedules can be found in our regulatory filings. With that, let me turn it over to Rich.
Steve Crawford: Not at all, Betsy. Guidance in ‘16 exactly the same. So all we are doing is adding ‘17 with some caution. That’s a lot further in the future. And, again, there it’s all about growth math. 
Steve Crawford: Betsy, we are trying to give that to be helpful. And I know you’ve heard that in a lot of other places, but part of the reticence of estimates like this is you've got the price impact alone, but then you’ve got idiosyncratic things that can happen in particular credits that can be just as important. So what we are just talking about is really just a mathematical calculation of what would happen if the prices were closer to where they were currently.
Steve Crawford: I think the thing that's been surprising today, is it hasn't shown up in consumer spending to the way that people would have expected. But obviously where it's going instead is to paying off debt, and given that we are in the credit business, that's not a bad thing either.
Steve Crawford: I don't know that we talk much about changes in deposit data. I mean, we've often observed and when asked about it that the direct business does have higher beta than some of the more traditional forms of gathering deposits. But I think what you as investors are most interested in kind of the total cost of those liabilities, and it's not just about beta, it's also about mix. And one of the most profound things that's happened on the liability side is the shift in mix, with much of it going in the non-interest bearing. You haven't seen nearly as much of that at Capital One. So we would in general expect to have higher betas than the peers just as a result of the higher contribution of our direct and online business. But I think the mix is kind of something on the other side. I don't think you'll ever see us venture out too far. There have been so many fundamental changes in the marketplace, regulatory, technology changes that I'm not sure of past is going to be prologue, but we like our funding position and the fact that it's diversified across traditional and direct channels.
Steve Crawford: So on the net income side, like I think we've told you that on the top line, it's primarily going to be a function of loans. Rich is giving you a directional guide on where we expect to go from an efficiency standpoint. Actually, I know you listened to our call, so now with two years of charge-offs, you can actually get a pretty reasonable view on not only what net charge-offs might be, but also what the allowance needs might be in the coming year. Obviously, there is a little bit of a new factor in commercial with respect to losses that make that less a function of card losses. And then the last piece is, we've had an increase in preferred dividends. So we've given you some of the important building blocks there, which I think are due to fill in.
Steve Crawford: Your instinct is pretty good. I mean, there are some other factors if you went back in the history, you would see, it kind of depends a little bit on where you are on the cycle. But the biggest driver of it is going to be credit. There is a little bit more seasonality to it, because it's a six to seven-month calculation as opposed to charge-offs, which are 12 months. So there is a little bit of seasonality into it. But with most of our figures, we try and point people to annual numbers and it should follow more of what's going on in the credit front.
Steve Crawford: Yeah. The one thing -- as an example, the reason we try and point to longer-term trends is the rewards liability can kind of obscure the underlying trends on any particular quarter, which is why you’re better off looking at it on a longer basis. Next question please.
Steve Crawford: Yeah. So, look, I think most of the industry has kind of looked at on a return on tangible equity and there were, I think a little over closer to 13% this quarter. And what we have said, what Rich has consistently said was that he believes we should be at the higher end of banks with respect to growth and returns. We haven't seen the final league tables. My guess is this year, we’ll probably not be at the higher end. That’s not a commitment we make every year. Obviously, you’ve heard an enormous amount of our discussion over the past two years about this being a window of opportunity for us to grow and that that growth in both the card business and digital is obviously something that costs money. Rich, I don’t know if you want…
Steve Crawford: Look, we're not going to speculate too much about what's going to happen going forward. I do think it's worthwhile pointing out, remember that we have a CCAR plan that's been approved through the second quarter of 2016. So, there is not really a tremendous amount of flexibility outside of what's already been approved, some, but not a lot.
Steve Crawford: I don't think there is anything, Rich, I'm not aware of anything in particular to point out in multi-family and I don't think there was any additions from GE.
Steve Crawford: I just want to add, the specific word on efficiency was we expect some improvement in ‘16 and more in ‘17, just to go back to the actual language.
Steve Crawford: Well, that concludes our call this evening. Thank you very much for joining us on the call this evening and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Have a good night.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, Bill, there's nothing really dramatic. There is really - the auto story is the same story we've been saying for quite some time. So for at least a year now, we have been flagging that in the subprime marketplace we see practices that are inconsistent with where we want to go from an underwriting point of view and we raised the flag about that in our calls, and we have said and continue to say today that within the context of maintaining, doing credit the way we want to do it, we are going to still go for as much origination as we can do in the subprime auto space. And the kind of net effect of this going on for a number of quarters, as we have signaled, it just - this is the first quarter that actually subprime originations are down, but it's again the same marketplace, but I think this is the effect that we have been signaling for some time. And so this is in – what I want to stress is, we still very much like the business. We do it on our own terms, and we have a great history and a real - and I think great opportunities to create value in this space. But we, as always, number one, put credit and our underwriting choices number one and the net effect of that at the moment is some reduced opportunity in the subprime space relative to what would otherwise be there. In the prime space, the opportunity continues. There are some competitive end marketplace issues on a smaller scale going on there, but we still really like the auto business. I think this is a continuing manifestation of coming off what I've kind called the sort of once in a lifetime unique set of opportunities and confluence of marketplace conditions that existed in the wake of the recession. And so, over time we are going to see a more normalized auto business.
Richard Fairbank: So, Moshe, the card industry continues to be very competitive, but fairly rational industry. Marketing levels are high, but stable. Pricing, teaser lengths, APRs, things like that generally stable, and certainly in the places we play, we feel the pricing is resilient. Rewards are very competitive. There have been some increases in early spend bonuses, but overall it’s pretty stable. And with respect to the subprime marketplace, there have been a lot of folks who have issued secured cards over time, and I think now there is another player in that space. I think so we'll continue to monitor the competitive environment there, but we continue to pursue the same strategy pretty much we've been doing for many, many years. An area also, when you talk about competition, we tend to - I tend to focus the conversation just on our own direct competitors. Of course a very relevant thing in the competitive environment is interchange as well, and so we also - as we’ve talked about, want to keep an eye on interchange risk. A few of the larger merchants have negotiated lower interchange that will have an effect that we keep an eye on and also we are watching the evolving digital marketplace for payment alternatives and any impact there on interchange or disintermediation or tolls or anything that happens along those lines. So that's another dimension we should probably always add to our conversation about competition. Finally, in partnerships, that’s the place that I have most pointed to as the intensity of the auction-based marketplace there at times, and in fact very often recently has led to market clearing prices that have been pretty breathtaking. And as a result, we have not had as much growth as we might otherwise have had in that particular space. The other thing about the card industry, I think worth pointing out is what’s happening with just sort of industry growth. So, industry-revolving debt for most of 2012 and 2013, it held steady at about 1% year-over-year growth and then it maintained sort of little over a 3% growth since July of 2014, and in recent months, it has been over 4%. So that’s certainly getting a little bit more octane there. And bank card outstandings are up 4.6% year-over-year. I think overall, if I pull way up about the credit card marketplace, I think it's a generally rational marketplace. I think we see opportunity for growth and very attractive returns. We monitor the marketplace obsessively and when we see windows of opportunity, which we do at the moment, we certainly go very hard to seize those opportunities.
Richard Fairbank: You are talking about Costco Canada? In September 2014 we launched a partnership with Costco and that deal did not come with a portfolio acquisition, so it was sort of at the margin origination business. That business has had nice traction in terms of our growth. It is not a big needle mover for Capital One overall, but it’s certainly something that has had a fair amount of growth to it.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Betsy. We’ve built reserves since the fourth quarter of 2014 and at year-end, as we said earlier, approximately $190 million of our $600 million allowance for loan losses in commercial is specifically allocated to the oil and gas portfolio. When we set our allowance each quarter we assume a material degradation in future prices relative to the forward curve. That said, oil spot - basically spot and forward prices have declined about 20% since the end of the quarter. And if they stay at that level, we estimate we will have to build about $50 million in additional allowance all other things being equal through the end of the quarter.
Richard Fairbank: I mean, we are really happy about the GE portfolio, but at less than 3% of interest earning assets, it's definitely accretive to our commercial business and to the company, but not really material overall.
Richard Fairbank: So David, I guess there is really two sides to this. The first is the potential of sustained low energy prices to cause economic stress in geographies that are heavily dependent on that industry. And keep in mind on that that our consumer lending businesses are mostly national businesses, so we don't really have any outsized concentrations in those geographies. We have about 5% of our card portfolios in parts of the country with high energy employment concentration. That said, when we look at these geographies, places like Houston, parts of North Dakota, Alberta Province and Canada, we do see slight upticks in card delinquencies. And where appropriate, we've taken steps to surgically tighten our underwriting in these geographies, although we want to be careful not to over-react to these very modest effects. But of course the flipside of falling energy prices is the direct benefit to consumers. And while the benefits are hard to disentangle from other economic effects, it's clear that falling gas prices translate into the equivalent of a pretty sizable wage increase for most households. So it's tough to gauge the net effect of these two factors. If I – my hunch is that it's a net positive on consumer credit.
Richard Fairbank: Eric, on the interchange number, fourth quarter net interchange grew 18% from a year ago and a 11% a linked-quarter basis, which happens to be pretty much in line with our purchase volume growth of 19% from a year ago and 8% from last quarter. I would not get overly focused on any one quarter. I mean, when our interchange growth number was very low, I said this, when it's at this level, I say it again, there is a lot of factors that affect that quarterly number. If you look at full year 2015 compared to 2014, our net interchange grew 11% compared to purchase volume growth of 21%. Removing the quarterly noise, net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth and we expect this trend will continue.  Our rewards programs have been and continue to be very successful with strong growth of our flagship products. We're also building a long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers and consistent with the industry extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards. And as you can imagine, there is -- that entail some near-term cannibalization. But it's all part of building a stronger, deeper customer franchise and we're committed to doing that. And also as I mentioned earlier, with a few merchants out there driving interchange through their individualized negotiations and things like that, that's also another factor that we have to keep an eye on. So I wouldn’t get carried away with any one quarter, but we’re much very much like the growth we're having in our spender business and it’s part of the long-term franchise strategy.
Richard Fairbank: You know, I -- my intuition is it is this effect of revolving credit picking up is an across-the-board thing. And by the way, when you look at revolving credit numbers when card purchase volume numbers pickup that also goes into that number. So I think that after several years of frankly really being in the doldrums, the card industry across the board is getting a little bit more octane.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I don't want to get too far on either sides of your little continuum that you portray there. But let me say this about the health of the consumer. First of all, there has obviously been turmoil in the markets recently, including concerns about the global economy, especially China and closer to home concerns about the potentially disruptive consequences of falling oil prices. Having said that, most indicators of the "real economy" at least in the US continue to look pretty strong. We've seen sustained improvement in labor markets in recent months and steady home price growth. Consumer confidence remained solid. And as we talked about earlier, falling energy prices, while they will stress certain sectors and certain geographies, they will also directly benefit consumers. And if anything, I feel, it would probably be a net positive for the overall health of the consumer.  Of course, our most reliable view, Brian of consumers comes from our own portfolio from direct indicators of consumer behavior like payment rates and purchase volume, and from leading edge credit indicators like delinquency flow rates. These indicators all look consistent with our views of seasonality and growth math, and they are not giving us cause for concern. Obviously, the economy is something of a wildcard, and as the turmoil we're seeing in financial markets spills over into the real economy, we would expect that to show up in our credit metrics eventually. But we're not seeing any indications of that now.
Richard Fairbank: So Chris, the purchase volume growth is really coming from success and traction that we're having across our business, not coming from any one product, any one part of the business, it's coming from success of our rewards program, coming from new account origination, and it's coming from credit line increases, and as we do credit line increases, of course, people are spending money as they use the card even more. So there is a lot of things that are lining up right now to lead to a pretty strong purchase volume growth, one of which is the success of some of our flagship programs. On the interchange question...
Richard Fairbank: Well, that's a -- Rich, I don't know how to speculate about that particular thing. I think, I feel like the rewards business, look, you're absolutely right that the rewards business is intensely competitive. And one thing I've said about the rewards business, it's really hard to be a casual player in the business, really ramping it up this quarter, putting it on TV this quarter, pulling back the next quarter, this is about very sustained investment, building a brand and being willing to what it -- to do what it takes on the timing of cost versus payback and things that make it difficult for companies to sustain their investment in this particular space.  As you know, we've invested for years and I think we’re in a good position there to get a bunch of traction and enjoy the financial benefits of that. It is also the case and you are correct that the rewards business has now extended farther across the credit spectrum deeper into the revolver business in a number of things and a higher proportion of Americans are ending up with rewards cards, including a bunch who are regular old revolvers.  Now, on the face of it, it’s not that big a deal economically in the sense if someone is a revolver, they -- once they start revolving on the card, the reward economics aren’t that relevant any more. So your thesis is an interesting one. My own belief is this will continue to be as far out as we can see, pretty intensely competitive business.  I do not describe it as a business, where you just give everything away and make your money on the rest of the business. We work very hard to have our -- spend our business be an economically strong business in its own right, but this is certainly intensely competitive and I think some players will invest heavily to compete there and others will be a little bit more, not as intensely investing in that space.
Richard Fairbank: Well, our investors and how they get paid overtime is an incredibly central and important question always. Since our founding days, we've been very focused on building a company that can generate superior sustainable financial performance. And to do this, we need three things. Core earnings power that has the octane to deliver attractive current returns and fund investment in the future. There are a bunch of businesses in banking that, in our opinion, don't sort of have enough earnings power to do that. That's one reason we've tried to focus on the places that do. Secondly, we need a strategic positioning in the marketplace that allows us to capitalize on opportunities. And third, we need the credit discipline to be able to respond to the windows that open and close in the marketplace. And we focus on these three things throughout our two decades as a public company. Right now is a critical time in the marketplace. We are generating above hurdle returns, but are also investing to capitalize on two very significant opportunities.  The card growth window, which is itself the reward of years of investment and a sweeping digital transformation of our industry. Both investments are going incredibly well at Capital One. And we expect the benefits will increasingly show over time in our financial performance through growth, operating leverage, bottom-line return and capital return.
Richard Fairbank: So, we don't give guidance with respect to the timing. Our guidance, our full year number is -- headcount, some of the recent announcements you've seen on headcount impacts at Capital One are of course part of the continuing dynamic management of this company as we continue to adapt in the marketplace and continue to obsessively drive toward superior and sustainable returns and positioning this company to win in a rapidly changing environment.
Richard Fairbank: No. It's a great question. We discuss all the time what's the normal, I've been for 20 years wondering exactly what's the normal in the card business and there are so many factors. I'm not sure that I think it sort of eludes a full generalization. The key things that we are saying is this. Off of a base and extraordinarily low charge-off level of these highly seasoned portfolios like ours and really the competitors have a similar kind of situation. But unusual factor number one, a highly seasoned back book that has like survived the Great Recession.  On top of that, some dramatic growth numbers that in our more than 2-decade history of being a -- building a growth company, we have a lot of experience with how growth math works and that's why we very much want to get out in front of these numbers and explain all other things being equal, how growth math works.  And so that, and we've even done the unusual of going all the way out into 2017 to describe that effect, because we want our shareholders to understand the mechanics of how growth math works, other things being equal. So that's not the same thing as declaring what's a normal for the card business, but what it is doing is giving you a sense of how a dramatic surge of growth on a very seasoned base, how the math of that works and the settling effect that starts happening overtime.
