R. Scott Blackley: Thanks, Rich. I'll begin on slide seven. Capital One earned $1 billion or $1.90 a share in the third quarter. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share was $2.03. Adjusting items in the quarter included a $63 million build in our UK Payment Protection Insurance customer refund reserve, of which $47 million was an offset to revenue and $16 million was captured in operating expense. A slide outlining adjusting items can be found on page 12 of the slide deck. Pre-provision earnings increased modestly on a linked quarter basis as higher revenues were only partially offset by higher noninterest expenses. As I highlighted last quarter, we had a one-time rewards expense that reduced net interchange income by $38 million, driven by the completion of some system enhancements that moved our rewards liability cutoff to the last day of the quarter. Provision for credit losses was flat on a linked quarter basis as higher charge-offs were almost entirely offset by a lower linked quarter allowance build. An allowance roll-forward by segment can be found on table eight of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in our allowance across businesses in the quarter. In our Domestic Card business, we built $349 million of allowance. This build was driven by growth and subprime mix in the quarter and incorporating our charge-off expectations for the next 12 months into our allowance calculation. In our Consumer Banking segment, allowance increased $31 million in the quarter, almost entirely driven by growth in our Auto business. In our Commercial Banking segment, we had a $48 million reduction in reserves, driven by charge-offs in our taxi medallion portfolio. Recent reserve movements have focused on taxi and our oil and gas portfolios, and we have provided details for those portfolios on slide 14 and 15 of the appendix of tonight's slide deck. Turning to slide nine, you can see that reported net interest margin increased 6 basis points from the second quarter to 6.79%. That was primarily driven by day count. NIM also increased 6 basis point year-over-year, which was fueled by strong growth in our Domestic Card business. Turning to slide 10, I'll discuss capital. As previously announced following the approval of our 2016 CCAR capital plan, our board authorized repurchases of up to $2.5 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2017. In the quarter, we accelerated the pace of our buybacks and repurchased 17 million shares, or $1.2 billion of our authorization. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.6%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.5%. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Rich.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah. Yeah. Ryan, let me spend a minute and just kind of walk through some of the puts and takes in the allowance. So, one way to look at the build is to start off by taking the coverage ratio from last quarter and applying it to the change in ending balances. That really ignores the effects of growth and subprime mix that are impacting the loss rate, but you can see that if you kind of start with that static coverage ratio and apply it to the change in balances, that's going to explain roughly a third of the build. Be mindful that when you get to Q4 if you're going to try to do that calculation, you need to adjust for seasonal balances. So just keep that in mind. Now the rest of the build is really associated with the loss rate and kind of the mechanics of doing the calculation of the allowance. Rich just walked through in detail the drivers of our updated charge-off guidance, growth in mix, and performance. So most of that guidance change happened during periods that are included in our Q3 allowance. And so we captured those as part of our updated allowance calculation this quarter. In addition to that, the mechanical effect of the quarter swap, which is moving forward the loss forecast one quarter, results in us dropping off Q3 2016 and adding Q3 2017 to the allowance calculation. Our forecast, as you know and as we've been saying, is for losses to be higher in 2017 versus 2016, so that change in quarters, all things equal, adds to the allowance calculation. And on top of that, we always have qualitative factors which are for risks that are outside of the models. So just kind of pulling up, though, looking ahead, I want to give you kind of some of the building blocks as you think about how you can calculate the estimates of the allowance movements in 2017. So we told you a couple of key things. One, we told you that what the full year loss rate for 2017 is expected to be. We told you that the increase in our loss guidance has already been captured in the current allowance. And we've told you that we expect the impact of growth math is diminishing in 2017 and only has a modest effect beyond that. So all of those factors, I think, collectively give you a good base to start kind of building up what your loss expectation is going to be in your 2017 allowance.
R. Scott Blackley: Hey, Betsy. This is Scott. In terms of our guidance, so all of the guidance that we gave is excluding Cabela's. We haven't yet finalized all of our projections in terms of impact for Cabela's. We think it's a fantastic partner. We're extremely excited to have won that business. It's a powerful brand. Incredibly loyal and engaged customers. So we're pretty thrilled about that. We're still working on all the details of the closing of that transaction, so don't have more information about that at this point.
R. Scott Blackley: Well, I mean, this is all something that with every passing month gives you a little bit more clarity. And that's why on all of this stuff we triangulate from just the literal vintage analysis but we already looking at all the vintages of 2016, can see a gap relative to early vintage reads versus 2015 and in the same way that 2015 had a gap relative to 2014. But again, there are – it is a triangulation, or it's reinforced by just kind of watching the underlying dynamics of what – of even the mix within the mix of all of the programs and looking at the distributions of who's applying and it's something that's composite across hundreds of programs, but all of the signs are consistent with us that there is this – all of this we're talking about is modest effect. But enough that I – it was worth mentioning that 2016 is a positive relative to 2015.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah, this is Scott. I think that if – when you look at that portfolio, we obviously see some opportunities in midstream. We think that there's been a lot of rationalization that's happened in the E&P sector as well. And then in oilfield services, that's probably the area where we continue to see risk, those are companies that are still struggling with kind of the effects of reduction in capital spending. So that is an area where in midstream we are seeing some selected opportunities and taking advantage of those.
R. Scott Blackley: Yeah, thanks for the question. And just to kind of go back. So what we've told you is that we expect losses are going to grow into 2017. We haven't given you any kind of specific quarterly guidance, so I'm not going to go into kind of the – how you might calculate the quarterly swap. But I do think you've got kind of the right thread, which is that we do expect the impact of growth map be diminishing in 2017 and with a modest effect beyond that. That's going to meaningfully impact kind of the way the allowance works out as we get into 2017.
Richard D. Fairbank: I'll close tonight with some thoughts on third quarter results and our outlook as we head into 2017. We posted another strong quarter of growth in Domestic Card loan balances and purchase volumes, as well as growth in auto and commercial loans, driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue and related increases in operating expense and allowance for loan losses. We've been working hard to improve efficiency by growing revenues, realizing analog cost-savings and other efficiency gains as we become a more digital company, and tightly managing costs across the enterprise. Our efforts are paying off. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 52%. Excluding the impacts of UK PPI, the adjusted efficiency ratio was 51.4% for the third quarter and 51.8% year-to-date. It's clear that we're on track to deliver much more than our prior guidance of some improvement in our full-year 2016 efficiency ratio, excluding adjusting items. Even with the expected significant seasonal increase in non-interest expenses in the fourth quarter, we now expect that our full year 2016 efficiency ratio will be substantially lower than full-year 2015. In 2016 we are already on pace to deliver the efficiency ratio improvement we had expected to achieve in 2017, primarily driven by enhanced revenues and concerted efforts to drive out analog costs. From this more efficient starting point, we expect that our near-term annual efficiency ratio, excluding adjusting items and the expected impact of Cabela's will be in the 52%s, plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility. Over the longer term, we continue to believe that we should be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Pulling up, our strong growth over the last two years puts us in a position to deliver solid EPS growth in 2017 assuming no substantial change in the broader credit and economic cycles. We expect that revenue will grow and will drive growth in pre-provision earnings as well. We expect the upward pressure from growth math on the allowance for loan losses will begin to moderate, and we're reducing share count. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder return driven by growth and sustained returns at the higher end of banks, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval. And now, Scott, Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Ryan, there's a bunch of great questions that you have. I think, Scott, you can take the allowance thing. So, first of all, when you said it's – tell me about your change in back book expectations. We don't really have any change in back book expectations. The change in expectations that we're talking about is driven by two factors, okay, and a key part of this point is that better than expected growth, especially in subprime is a key part of our revised guidance. And as for our front book loss expectations, we revised them up...
Richard D. Fairbank: So, Eric, I don't want to go beyond the forward-looking statements that we made in the prepared remarks. But I think the key way to look at this, again, is a pretty dramatic growth for several years on the order of what we're talking about puts a lot of pressure on the P&L of the Card business, and it has been absorbing that. Now meanwhile and I always used this term of a coiled spring, I think it's a great metaphor, but meanwhile when we look at the value of what we're retaining here, we're very bullish and that's why we're growing at the rate that we are. But I think all I would say is, again, just think through the mechanics of kind of the timing of how this plays out. You start with a lot of growth, which has more cost but especially, most importantly, impacts the credit metrics and especially goes right through the allowance line. So how the earnings power shows up, the line item where the earnings power will really start to hit that inflection point is really as allowance builds start to mitigate. And that, of course, happens right at the time when looking ahead, the growth math effects are also starting to really settle out. And our point is we are approaching that period in this dramatic period of growth in the Card business, and I think that's why we're not giving specific guidance on earnings power. We're just saying that we should start seeing earnings power play out over time as this – the growth math does its very predictable things.
Richard D. Fairbank: Right. There's many, many ways we look at that, but starting with mechanically, the actual vintages themselves and the very early credit metrics, things like delinquencies on those vintages. Additionally, Don, we also just look at the mix of what are the metrics, things like credit scores and so on of the business that we're booking, what is that blended distribution. And all of the key indicators we look at, and this matches our own intuition about what's going on as well, show a positive impact for 2016 versus 2015. Now I want to make it very clear, 2015 is going to be a very successful year and very profitable and with very good long-term credit performance. We're talking about small changes relative to expectations as we revise – as we always do every quarter, our own credit outlook. We're just kind of painstakingly trying to break down the components so you get a better understanding of this. But we feel great about 2014 front book. We feel great about 2015 front book. 2016, all the early indicators of 2016 suggest that from a credit point of view, it's going to come in a little bit better than 2015.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. It's a striking thing. We've talked a lot about industry growth, and we talk often about industry growth has gone from very low single-digits or even occasionally negative a couple of years ago to 6% and that has our attention. But here's another stat that's an interesting one. If you look at the composition of the industry's growth over the last 12 months, about – and I'm going to just exclude Capital One from the whole calculation because your question is an industry effect there, about 31% of the growth is in subprime. And so subprime growth has certainly picked up now, it's growing faster than prime, and certainly that has our attention. Now I do want to say, on the other hand, it remains well below pre-recession levels in absolute terms because there was such an exodus from that part of the business over the years following the Great Recession. So, at times I think you hear from some players, subprime we don't do that. Well, all I'm saying is 31% of all the growth is subprime, and somebody is doing it. And so, yeah, that has our attention. And it's part of – it's one – it's an important part of the overall – if you kind of look at the industry story and this, by the way, is the number one thing that we worry about, more so than like the next recession; obviously, we worry about things like that, too. But the industry growth being at 6% and the subprime component of that, and then also the, beyond card growth when you look at student lending, auto lending, installment lending, that's been running for a while now at around 7%. So we're pretty obsessive about these things. It causes us to believe, first of all, that we have a window, and it's just another reason we've doubled down and gone really hard while we have this window. It means we have to be doubly and triply obsessive about looking for indicators of things that inevitably happen when supply goes up a lot, and those indicators can be broad-based impact on credit metrics, as well as, of course, just directly affecting response rates and things like that. So we're on the lookout and as we kind of always do for our investors, try to raise these flags. But we feel very good about what we're booking. We like the resilience of what we're booking, and we still are moving forward with resolve to continue to capitalize on these opportunities. But there's no doubt the industry growth data is just one more reason to remind ourselves that everything is a window of opportunity and we have to carefully watch the industry from here.
Richard D. Fairbank: Arren, one thing we've kind of been featuring subprime here. I don't want to diminish the really good momentum that we have in pretty much all of the parts of the Card business that we're investing in. And we're pretty bullish about our growth opportunity in all of the areas. We've had more recently kind of a surge on the subprime side, and – but who knows, I – I don't want to project what will happen to mix on a relative basis. I think we like all of the things we're booking. I think we have reasons to believe we can continue to grow in all of the areas, but it was worth highlighting, though, that the kind of recent surge that we've had on the subprime side. But I wouldn't extrapolate to that to some significant continuation of that surge.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, the Capital One Cafés just tended to pull way up. As you know, we're a national company in just about everything we do, except we are local in really only 20% of the nation in retail banking. And so, Capital One Cafés are kind of the manifestation of how we're re-imagining the future of banking and also how we can kind of enhance the national banking presence we already have through our old ING book that, of course, we call Capital One 360 now. The key thing there is it's not about putting a branch on every corner; far from it. It is about building kind of, if you will, flagship stores in key metropolitan areas and using that as, in many ways, a manifestation of banking re-imagined relative to the very traditional way that banking has been done for forever, basically. So we have been gradually expanding our footprint in the cafés. We've been very pleased with the early results from the cafés and we are – what we see is reinforces our view that this will – this is a good thing to continue to build out on a very thin basis, distribution in major metropolitan areas with these cafés.
Richard D. Fairbank: So thanks, Matt. I'm not going to give you specific like numerical guidance about the Auto business, but let me just pull way up about auto. As we've talked about – first of all, we really like the Auto business. I think it plays to Capital One's strengths, and we built a very strong and kind of leading presence in that space. The Auto business after the Great Recession was something that I don't think we'll see again in our lifetime in terms of unique opportunity to grow and create value with high margins and exceptional credit quality because so many players had headed for the hills and consumers were, gosh, they were even at times walking away from their houses and still paying on their cars. And used car prices were just at incredible highs. So much of our commentary about auto has been predicting, saying it's got to be that this thing will normalize over time, and the journey since then has really been one of normalization where pretty much every year the margins are going down, every year credit losses have kind of gone up. Now in Capital One's case is – two things I want to say. Anything that we – we've also had a mix change going on within Capital One over the last few years that has been more market growth and so that has tended to dampen this effect. But let me also say, really, if you stack vintage after vintage year after year in auto, they have been, the last few years, going up year over year, but the overall thing that we've seen is we've been – surprised is probably an overstatement, but I think we have kind of predicted something, a more rapid normalization than we've actually seen. All of that said, I think the Auto business is still in a good place for us to generate profitable business. But it is mostly kind of normalized, and it has a number of things going on in the industry that cause us to be very vigilant, most importantly, kind of underwriting practices there. But I would say really over the last few years, the actual credit performance has been strikingly good and maybe even a little better than expected.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah, on marketing, I wouldn't put any particular emphasis on what you see in the third quarter. As you know, the fourth quarter is seasonally, by quite a bit, our highest quarter and there are reasons for that, of course. And turn on a television, you probably can see that because we're sponsoring bowl games and the ESPN bowl week. And there's a lot of things that we line up seasonally in terms of our marketing blitz in the fourth quarter. The other thing I want to say about marketing is that while I think on a just kind of pulling way up calibrated across the years, I think marketing efficiency's at a pretty high level right now. It's maybe a commentary on our marketing, but probably as much a commentary about the window of opportunity we have to grow and the success of that. One thing is very clear: competitors have stepped up their marketing. Competitors are stepping up their advertising. Competitors are working – in a number of cases they have, in fact, sort of duplicated some of the Capital One products themselves. This game will require a pretty high level of marketing. And that's probably the case even as the growth opportunity wanes a little bit just because it's the nature of how this competition works. So, we feel great about our marketing, but to continue to succeed it's going to take a fair amount of marketing.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I've been pretty vocal about the nature of the auction environment and how easy it is for companies to get caught up in the frenzy of this kind of bidding. What we have said is on a selective and disciplined basis, we really do want to grow the partnership business. We want to grow this business where we can find partners that have attractive, loyal and growing customer bases, compelling value proposition, and who want – who their view of what they're trying to achieve through a partnership is, in fact, very consistent with what we would want to do and very customer focused. Now Cabela's is an amazing franchise. I mean, for I think anybody who walks into one of these Cabela's sees this is not your, like, typical store. This is all designed around a customer experience. People, customers spend – the amount of time the average customer spends in a Cabela's is actually measured in terms of hours. It's different from your typical kind of shopping experience. So we are attracted to the customer focus that they have and it's all about brand and franchise and that kind of thing. So what we did is enthusiastically went after this, but said that it still has to be within the context of a financial deal that really works for us and, of course, that works for Cabela's. In this particular case, I think that we found a meeting of the minds, and I think Cabela's liked the opportunity they saw with us, and we were able to maintain our financial discipline and actually win this transaction.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. So first of all, your question was about private label. One thing I want to say is that the Cabela's deal is actually a co-brand partnership, so let me just pull way up. In what we call our partnership business, there are two types of credit card programs. One is private label, which is not a Visa, MasterCard. That is just a retailer's card. And the other is co-brand where the retailer or the issuer is issuing a Visa card or a MasterCard, and there is spend both at the store and outside of the store. As it turns out, the key to a co-brand program, and a really good co-brand program is kind of the Holy Grail. That's what – when you probably talk to any card issuer, I think the great – there are a handful, a few – a couple of handfuls and maybe a little more than that of like truly great co-brand programs. And the thing that characterize it, in addition to strong retailers and that kind of thing, is this is where you see high out-of-store spend to supplement good in-store spend. And when you see that, then all the kind of strong economics and the way credit cards work is a great thing and that's why there's a lot of – all the card issuers are really trying to get those great flagship programs. I would put – absolutely put Cabela's in that category. Now private label is, again, it's a different business, not a co-brand business by definition. All the spend that's going on is inside the store. And there, our – I think our focus has been going after the really top of the line retailers. And we have not been going after the middle or lower end of that marketplace. So where you see us, where we've had a lot of growth and great success is, for example, with Kohl's. We also have Neiman Marcus. We have Saks. But Capital One's focus has been more at the upper end, and we've added – I don't know have the count, but we've added several brands that are really good, modestly sized brand on the private label side. The private label business is pound for pound not as profitable as the pure branded Card business. It's a great business to have in conjunction with a branded Card business. But it, for us, has lower returns, but it's a natural part of our business. The top co-brands are something that are very additive to any card program, and we're pursuing those with a lot of interest.
Richard D. Fairbank: So, Rick, I want to go back to – remember an important part of the change in the guidance for 2017 is about growth in subprime mix. So we're already dealing with a – only a part of this effect. And then beyond that, this is the composite effect of many, many different things that are going on. My point about 2015 was in many ways to help, if you pull way up to give a little bit of kind of tangibility to – well, why would be saying one year's loss outlook is up by a little bit relative to a quarter ago and the next year's loss outlook is down a little bit relative to a quarter ago? And it's really just because as these things play out, 2015 is coming in a little higher than 2014. And 2016 is coming in a little better than 2015, and that's pretty much the way the math works out. These are all very successful years of origination with – I think you're going to really like what we have booked there.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yeah. Hey, Bill. Thanks for asking about that topic. It's, obviously, something that we are focused on, have a lot of people who are starting to build out some of the work. I have a couple of thoughts on that. One, the rules that have come out there allow for a fair amount of judgment and guidance, or judgment. It's more principle-based guidance as opposed to a set of rules. So I do think that you may see some divergent practices initially. And I think that you'll see the of the industry kind of coming together on some topics over time. So I'm a little cautious about getting ahead of – putting out kind of estimates and guidance on CCIL (01:05:38) because I do think that we'll see kind of people's estimates kind of converge over time as we all kind of get together on some of the interpretation issues. Pulling up for us, when we look at kind of the effects of CCIL (01:05:55), I think we're probably not going to be in the business of giving any kind of estimates on that until we are well into kind of being certain that we know how the standard is going to be interpreted and kind of what the net impacts are going to be here. So, that may not be that you're going to hear from me on this topic until well into next year.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Well, Ken, first of all, I want to say, and I don't think auto is fully normalized per se. I mean, I think it's inched up a little – I'm talking industry losses now. It's kind of – I think there's a little bit still to go in the normalization of auto losses. And as I said, in many ways, it keeps a little bit outperforming in a good way, our own expectations of that normalization, but I think there's a little more normalization still to happen. In the U.S. Card business, every card player has a back book that is at exceptionally low loss levels. It's because for years – a couple of things behind that. And most importantly, anybody in our back book who like survived the Great Recession, not surprisingly, is pretty resilient and having great credit performance at this point. Additionally, most players didn't grow very much for a whole bunch of years there, so that there isn't a lot of kind of front book effects on people's existing books. So, against that backdrop, our belief is, at some point, there will be some normalization of that credit. And I'm reluctant to pick numbers, because that's going to depend on a lot of things. And one of the things it's going to depend on is how much subprime the industry does, for example. You go back to the late 1990s, there was a – in the middle of an economy that didn't really move at all, credit card losses went up quite a bit just due to a lot of – and probably subprime is a wrong word, just a lot of risk expansion, a lot of lending in the Card business. And so I've just been around long enough that I find myself the longer I do this, the more reluctant I am to declare what a normalized loss rate is. But I think there is a net pressure over time that will pull up losses for kind of existing books of all players including Capital One. We also have one other effect that at some point will be beneficial to Capital One, which is the actual – the other side of growth math, which is the seasoning that – remember, we've talked about the general pattern of credit programs is they have higher upfront losses. Now, it depends on what kind of credit program, whether it's an origination, a line increase, what part of the subprime is a little different than prime, but if you pull it all together, the general pattern is for front book programs, they have higher losses early on, and then they gradually settle out over time. So with the big front book that we have at Capital One, that will at some point become a bit of a good guy in terms of the seasoning effects. I'm not here to predict the exact timing of that and so on. So I think over the longer run when we think about our own book, there is kind of just upward pressure on all Card businesses and some long run seasoning that I think will be beneficial for Capital One. The key thing that we focus on since I don't think that we feel we can absolutely predict, like the precise through the cycle loss rate for our businesses is everything that we underwrite, we assume significant worsening and we focus actually more so than the loss rate itself that we predict, our biggest focus is on resilience, because even some of the low loss programs, this is really the story of banking in general. A lot of times some of the low loss programs look great and until they don't and they don't have much of a buffer there. So in all of our underwriting, we are very – in addition to doing all the projections we always do about losses and the whole life cycle of a vintage, we are very focused on resilience so that we have a maximum chance to not only like the business in its full net present value, but to like the business a lot when we get there in the middle of a bad economic cycle. So that's kind of a long answer, but that's – in the context of all of that, we believe that the business we're booking over in this front book is particularly resilient, and frankly has particularly good economics.
Stephen S. Crawford: So I think that's the one thing that we point out. And obviously, we're trying to be opportunistic and look at the market and use the authorization that we have within CCAR in the way that we feel is most productive. And that's really what has led to the acceleration year-to-date in the total amount of repurchases we have authorized for the year.
Stephen S. Crawford: Again, we don't have a tremendous amount of flexibility as it is with our repurchase authorizations, so I don't think I'm going to get more specific. Obviously, we have the limitation in CCAR that we can only do the amount authorized for the year. And it's really just a function of looking at the marketplace and where we are and how quickly we want to use that authorization. But I think we've demonstrated that it – you shouldn't count on it always being ratable going forward.
Stephen S. Crawford: On your second question, the reduction was all a function of repurchase, but as we talked about earlier, we obviously can't keep it at the same level for the next three quarters. We used more than our pro rata authorization this quarter.
Stephen S. Crawford: Rick, I don't even know how you would get there, because we talked about so many factors in the calculation of the allowance, growth and mix and the quarter swap, there's tons of – so decomposing that to just the vintage composition, I don't know how we could do that without having a 45-minute conversation and getting into a lot more detail than we're going to.
Stephen S. Crawford: And just to add a little bit of color to that, one of the reasons to hold off, right, is to the extent that you have literally all of the losses you expect over the life of the loan to be booked upfront through your income statement, one could assume that there would be positive benefits to how much capital you need to carry as well. So there's a whole bunch of things that are going to move here and how CCIL (01:06:41) gets integrated and how people think about the combined reserves and capital you need for the business.
