Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Ryan. Look, I think that the story continues to be one of -- well, in terms of -- there's sort of the consumer itself. Let's just talk about the consumer for a second and then let's talk about Capital One's credit performance but just the health of the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer remains a source of strength in the economy. The labor market remains strikingly resilient.  Rising incomes have kept consumer debt servicing burdens relatively low by historical standards. And when we look at our customers, we see that they have higher bank balances than before the pandemic, and this is true across income levels. On the other hand, of course, inflation shrank real incomes for almost 2 years. And in this high interest rate environment, the cost of new borrowing has gone up in every major asset class. And I think at the margin, these effects stretch some consumers financially. So -- but on the whole, I'd say consumers are in reasonably good shape relative -- pretty strong shape relative to historical benchmarks. So in terms of Capital One's performance, we continue to see a settling out. We consider -- we believe that for Capital One, I can't speak for all card issuers but we definitely have seen what we think is sort of a landing. And our -- so we feel very good about where the credit is. The point that I wanted to make about the tax refunds, let's just pull up for a second on that. The tax refunds are something that nobody knows for sure exactly what's behind seasonality but I think it's a -- we believe, a very important driver of seasonality. It's a bigger effect for us than other players because I think cash refunds just play a little bit bigger role in -- collectively across our customer base. So the tax refunds in the very near-term effect credit performance, Ryan, what you're referring to the 15% guidance that we gave, that was not an annual guidance number that was saying, if we just extrapolate in the very near window of just what we see in terms of delinquencies and delinquency roll rates. That's where we would see charge-offs, and charge-offs tend to be higher in the first half of the year. So what we're doing is giving a window to the higher part of charge-offs for the year, and we were saying they were settling out looked like around 15% above 2019 levels. Part of that -- and so basically, what I'm saying is that includes our assumptions about what happens with tax refund and the seasonality effect. As we can see in the government data, tax refunds are lower and later than by historical patterns. And so that affects our near-term credit performance. And actually, we often talk about, well, isn't the 6-month window basically once charge-offs start bubbling and going through the roll rate buckets we can pretty much see where charge-offs are going. Tax refunds actually affect the payment rates in every bucket. So our point was in the very near term, it actually leads to a bit of a higher charge-off rate than we had guided to over that near window. But that doesn't change our view that credit has settled out but the 15% was not a guidance for the year. We haven't really given credit guidance for the year. What we're really saying is we have seen credit settle out but we wanted to just flag that both in the Credit Card business and in our Auto business while credit continues to be very strong, and you've seen things like really improving delinquencies, we just wanted to point out that in the very near term, relative to what we have seen in terms of historical seasonality and kind of confirmed by what we watch as the patterns of tax refunds, there is -- it's coming in lower and later. And we just wanted to flag that effect because it affects the very near-term numbers that we cited earlier. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Mihir. So we have filed our merger applications with both the Fed and the OCC and we are engaged with the -- sorry, with the DOJ as they, of course, play a key role in advising the Fed and the OCC on competition questions. We believe our applications make a very compelling case for approval. We believe strongly that this merger will increase competition among banks and credit card issuers and payment networks, and provide significant benefits for consumers, merchants and the communities that we serve. While some have raised concerns about competition, we believe that the facts in favor of the deal will be compelling. On the network side, let's remember that we're not currently in that business. If the deal is approved,  we will still have 4 networks just like we do today but we will be adding new customers and scale to the smallest by far of the 4 networks and be able to leverage our technology talent and marketing capabilities to greatly enhance Discovery's competitive viability. Their market share was 6% a decade ago and sits at just 4% today. The significant investments that we are planning will provide substantial benefits for consumers and merchants as we've outlined in our regulatory applications. On the Credit Card side, the regulators have found every time they've studied it that the credit card market is highly competitive and not at all concentrated. In fact, it's less concentrated today than it was 10 years ago. Consumers can choose from over 4,000 issuers, all able to offer products with similar capabilities. Imagine this, a card issued by a small credit union can be used every place that a card issued by a bank like Capital One can be used, anywhere in the world, that kind of level playing field doesn't exist in any other industry and certainly not in airlines or grocery stores or many of the others. There's a reason that we ask folks what's in your wallet. We compete not only with these 4,000 other issuers to gain your business in the first place but also with every other card you likely already own. Put another way, we have to compete every day for every single transaction because our customers can simply choose at any moment to use another card. And if they don't like the card they have, they can stop using it entirely or close the account or switch to another card with another bank, large or small, in minutes. We also believe that the facts will show that there are no barriers to entry in the credit card business as thousands of current issuers and the new ones are forming all the time demonstrate. New and incumbent fintechs backed by significant VC funding are able to leverage the infrastructure of sort of credit card as a service players like Marqeta to achieve instant scale and high growth. Also, any existing bank can choose where in the credit spectrum they play simply by changing their credit policy. Let's also remember that consumers can choose to use another form of payment entirely, cash, debit or buy now pay later, which has exploded onto the marketplace. New fintechs are entering the payments in small-dollar credit space every day all looking to take market share from traditional credit card players like Capital One. We faced this competition for years and we'll continue to face it in the future. It's powerful evidence of a healthy and fiercely competitive marketplace.  But we have been successful by focusing on the needs of our customers and offering credit card and retail banking products with the most straightforward terms and fewest fees in the industry. We're the only major bank where all of our deposit products come with no fees, no minimums and no overdraft fees. So pulling way up,  we believe the facts will show that this transaction is both pro-competitive and pro-consumer, bringing our best-in-class products and services to a broader set of consumers and small businesses and greatly enhancing opportunities and benefits for merchants. In the end, that is what we believe the regulators will use their very vigorous process to evaluate. 
Richard Fairbank: Mihir, we are leaning in pretty much across the board in the card business, powered by a healthy consumer and the traction that we're getting in our business, we are really all parts of the card business are seeing very nice account originations, seeing good traction on the purchase volume side. And -- so it's very much a positive time for leaning in, as you see reflected in our marketing, as you see reflected in some of the growth numbers, and as I see in numbers behind the numbers that you see, just a lot of traction. And just -- let's just savor for a second, some of the things that are powering that are 2 things that I would flag is: one, the continued investment that we are making to win at the top of the market. And I think that not only affects our success at the top of the market but I really believe there's a lifting of all boats from those investments and that traction there. Also we continue to just have a lot of success powered by our technology transformation, including not only the customer experience and some of the product capabilities that we're able to offer but really impacts on the whole way that we run the business and very notably on the credit and marketing side of the business, the ability to create mass customized offerings and real-time solutions just enables us to have more traction on the growth side. Also, I just want to say that we also are pleased to see things picking up in the Auto business and also we continue to have a lot of traction on our national bank. 
Richard Fairbank: So Rick, there's a lot. First of all, let me clarify some of the things that you were saying weren't exactly I think as we intended to state them. So let me just -- so we talked about -- so yes, we talked about credit. We're saying credit settling out. We said in the very near term, where charge-offs are tend to be higher in the first half of the year. In the near term, based on extrapolation from delinquency buckets and roll rates we would expect them to settle out at 15% higher than pre-pandemic. That was a near-term forecast. That was not an annual forecast. And then you -- just to clarify your comments that, and over time, it will converge back to slightly above 2018 and 2019. I just want to say those are your words, not ours. We have not given guidance on full year charge-offs. We tend not generally to give guidance on full year charge-offs. But we very much like to give you the feel of how things are going. So we are very much see credit settling out. You can see that the trends that continue on the second derivative of delinquencies, and that's a very positive thing. The -- there's another factor that affects charge-offs, which is recoveries. And the recoveries have been -- we've been saying for quite some time, recoveries are lower than usual because of the very low charge-offs we saw over the past 3 years. So that all else equal, pushes up net losses relative to pre-pandemic levels. And that impacts probably larger and more prolonged for us than for some of our competitors because we tend to have higher recovery rates than the industry probably as a result of our business mix and our strategy, and we tend to work most of our recoveries in-house rather than selling debt. So we see a longer tail of recoveries from past charge-offs than most do. So by the way, the recoveries, we had talked about recoveries. There probably sort of been at their bottom in terms of that brown out and over time probably heading in a more positive direction. But that also impacts the relationship between charge-offs, prepandemic and where they are today. So pulling way up, we don't have guidance for credit for the year. We continue to be very happy about charge-offs the way after years of -- after a long period of normalization, that charge-offs are settling out. We've given -- we just wanted to flag that the seasonality, let's just comment -- let's just pause for a second on the seasonality. It still remains to be seen whether the tax refunds are just lower end of story or whether they're later The key thing right now is they are lower cumulatively than they have been -- than they were pre-pandemic for this period of time. And what will take a look at is how it plays out from here to see how much was just later and how much was lower. But what we're saying is, to the extent that it's lower than that impacts in the very near term the charge-off numbers that we had talked about before. But it doesn't change our view about Credit settling out. It doesn't change our view about very positively about the Consumer, about Credit performance, but it's just something we wanted to flag across both the Credit Card and Auto business. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, John. So let me comment on the Federal Reserve and the OCC extending the comment period. It's standard practice for the Federal Reserve to extend the comment period on bank mergers. We expected the extension and we don't take any signaling on our deal from the Fed's decision here. So with respect to the overall timing, the Fed and the OCC typically take several months to work through bank merger applications in consultation with the DOJ on competition questions and they engage frequently with our team along the way. And of course, that process is underway. And we continue to have the same views about the timing of all of this that we did at the time of the announcement. 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, so our -- I think what you're partly getting at is because we have -- part of our portfolio is subprime consumers, how do we feel about how they're performing and sort of in the context of an environment of higher inflation and so on. Let me just comment a little bit about the subprime consumer. In the global financial crisis, we observed that credit metrics in subprime moved earlier in both directions, subprime -- we saw that, but then we saw sort of everything move proportionately, in fact, subprime moved frankly, somewhat less proportionately than prime as a multiple, but obviously, all portfolios worsened quite a bit during the global financial crisis in the pandemic, subprime credit improved more and more quickly than prime but it also began to normalize more quickly, too. And of course, that's in the context of lower income consumers seeing disproportionate benefits of government aid and then unwinding that over time. And subprime is, of course, not synonymous with lower income, although they are somewhat correlated. So on the other hand, so if we look at how they have been doing, the income growth from -- for say, lower-income consumers has been consistently higher over the past several years. And we have seen really quite -- other than the tax refund effect, which does show up more in our lower end part of our customer base than the higher credit end. Really, we have seen the subprime performance be very strong. It just worsened faster. And then on a proportional basis, everything caught up with it. But it frankly always seems to be a first mover, and it settled out, frankly, a little bit earlier than -- started settling out a little bit earlier than the rest of our portfolio. So based on current performance, we feel very good across the credit spectrum. We also -- it certainly catches our attention when we see the inflation specter sort of become greater lately. So we have a real eye on that. As you know, we continue to look at the marketplace and trim around the edges and so on. But the net impression that I would leave you is we continue to feel very good about really the full spectrum of our customers, we continue to lean into the growth opportunities. We have, for some time, just been doing some trimming around the edges and just being a little tighter on the credit lines and things like that credit line increases. But the impression that I want to leave with you is that we are still pretty feel good about this marketplace and the growth opportunities there. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Moshe. So let's just pull up and reflect on the fact that the CFPB's rule on late fees is scheduled to take effect on May 14. We are prepared to implement the rule on this time line, if necessary, but ongoing litigation efforts continue to create uncertainty on the ultimate outcome and the timing of the rule. As we've said before, when the rule is implemented, there will be significant impact to our P&L. We expect that this impact will gradually resolve itself within a couple of years from the implementation of our mitigating actions. These mitigating actions include changes to our policies, products and investment choices. Some of these mitigating actions have already been implemented and are underway. We are planning on additional actions once we learn more about where the litigation settles out. Ultimately, these mitigating actions will play through different line items in the P&L and will mitigate the impact of the late fee rule on our P&L within a couple of years of their implementation. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So we're feeling very good about the Auto business. So let's just pull way up. Auto industry margins have recovered somewhat over the past few quarters. Our origination volumes in Q1 were up 20% on a year-over-year basis and a quarter-over-quarter basis, and we're pleased with that growth. Now there are still headwinds to the auto business. Affordability remains a concern due to the combined effects of high interest rates and still high car prices. And even as car prices have normalized significantly from their peaks, they haven't yet reached a new equilibrium. So we anticipated the risks in this business, tightening up credit back in 2022, I think, several quarters before some of our competitors. As a result, the performance of recent originations from '22 and '23 has been really strong and frankly, even better than our pre-pandemic originations. And vintage over vintage, that risk remains stable. And as margins have recovered a bit, we're seeing an opportunity to lean back in. So our years of investments in industry-leading technology and credit infrastructure have allowed us to remain nimble and enabled us to make targeted adjustments to our origination strategies where we see opportunities for growth or emerging risks. So looking ahead, we remain confident in the business that we're booking and bullish about the opportunities for growth. So we continue to set pricing in terms that we're comfortable with and feel good about the opportunities that we see in the market. And after talking for really a couple of years about sort of dialing back. I think this is sort of a period where it's moving more into a leaning into it situation for Capital One. And we're, I think, very benefited by the choices that we made over the last couple of years and seeing very strong performance in our vintages. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So I can see that you're a student of tax refunds. Just think of all the areas of expertise that you've developed over the years trying to really get your head around this credit card business, things that neither you nor I thought we would really have to learn. Let me make a couple of comments here. So a key question is what are we benchmarking things too. So relative to -- if we talk about relative to last year, the things were even lagging relative to last year, and they've actually crossed over very, very recently crossed over the curve from last year, which I think you're referring to. But then last year really was somewhat of an outlier relative to pre-pandemic. Now one might ask, well, why didn't we just used last year as the seasonality benchmark? Last year itself was an odd year. And from a credit point of view with all the normalization. It was hard to read things through the noise. As we watch the patterns this year, we're going to really end up comparing by the time it's done, how this year compares to last year and whether collectively this year and last year represent sort of a new seasonality that we have to modify relative to the past. I think it's premature on that. And relative to reading seasonality, it's really hard to look at last year's credit metrics just because there was so much normalization. So we've had an eye on this. We have tended to stick with our seasonality benchmarks, which are developed over a number of years. And I think when this is -- when we're done with this period, we'll sit back and look at it and say, did we learn something about the business that where seasonality might be less magnified in a business like ours than it was before. I think it is too early to tell. But to your other point, even relative to last year, it has very recently crossed over in terms of tax refunds. And yes, to your point, these are things that themselves then have lag effects because people have to get the refunds then they have to make payments. So this is why very much we are flagging a phenomenon that is sort of in the middle of happening. And the key thing will be by the time it's done was the cumulative tax refund effect. And we're just kind of sharing with you as we go along. And the reason I'm particularly leaning into this particular one is because last time we made a very near-term sort of extrapolation just from our windows of delinquency buckets about where the -- given that in a year, the high part of the year is in the first half of the year, we were just kind of saying in that high part of the year, where things were sort of settling out. And I wanted to give that a little bit -- we're not revising the number but just to say if the seasonality patterns are probably driven by the tax refund effect if it doesn't catch up to historical patterns, then in the very near term, the numbers will be higher than that in this very -- this window we're talking about higher than the 15% number that I said. 
Richard Fairbank: Right. So look, can I just -- I want to just seize that point. The second derivative continues to be strong. In fact, when you look at sort of all the card players, you can see the strength of Capital One's second derivative. There's another topic, so you didn't know when you were studying all that calculus that this would be at the heart of what you do. But -- so there's lots of good to pull from this. I just wanted to just clarify the tax refund effect, which I think has a little bit more impact on Capital One than certain other players and to point out that we actually think we see that effect in both of our consumer businesses. 
Richard Fairbank: Competitive dynamics in auto. Here my observation about the auto business is that it's still a very competitive marketplace. But when we see our opportunities to grow, we tend to zig a little bit while others zag. And so we sort of pulled back for a little while and others leaned in. And my point is really now I think we're leaning in and others are pulling back a little bit more. I hadn't really sort of analyzed it in terms of really capital choices really as much as just the very natural rhythms of the marketplace and some of the advantages that Capital One has by virtue of our choices that we made over the last couple of years. But we'll have to think about that. But I just think this is just very much sort of as you've seen numerous times in the past where there's a little bit of an inflection point for Capital One at a time that's a little different and occasionally in a different direction than the inflection points of others. 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff. We -- the trimming around the edges is, of course, what we do all the time and reactively to not only what we observe in the marketplace but what we think may be coming in the marketplace. We are very much sort of in the same place we were three months ago when we've been talking about this. In other words, the trimming around the edges and the dialing back was a little bit more pronounced in the quarters during the big credit normalization than it has been as we see things settling out. And the drivers of that continue to be -- probably -- in addition to what I said about the consumer, very much also the -- observing our credit performance, not only just the overall portfolio performance but very much the performance of our originations. And strikingly, our originations continue to come out generally on top of each other quarter after quarter. Obviously, that's lagged data that we're viewing but we're -- we've been struck by how long it's been and how consistently it's been that our originations have been generally on top of each other. And a lot of that comes from the trimming around the edges that we have been doing even as there's been some underlying a little bit sort of worsening of overall consumer credit metrics. So we're in a very similar place to where we were. We feel good about our credit performance and origination performance. We are leaning in across the credit spectrum. With respect to the Discover deal, it's not really altering our origination strategy that's very much continuing as it was before. Obviously, we're very excited about the Discover deal. But I think that with respect to our own strategy it's really pretty much the same as it was before. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Yes, Jeff. So we launched the Venture X business card, broadly in the third quarter of last year, and we're pleased with the market response and the customer engagement so far. So Venture X business, much like our Spark cash plus card was developed to help business owners run and invest in their business with no preset spending limit, great travel benefits and elevated earn everywhere. And it's a great example of our business is leveraging each other's innovations because we've taken many of the industry-leading travel features of our consumer Venture X product and combine them with the business-grade capabilities of our small business offerings, including the flexible spending capacity that is designed for larger businesses. So we have been investing in our small business card program, and more broadly, to win at the top of the market for years. And this launch stands on the shoulders of all of that investment, it stands on the shoulders of our technology transformation and is another example in the continuing drive of Capital One to win at the top of the market across consumers and small business. So I appreciate the question and we certainly are excited by our continuing progress. 
Andrew Young: Yes. Sure, Ryan. I'd like to say from my perspective that there's a simple answer but there's not. And then there's a host of things that are going to drive allowance from here, not the least of which is growth, but just focusing on coverage and assuming that's what others are pointing to. The first thing I'd highlight and I said in my talking points that fourth quarter had seasonal balances, they quickly pay off in the first quarter and therefore, have negligible coverage, which we see every year. So the coverage ratio this quarter up a bit from last quarter is really a result of that dynamic. But if you look at coverage ratio now, it's largely in line with the preceding quarters, I mean, the biggest driver as we look ahead, are the projected loss rates. And as we've been saying for a number of quarters, delinquencies are the best leading indicator of that. And so every quarter, we're going to look out over the next 12 months and then the reversion from there. And we're going to take into account a range of outcomes and uncertainties. And so you've seen over the last few quarters, keeping the coverage ratio flat. I will note, though, even in a period where projected losses in future quarters are lower than today and might indicate a release otherwise, you could very well see a coverage ratio that remains flat or only modestly declined as we incorporate the uncertainty of that future projection into the allowance. And so eventually, the projected losses will -- when they're lower will flow through the allowance and bring the coverage ratio down as those uncertainties become more certain. And under that scenario, you would see a decline. But at this point, like I'm not going to be in the forecasting business of when that actually is going to take into account because, like I said, we really need to take the factor of uncertainty as we look ahead every quarter that we go through the reserving process. 
Andrew Young: Yes, John, with respect to the deal, I'll just say, as we talked about when we announced it, we, at the time, used a blend of consensus estimates of where we would have the CET1 at the time of close. There's a number of variables that are going to move between now and in legal day 1, not just the stand-alone performance of each of our companies but balance sheet marks, some of which are driven by credit and stock price. And so I'm not going to be in the business of sort of recasting every time a little number moves. But I will say our valuation of the deal considered a wide range of outcomes. And so we remain just as excited today about the financial and strategic benefits of the transaction as we did when we announced the deal. With respect to our stand-alone repurchases, Capital Ones, I'll note that the agreement with Discover does not prohibit us from buying shares. I noted in my prepared remarks, we were blacked out for a period leading up to the deal. And afterwards, the SEC has safe harbor rules that limit the daily average amount of purchases we can do for a period of time after the announcement. So as a result of those limitations, Q1 had a pace that was less than what we've done in recent quarters. I will also just note that there's also blackout restrictions on repurchases during the proxy vote period. But again, outside of those blackouts, we're not prohibited, and we're able to continue repurchasing shares. 
Andrew Young: Well, there's 2 parts to that, Sanjay. The first is, given the transaction, we are in the process of submitting a new capital plan. So that's just a procedural piece. So once that new capital plan is approved, then we have unlimited capacity relative to the SCB in this intervening period, the amount that we repurchase is constrained to what we've requested. 
Andrew Young: And then, Bill, with respect to category 2. Well, first, let me just note, we're going to be below the $700 billion threshold at closing and the trigger is really a 4-quarter average beyond that. So I just wanted to mention the specifics of what is going to trigger it. But within category 2 to category 3, there's really 3 big distinctions. The first one is losing the tailoring benefit for LCR and NSFR, and you can see based on the ratios that we hold there and our conservatism around liquidity. We feel very well prepared. The other 2, which are the inclusion of AOCI in regulatory capital and the DTA threshold going from 25 to 10. Those are both already included at least in what was proposed for the Basel III end game rules. We all know that those proposals are being debated and refined. But ultimately, we're looking at those 2 implications as part of the proposal anyway. And so we don't really see a big difference in the long-term implications, at least as we sit today, again, the proposal may take a different form. But from a planning perspective, those were 2 things that we already had our eye on. And so we ultimately feel well prepared all of the implications of either category 2 or the Basel III end game proposals if they were to go in as currently constructed. 
