Andrew Young: Sure. So why don't I start with the deposit beta speech Ryan, since that will feed into the NIM. As we talked about last quarter and you see playing out in the marketplace at this point, there's just a number of factors that are impacting beta between product mix and the competitive dynamics on pricing, just how quickly the Fed has moved over the last 5 quarters. All of this happening under the backdrop of QT. And so we put that on top of our view for deposits all of the needs that we have, our desire to grow customer relationships and the like. And so those forces, coupled with the fact that at this point in the cycle, deposit pricing just tends to lag yields.  And so you've seen our betas continue to rise over the last few quarters. I talked about the last cycle us being in the low 40s. And a quarter ago, I said you should expect us to kind of move up from where we were. We are now in the 52% range. I wouldn't be surprised if there continues to be upward pressure on beta from here given all of the factors that I just described.  So why don't I then start on your question about NIM with headwinds That, of course, would be one, the beta lag as well as what we're seeing in the wholesale funding market, spreads are a little bit wider. So just overall funding costs, I think, would probably be a headwind. And then we're also seeing credit continue to normalize. Rich touched in his talking points around card margin. So revenue suppression would be another headwind, all else equal. But we do see at least a few tailwinds, one being the level of revolve rate in card in the second quarter tends to be seasonally lower. And just on a longer-term basis, the current run rate has been lower over the last couple of years. So both of those factors could be driving card margin up.  I also think that when you look at our cash position, cash is likely to remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. This quarter, we saw ending cash come down. Average cash was largely flat since we had built up, cash over the course of the first quarter. But I think you should expect that cash will remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic but over time, it probably will come down at least modestly from here. And then the last thing is in the back half of the year, we'll have an extra day in the quarter. So as we move into Q3, that will be a definitive tailwind.  So those are what I would enumerate as the primary forces at play. And so one of the big ones that's going to drive the trajectory is really what ends up happening to beta. 
Andrew Young: And then with respect to the allowance, Ryan, I know I've talked a lot about the mechanics in recent calls, so I'll spare all of you the tutorial. But the first thing with respect to the allowance will obviously be allowing for future growth is an obvious contributor to where the allowance goes from here. But then it's really all about the outlook for losses and in particular, what we're projecting for loss rates a year out. So Rich just described a lot of the dynamics that are at play with our outlook for [ client ] losses. So depending on how all those factors play out, that's really going to have the biggest impact, especially as you look out well into '24. 
Andrew Young: Typically, Mihir, I'll take that one if you're talking just Q1 to Q2. In the first quarter, we typically have seasonal effects to compensation when bonuses are paid, payroll tax issues. You see that in the ST&B, Salary Tax and Benefit line there. So that's really the largest single factor, not necessarily a fundamental shift in any trajectory. 
Andrew Young: Well, I don't think there's anything fundamentally different in the business, Mihir. I think there's a lot of question around what happens to consumer behavior when we talked about revolve rate in card and other things. And then also on the funding side, partially dependent on what the Fed ends up doing over an extended period of time where rates eventually settle out. I think those are all factors that could ultimately impact where the final resting place is for NIM, but there's nothing that is really fundamentally different across our book from where it was years ago. 
Andrew Young: Yes. So the baseline assumption and our outlook focusing, I imagine you're looking mostly for unemployment rate. So we have it increasing from the 3.6% it is today to 4.3% at the end of this year and then moving higher in the 4s, but staying in the 4s through 2024. That compares to our assumption last quarter of, I believe, it was 5.1%. But remember that our models tend to use the change in unemployment rates or the rate of job creation, which we're forecasting to come down to nearly 0, rather than the level of unemployment. And so it's not just about those factors, too, in our allowance. We're also considering downside scenarios that are much more severe than that baseline.  So when you take that into account to your first question around what are we assuming, I'm not going to give specific forecast. Rich listed out kind of the factors that we believe will create upward pressure on our loss rates in the near term, at least. And so we did assume that there's higher losses in the second quarter of next year than the quarter that we just left sort of mechanically, as I described this quarter's allowance. But where that goes from here is just so heavily assumption-laden focused on the back half of the year, I'd really focus your attention much more to delinquencies as the leading indicator to charge-offs, especially in the near term because that's where the economics ultimately are felt as opposed to the allowance that is going to move quarter-to-quarter based on assumptions looking many quarters into the future. 
Andrew Young: Sure. So I think you've got it right in terms of looking at salaries and benefits in professional services in conjunction with one another as we were making substantial investments in technology we were supplementing that with some third-party resources. We brought that down as we've been able to use our brand -- our recruiting brand to bring incredible talent into the organization. And so it's really looking in some ways at those 2 lines in conjunction with one another to get a sense for the kind of underlying overall labor trend. And then in other noninterest income, no, it's -- well, not specifically a sale, one of the biggest things in that creates some quarter-to-quarter fluctuation is agency income in our commercial business. So it's a little bit lumpy, but we saw some real strength in the quarter, and so that's what drove the quarter-over-quarter increase there. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So just to put some numbers behind your comments. So the Domestic Card delinquencies in the second quarter were about 10% higher than the same quarter of 2019. Our charge-offs are still a bit below their 2019 levels. But based on what we see in our delinquencies, we think they'll get back there in the next few months.  So when you interpret our credit metrics, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. There is one effect that is increasing our loss rate that is probably more pronounced for Capital One, at least for a time, which is related to our recovery. Past charge-offs are the raw material for future recoveries and we just lived through 3 years of very low charge-offs. So our recoveries will be unusually low in the short to medium term. This is a larger headwind for us than for most others because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average and because we tend to work our own recoveries, so they tend to come in over time, not all at once, which happens in a debt sale.  Also, we have to remember that the credit performance we saw over the past 3 years was unprecedented. So we believe there's some catching up that happens on the other side of that, especially for consumers who might otherwise have charged off over the past 3 years. So we call this sort of the deferred charge-off effect. It's something that really can't be measured. We won't even be able to measure it in hindsight, how big this effect is, but it's intuitively sort of the reverse of the effect we saw in the Global Financial Crisis, which in many ways, just pulled forward charge-offs for lots of folks that were in a vulnerable position. And then what we saw in the aftermath of that for those that -- and weathered that, we just saw strikingly low charge-offs.  So I think really what -- kind of what's going on with this whole sort of normalization in the context of such extraordinarily low unemployment rates, I think an important part here is sort of this deferred charge-off effect. And so that's the dynamic we see going on in our business. We continue to feel very good about the credit performance. We're not giving guidance on predicting the level, but we continue to lean into our growth opportunities because the metrics we see are very solid. 
Richard Fairbank: My greatest strategic optimism, Richard, is in the card business. We've -- first of all, we've always been a big fan of the card business starting from the beginning of the company. It's not an accident that we chose the card business because we love the industry structure. We love the opportunity to leverage kind of strategies that we wanted to put in place, the information-based, technology-based strategies. And while that is something one can apply across all of financial services, it certainly has tremendous leverage in a business like the card business. So we've always loved the business.  As you know, kind of, you've followed us for a long time, Richard, we -- just because we love a business, doesn't mean we constantly have our foot on the accelerator. So we very much look at the industry structure and then look at the marketplace and make our choices. We -- often, we end up zigging while others zag, as you have seen in the past.  We feel very good about the opportunities in the card business for several reasons. I think, well, first of all, just the health of the consumer, just consumer credit is in a very good place. The consumer is in an exceptionally strong place. And I think that gives a foundation of strength even in the context of an economy that's got some concerning aspects to it. Then we look at the competitive environment, I think the competition is intense in card, but it is rational. We see people making credit choices. And just when we look at the competition, and this isn't always true in banking, but I think we see a rational industry making rational choices. And so I think the credit that is being delivered to the consumer is balance to the appetite, and so we feel good about the competitive environment.  We look at margins and where they are. They are strong. The credit environment, as we talked about in my answer to Ryan Nash, credit losses are increasing. I think there's a catch-up sort of delayed charge-off effect. But when we look at the metrics, the metrics on recent originations, the metrics on our back book with respect to performance of existing accounts, credit line increases, we just see strength across the board. So we feel very good about that and we look at our marketing programs, and they continue to generate a lot of new accounts. And so pulling way up on that, we like the metrics, we like the results of our programs, and we like the marketplace in credit.  And if I cross-calibrate to other parts of the marketplace. The auto business, even while we've been leaning into card, we have been -- had more of our foot on the brake over the last 18 months in the auto business for a number of factors, but probably the biggest one being what was happening on the pricing side and the difficulty in passing through increases in cost of funds. That aspect has normalized mostly in the market. The auto business has still some unique aspects to it that we got to keep an eye on used car prices, and they've been elevated. They're likely to fall over time. And so -- but all in all, we see opportunity maybe expanding a little bit in the auto space, but we'll have to keep an eye on that. But in the very recent sort of months, we've seen the opportunity to lean in a little bit more.  And then on the commercial side of the business, obviously, our biggest focus has been on the office portfolio and Capital One, again, tends to take a different path than a lot of companies do. But we -- I think for a lot of banks, they tend to -- when they look at the credit environment when they see credit that is worsening in a particular sector, they tend to pull back on originations, which makes a lot of sense. We often see one more notch on the continuum, which is to look at the assets that we have and look from time to time at, in fact, selling those. We have -- over the last few years, we have actually unloaded something like -- this is -- well, something like $6 billion of loans. That's not an official -- Andrew is the one who gives the precise numbers. What I'm saying is several billion dollars of sort of exiting that we have done. Now in this particular case, we look at the market and see a lot of sustained stress in that market and feel that when we have an opportunity to relieve some of the higher stress aspects of that business, we took that opportunity.  So pulling way up, you see at Capital One, we -- for some of our business, we have our foot on the brake and for other parts of the company, our foot is on the gas. But where I would leave you, the net impression I would lead you it is really on the card side, that we're really leaning in the hardest. 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Betsy. Let me talk about the marketing, yes, thanks for commenting about the seasonality. I mean every year is different in terms of the quarterly patterns. But we pointed out this year is, it seems like a more normal year with the back half, with the more common back half, higher back half than we've had in some of the anomalous times during the pandemic. The marketing was flat compared -- in this quarter, was flat compared to the prior quarter and down 12% year-over-year. But I wouldn't draw really strong conclusions from that because as I already talked about, we're leaning into the marketing. It's just from a timing point of view of some of our marketing, it was just didn't happen to fall as much in this quarter.  And let me talk about the opportunities that we see and why we're investing heavily in marketing, really, first of all, we just see attractive growth opportunities across our business. Particularly in the card business, we've continued to expand our products and our marketing channels. We're seeing very good traction. These opportunities are significantly enhanced by our technology transformation that enabled us to leverage more data, access more channels, leverage machine learning models and provide customized solutions that continues to just generate very good performance, and we're leaning in to capitalize on that. So sort of category one is just the good opportunities that we see.  The second thing that's behind our marketing levels is something we've been talking about for a long time, which is our ongoing focus on heavy spenders. And it was really back in 2010 that we declared a strategic push for heavy spenders. And we knew in looking at the business that, that's not a thing that we can go lean in one year, pull back another year. This is a whole part of the marketplace, which is about commitment. It's about building exceptional experiences, great products and the brand.  So starting really with the venture launch way back in 2010, we've been leaning in hard there. But of course, it hasn't just been about flagship cards. It's been about working backwards from what it takes to win with heavy spenders and investing across really the digital experience, the servicing experience, the lifestyle and product experiences as well. And what's been nice about this is that we've and you've seen in our purchase volume growth, a lot of growth of purchase volume, but another strong manifestation of this is the rate of growth year after year has been higher at the higher end than the average. So we continue to get increased traction going up and up in the pursuit of heavy spenders.  Now, of course, heavy spenders have much higher upfront cost of marketing, promotions, brand building. And hence, it's a big factor in why the marketing levels at Capital One, if you compare back to many years ago, they're sort of structurally higher but that's in pursuit of this really, I think, company transforming benefits that we're getting there.  A third factor driving our marketing levels, Betsy, is our continuing investment in building our national retail bank. As you know, we have only a modest presence in terms of physical distribution. And so to get there, we lean heavily on our modern technology and a compelling digital experience and along with that, a sustained investment in marketing. So that's a bit about what's behind our marketing levels that you're seeing and the opportunities we see. And if we really look across those 3 sort of buckets, just the growth opportunities we see, the opportunities in building the heavy spender franchise and then the building of the national bank being sort of the one bank that's building a full-service bank without trying to do it via a branch on every corner, all of this marketing is the engine behind this, and we continue to lean into it and be very pleased with the performance. 
Richard Fairbank: Well, let me comment for a second. Well, let me first say, we're not really giving growth outlook. The thing I really want to say about marketing is marketing drives the origination of accounts. The real growth of our card business comes really from balanced growth and also from purchase volume growth, of course. But those are not one-for-one things. But what we have been focused on since the founding of the company is building a company that has an organic growth engine focused on originations and leveraging the technology and analytical capabilities that we built. And so our -- when you see our leaning in hard to marketing. Think about that is the engine that's driving new accounts. And over time, those accounts really are, to your point, even though the timing is not one-for-one, those accounts are really the foundation for the continued outstandings and revenue growth of the company. 
Richard Fairbank: So let's pull up, first of all, our Domestic Card purchase volume was up 7% year-over-year. But that's -- to your question, Don, that's really powered by the growth in our customer base. When you look at spend per customer, this has moderated and is now generally flat from a year ago. And the moderation in spending appears to be broad-based. We've observed it across income bands and card segments. We've also seen it across both discretionary and nondiscretionary categories.  By the way, it's not surprising at all that this would sort of level out. The consumer pulled way back in the pandemic, just an unprecedented amount of pullback and now -- and sort of has come roaring back on the other side. But I think for the individual customer, things are sort of settling out. So I think when we ask what would we wish for, I think this is a sensible -- like so often, I always say that's the most sensible constituency in all of the marketplace tends to yet again be the consumer.  But overall, we think that spend moderation is the sign of a rational and healthy behavior on the part of the consumer. And then we match it with the payment rates, and those are, look, those are normalizing somewhat. The revolve rates are normalizing somewhat, but both the payment rate and the revolve rates on a segment-by-segment basis are still not there. They're not at the pre-pandemic levels yet, which indicates an underlying strength, at least on average, even when maybe at the margin, you're seeing some of these deferred charge-offs that are driving up credit losses. 
