Loren Starr: Michael, good question. And obviously, something we looked at very carefully. When we were thinking about what was related to the integration and the potential announcement and when we announced the integration in November, we were looking at what the fallout might be. We did not see any spike up in our redemption rates relative to the industry level. And in fact, we've been tracking this and certainly, not off of the industry level. So it's hard for us to point to breakage due to these announcements if we're really tracking where the industry is on the asset classes that we have, right? So again, we have a higher proportion of domestic equity. It's not been in favor. Obviously, our international equity has been an inflow [ph], and that's where the industry inflows happen. So again, we've looked at it very closely from asset class to asset class to see if we've seen anything, and that's why we're optimistic again. And we move from $5 billion down to the $2 billion kind of worst-case breakage number because we've really haven't seen any fallout yet.
Loren Starr: I think the focus still is very much where it has been. We see a great deal of interest in the alternative bucket generally. Specifically real estate is probably the area where we've seen the most degree of interest on the institutional side, but we are seeing greater interest from the commodity types of products, asset allocation types of products. Stable value is another element that is featuring very nicely because we're very competitively position there, and we're performing extremely well. Bank loans are also an emerging theme. So again, it's broadening out, but it's still somewhat concentrated on some of those asset classes that we've discussed in the past.
Loren Starr: I think we would probably characterize it as obviously exceptionally good performance in Atlantic Trust and it was centered around one product in particular. And again, I don't know if we would necessary say -- we did see that product perform last year. I think it was about $6 million or $7 million of the performance fee. And it was even higher this year. So I'm not saying it wouldn't necessarily occur again. And in the next quarter, but as an [ph] annual type of fee calculation, so you wouldn't expect it to show up in either quarters coming forward, Q1, Q2 or Q3. The real estate fees again is probably more potential for seeing performance fees in real estate generally, and they do occur sort of, off-cycle. So and that was the smaller piece of the performance fees, but it is one that has become more elevated than we've seen in the past.
Loren Starr: We forecast every quarter what we think operating income comes in based on current assets. And so we're always sort of looking ahead, and we don't believe in sort of catching up in the fourth quarter. So we -- if we're forecasting, we try to have a relatively smooth kind of progression on compensation other than sort of one-off performance fees, which we really have a harder time predicting. So again, I think we had -- we're not surprised that it was relatively flat. We think it makes sense relative to what we're doing. Again, some of it is a function of who's earning what, where and performance in different investment teams. But again, it's a diversified portfolio teams, and so there shouldn't be great movement from quarter to quarter generally.
Loren Starr: The other thing I would just add, Marty, I think the performance of the products that are stronger than we had even anticipated in terms of, we've got a lot of product that were coming over and matching them into the right product buckets to the extent that you're taking the strong performing products and you might put into a lesser performing product, there's always issues there. It's not really been the case. Our products are performing and even improving in their performance. So it's allowed us to get greater confidence that we have no issues in terms of our, again -- we're keeping the $2 billion as a safety net here. I think...
Loren Starr: We are getting flows in and so we are getting inflows in that net against outflows. What we're really talking about though is specific breakage related to the fund mergers, and that's what we're not seeing.
Loren Starr: I think that, generally, excluding performance fees with equity markets growing, which they have been, that does have a very positive impact on our fee rates. So that's actually one part of it. The other thing that's definitely going to happen is you have the passive fees that sell out in the fourth quarter, and that was at a very, very low fee rate. And for that, we'll have sort of just obviously a mathematical benefit to the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. The general flow into passive is always something that could shift things around a little bit. And again, it’s because that people are gravitating back to some of the domestic equity mutual funds, that will be a very positive thing as opposed to potentially other types of passive products or ETFs. But we have continued seeing strength in ETFs, but they're at a higher fee, so again I don't think that necessarily won't dilute our traditional ETFs. That will dilute our fee rate. So again, I'm optimistic based on where the market is going. We will certainly see a benefit to the fee rate going forward.
Loren Starr: I think our fixed expense relative variable expense is about 2/3 fixed, 1/3 variable. And that is something that, I think, will provide us with great operating leverage on the upside. What is it a function of? It's a function of one, this being a global company, which is inherently more, we’ll have more infrastructure to do as opposed to operating from one city and one product. So again, I think the operating leverage will work in our favor. We could try to variableize the fixed expense. But we don't think that's the right answer. We really think that the brighter idea is to keep a lot of the back -- I don't want to say the back office because it's the wrong way to describe it -- but the platforms and keep driving the cost down and we can add value to that process. If you farm that off to a third party, you variableize that, but you lose the margin upside. And we think we have the opportunity through just normal market growth to see our margins continue to expand from where they are today. And we're hoping that that's going to be the case, and we think that's what our investors want to see as well.
Loren Starr: I think, Glenn, there a couple of one-off things on the institutional side. I mean you'll see it on Slide 21, probably more so where it wasn't so much a retail redemption point, it was more sort of a spike in the institutional side. And again, there were some one-off things that I could point to that we don’t think are going to be sort of recurring themes. So again I think the point on the retail side is that we will expect to see, obviously certainly at a minimum moving in line with industry and hopefully doing better than the industry ex any breakage. And high net worth sort of private wealth management continues to drive forward. And on the institutional side, our pipeline -- everything we've seen both in terms of one, but not yet funded, as well as qualified opportunities that are both growing double digit kind of growth rates and versus Q3 versus prior December. So again, we have every reason to feel that this fourth quarter may just be a little bit of a noise point.
Loren Starr: It is. It's in the billions. So again they are low fee though, and we talked a little bit about in our December release that there some outflow in the institutional side. And again, some of our products are sort of designed to be low fee, but they will generate other types of revenues. But again, it's something that I don't think you will see have a material impact on our revenue, if anything it will improve our yield.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think the headcount is a function of the integration depending on where you're looking, obviously. But we did do some acquisitions through the course of the fourth quarter. So there was some headcount pick up there, which again AIG, a Real Estate business was the one piece, among others. So I think some of it is the acquisitions. And then finally, we are prepping for moving our Indian office over to our books. Right now, it's all being done through a third-party provider. And we've already started that process, and some of those headcounts that were in Indian sort of outsourced relationship are now on our books. And so you'll see actually the headcount jump to –- just a heads up -- in the first quarter, up probably close to 500, even more heads when we bring those individuals over. It's again not going to do anything from a P&L perspective. It may move some things around in terms of where it's located between Property and Technology into compensation. But again, it's not material in terms of …
Loren Starr: Cynthia, I think we obviously have seen significant inflows come in from the U.K. It's been broadly across a variety of product categories, which is good news. We still see good sales there, but the redemption rate has sort of moved more in line with industry averages and that really was kind of the story for what happened in the fourth quarter. I don't think we are sort of concerned about outflows. And certainly, there's been some underperformance when you look at the numbers really due to some of the high-convention [ph], kind of investing that happen with our teams there. It can move around quite a bit, depending on which market environment you're in and we’ve seen it. So it can go sort of from best in class to the lower of that just based on where markets are moving in particular sort of day or week. So again, we feel good about the flow prospects overall just given the diversification of products and the high performance that we have across that broad spectrum. Generally, when we've seen underperformance in the U.K., we've not seen significant outflows when that’s happened. People understand the style that's being provided. And I think the vast majority of people have great faith in the management of the team there. So again, it's something that we're still looking at. I'm not saying it couldn't happen, but I'd say at this point, we are not concerned, we feel confident that, that's a good story in the U.K.
Loren Starr: I mean, obviously the run-up in the markets, which have been really driven by, I guess, some might say lower quality kind of movements as the theme that obviously has affected the performance in the U.K. and some of the other areas within the firm generally that have sort of a longer view on managing their position. So again, I don't think we're concerned. We don't really think that the one-year numbers are going to drive flows. And the longer-term track record, particularly in the U.K., is just outstanding. I think that will count for more.
Loren Starr: I do know that we're continuing to make progress. I've had the opportunity to speak to our Head of Distribution and he's provided definite anecdotes that, yes, our product is being sort of promoted, been put on preferred in terms of models, being said, The products that you should be buying. These are large distributors. I don't want to name names, but we definitely are getting traction there. We're having a lot of our products approved and some of the wirehouses, I think we just recently had six new won approvals and some of our products that are really getting traction too are some of the asset allocation products that I think our track record is really amongst the best and have a differentiated capability. And RFPs really are moving significantly higher from where they were at the earlier part of the year, more than doubling. So again, we're seeing the right sense of progress. We have every reason to continue to be optimistic that we're getting traction, and until I do think again if the market environment comes into play, that's favorable to the assets that we have to offer. [indiscernible]
Loren Starr: I think the area where we've seen a lot of very good progress just generally the retirement channel and insurance some of the incentivized capabilities that we can plug-in. And there hasn't been a lot of disruption there. I don't think there's been general disruption and some of the broker-dealer wirehouse areas and so it's harder to sort of move ahead we sort of talk about they’re working out their own situation and at same time. In terms of kind of our key partners, we're seeing again progress, very definitive progress and so we feel good about that. The other area that generally is working for us too, is just an area of sort of U.S. retail on the ETFs and UIT continue to be really a strong capability for us and a differentiating capability, and I think that's something that, again, we're not going to slowed down.
Loren Starr: I mean, I think again, we continue to work on expense management across many different levels in many different projects. There's nothing that's significant other than probably the biggest moving piece has been our ability to leverage our Indian operation more fully. And that's just a theme that I think we'll continue to see. You'll see it in kind of the growth of that area. And obviously, there's savings in that process. And beyond that, there's nothing sort of dramatic that I can really talk about other than just, obviously, the basic blocking and tackling.
Loren Starr: Well, Bill, we've never really historically provided that level of detail and I guess, I'm hesitant to start now. So obviously, when you think about how an institutional business works, I mean, we have a good sense of what's going to [indiscernible] in terms of the sales. When you look at our sales, that’s kind of representative of what we're bringing in every quarter. Generally we're not funding more than multiple quarters in advance. So again, size-wise, it's within our quarterly sales number, but it's something that, again, I'm not -- I think at this point we'll pass on that question if that's all right.
Loren Starr: Unfortunately, we're not able to talk about that specific fundraising for the reasons that we've discussed in the past. So I can't get into any specifics about what the raise or when the rest can be raised once it gets closed without getting afoul of …
Loren Starr: Again, even as much as I’d even talk about it, I can't even tell you what could fund in the quarter. I know it's kind of frustrating for everyone, but I just can't specify anything specifically to that fund.
Loren Starr: I think it's very much a function of what we see the value in the stock we'll eventually come out opportunistic. We never said our hands are tied in terms of how quickly we're going to pay down the credit facility. And so, again, if we see value in terms of buying the shares, I think we will do that and we will balance it in a very prudent way against the other priorities, and paying down the credit facility is a priority, don't get me wrong, but again, there's not sort of we got to get it done by Q3 of next year type of mentality, I mean, we do want to make progress. So, again, I think you should expect us to continue to be very balanced and opportunistic in terms of how we deploy our capital again with the goal to maximize shareholder value overall.
Loren Starr: Mark, I'll give you a little help on this one. We provide some insights -- you can see our joint venture just as an example because it's all kind of fully disclosed in our asset-related [indiscernible] and you can see the margins are very healthy there, I think 16% in that range and higher. So again, some of those markets to the extent that they really begin growing could be extremely helpful for us in terms of asset margin expansion. The other sort of element to margin is scale. And so the areas where we have the greatest scale and probably largest mutual funds tend to be higher margin. And you can look to obviously the U.K. as an example of an area where you see that type of phenomenon. But with that said, I mean generally, although offshore product is high margin for us, it's a higher fee than some of the U.S. products. And so we've driven a dramatic difference between Continental Europe and also the U.K. as a general point. So where we've seen sort of lower margins have been the small areas that are more asset size and really are not operating outside of their own local area. And so those are our opportunities to cross-sell products in and sort of become bigger in those locations. I don't want to name names. But again, you can look to our map and you can probably see some certain locations where we've done some things back in Australia to improve our scale and that's very helpful for margin. Japan is another example where we've obviously taken a conscious act to try to grow scale there. So that's going to be our approach is when you look at where we are and be relevant in the markets that we're operating.
Loren Starr: Yes, Chris. Our dividend policy is really to have our dividends grow under all markets steadily. And so we target sort of single-digit growth rates for dividend and could be somewhere between 4% and 6% generally year-over-year [indiscernible]. We do not target a specific payout ratio, but we do want to make sure that we never have to cut the dividend or have to reduce it. And again, I think if you look at how we've done it in the past, it's actually served us quite well even through the whole credit crisis.
Loren Starr: We would announce for the first quarter increase sometime after the earnings call for the first quarter.
Martin Flanagan: I think also emerging markets equities is starting to get a lot of attention. So you're starting to see -- what you've seen is our retail flows happening institutionally at the same time. So it is broadening the interest.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, Mike, I think that's the case. It's not a big run towards them yet, but as you're seeing and what we're seeing too, you're starting to see people become more interested in it. And I think as you, and probably others, have all done the work, when you look within the categories of U.S. equities, the largest outflows over the last quarter are going into the year were large-cap growth, large-cap value in those areas. So those, ultimately, will be the drivers of larger flows, and we think we're very well positioned with the range of products we have in the performance against that. But again, predicting where individuals will go is a hard one. And I think also if you look at the international and global equity categories, again, if you look at the categories within it, the vast amount of flows were going into diversified emerging markets where we have very strong capabilities as a firm. But in the retail channel, our product is right now closed to new investors, which is the right thing for the investors that we have, but doesn't open it up for those there. But you literally saw world stock funds and European stock funds being net outflows within those categories. So again, I think the headline is people are starting to move, I think cautiously into equities and U.S. equities in particular. And I think we're very well positioned for that. And also, international equities would be the secondary.
Martin Flanagan: You're hitting on an interesting topic. I think if you look at the fourth quarter last year where the headlines were very nerve-racking to investors around municipal bonds. You saw you have the Tax-Free segment within the industry and net outflows, quite frankly, creating, I'd say now, some pretty attractive situations for investors, but that's a personal point of view. And so we saw that too. We weren't immune to that. The team is a very, very good team. They do great at work, and I feel very good about the portfolios that we have and the holdings within them, and I think it's a very attractive time for investors, personally.
Martin Flanagan: Stable value has been a very, very important segment for us. It's just been a very strong performing part of the business and it probably [ph] recognizes the leading capability in the industry – we’re [ph] top couple for sure, and we've been benefiting from that.
Martin Flanagan: Look, we've all been in the industry for a long, long time and when we came up with that $10 billion number of expected outflows, as I mentioned, we didn't pull it out of the air. I mean, it was literally mathematical calculations based on historical information we had and industry information we picked up. And again, I'm repeating myself, but there's always perceived transaction risk. There's usually -- it's hard work to do and the combination of the fund merger process. Now they aren’t drivers where you get redemptions. I personally attribute it to just very, very good communication with the clients. But also, the integration just went very, very, very well. And the idea that all the systems are converted at the day of closing, as best I can tell, has never happened before. And I think that's a huge driver. And at the same time, you have the management, investment management teams, weren’t distracted there. We put them in a position where they could focus on the clients and drive performance. And I think that's really seems to be what's driving these results. So we view at it as a very unique outcome.
Martin Flanagan: You've seen on a number of them, as I talked about earlier, what we're -- Europe is a great opportunity for us. We take our [ph] position very well, and we're focused on doing better in Continental Europe. And Asia-Pacific, we think, we’re uniquely placed there, and we'll continue to probably do better there. And if you look at some of our capabilities, not just emerging markets, but our Asian capabilities, our Chinese capabilities, I think those are asset classes and categories that will, in time, just continue to stand out as investors continue to look to expand their exposure in those areas of the world. And that's really the conversation we're trying to have. I think, generally, the most public information you can get to is U.S. mutual funds and so that's what people focus on here. And if you focus simply on the U.S. Mutual Fund business, you're missing the point. And that's what we're trying to get across today.
Martin Flanagan: I'd just add, it's a world-class investment team across categories. The performance is very consistent with their investment philosophy and approach and I just feel very confident that, in time, that performance will do very, very well.
Martin Flanagan: It's interesting, Cynthia. When you look at it from the data we see, the U.S. has been the most pronounced difficult equity market at a retail level. And if you look at Continental Europe, there were some very, very strong concentrated flows and global bond funds. But you still have equity inflows. But I think what you are going to see on the continent, in particular, is probably rotation back to equities and by European equities, we'll be a very, very important part of that. And again, we think we're positioned very, very well for that. And we're seeing in Japan, frankly, the Japanese equity team continues to get more interest again. So we expect that to be another area. And there's been continued interest in the Greater China area into equities. But interestingly again, some of the categories are, we might classify as more energy-type sectors or precious metal-type sectors, which are more sector-driven, which is I wouldn't say how people in the United States would generally look at things. So we do think the equity theme is beyond the United States.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. Ken, you hit on the first very important topic, improving investment performance is a very, very important thing and that's happening. Canada also is a very different market than what we've seen almost anywhere else in the world, where in my view, there's almost been the sort of separation of manufacturing and distribution as sort of a common theme around the world. You'll see it to the extent of financial institutions getting out of money management and this is exactly counter in Canada where the banks have done a very, very good job in money-management and they are getting stronger and sort of the distribution element they are distributing and managing, and that is very unique trend in the world. And so generally, what you're seeing is you have independent asset managers that don't have distribution – this has been a challenge. This has been a big compounding factor. So with that as a theme, what we've also seen though, too, what's important is we've had a very narrow product offering in Canada that's being broadened within that channel, which we think is helping and will continue to be helpful in that marketplace. Also, we have been frankly has had really no position in the institutional market in Canada, and that is an area where we are focusing on as an organization very early days. But we think we're going to see some -- that's another area of success for us. So we think it's an important market for us. We think in time, we will do well, but there is this overall industry phenomenon going on at the same time.
Martin Flanagan: Let me try to get some of those, Ken. On the institutional side again there's been -- let me first step back and say all of the investment capabilities we look to make available in both retail and institutional channel when it makes sense. And within that, this notion of getting platforms or getting rated by consultants is an important factor. There is -- I feel very good about the institutional leadership we have in this organization right now. I'd say it was being put in place throughout last year and it really, by mid-November was sort of the end of -- just want to call it the positioning of the team. They're very, very focused broadly in doing the things that you’d want them than to do, a segment of that being on consultant ratings and there is a plan to continue to broaden and drive those ratings up in the consultant channel. That is like anything a longer dated effort, but I think we'll make some good progress during the year. And then within the platforms in the United States, I would say there's some ongoing focus and progress. I don't have specific numbers.
Martin Flanagan: I think the headline is there's opportunity in all the channels. I would -- I don't think any one of us feel that we sort of hit the potential in any one of the channels, and I think that's a general theme, not just in the United States, but in different parts of the world. Again, I've come back to Europe and Asia, in particular. And again, I think as Ken had asked just before and what you're following up on, our absolute ongoing efforts to do everything that we're supposed to sort of broaden that and make that more successful. But if you …
Martin Flanagan: What I would add, though, Dan, and I for think everybody too is we would never stop this effort of continuous improvement becoming more efficient, more effective every year. It is just absolutely essential I think for a business to constantly challenge itself and become more efficient, more effective for all the obvious reasons. And again, compared to five years ago when there was sort of a focus on low-hanging fruit we’re just at a very, very different place as an organization. But again, it's always going to be a continued focus for the firm just to get better and better.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I really do. Again, this is not a new attribute of Invesco. It’s one of those very, very deep and important elements, and it goes back decades. And when you look at the relative positioning of this firm in Asia, greater China in particular and more recently with the addition of Morgan Stanley, Japan combination, we are very, very strong, very strong in that part of the world. And also, the deep history in Continental Europe, it’s not, again, an overnight idea. It’s decades of being there and very, very capable group of people on the ground there and you've just been focused on trying to broadening our success there, I think it will be we will be quite strong there. So I feel very good about our positioning.
Martin Flanagan: Canada is a very, very strong capability for us. We think there's great opportunity in total in Canada. We've not historically taken advantage of the total Canadian opportunity and we intend to. And we just think it's the capabilities used throughout the organization and we like the talent, it contributes and we're committed to be very successful in that market.
Martin Flanagan: Fair question. And I think you’re on the mark. I feel really good about the progress we've been making in the United States with ETFs. I think it's really just a great combination for us. In Europe it’s probably been three years ago when we first entered the market. I mean the fundamental fact is, during the crisis period we did slow down on additional development in Europe -- whether that was smart or not -- we can judge that in a few years. But again, we do think that it's an important attribute that we have and it is going to continue to be a focus of ours in Europe. Canada actually has, again, it was about a year ago that we started in Canada and has been some really good early successes. And it's about $1 billion of assets that have come out of Canada, the ETF market in Canada for us. And again, we just look at it. We are looking globally, we are paying attention globally and we will respond when we think the markets are ready and there's an opportunity for us to do it. But again, I think what you would see over -- again, so we've not given up on it but your observation is the correct one.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I think just within your question, I think is the answer. I think we have a new division Director coming in right now. So yes, there's an awful lot of work done on the recommendation. There was an enormous amount of feedback on the recommendation. And I think by some estimates, there was more feedback on that recommendation of any proposal that’s ever come out of the SEC. So you put that in combination: new Director and the feedback they have but also with all the things that they put on their plate with the new regulation have to deal with, I think it's going to be quite a while before they get back to 12b-1 topic.
Martin Flanagan: There isn't currently, and it's not for lack of discussions as I mentioned earlier. Like any business we look every year all the time where should we be placing our emphasis and our conclusion has come to the next incremental dollar we ever – the management time we think we invested back in the countries that we're in right now is a much better result for our clients and shareholders than going into a place like Mexico or Brazil right now. And the path that we’re on probably for the foreseeable future unless things change.
Martin Flanagan: Well, again, I want to thank everybody for their time and interest. And again, we feel it's a very good year, very good quarter. We're very optimistic as we look forward for the opportunities for the organization. And again, we just feel we're placed very, very well globally and strong range of investment capabilities, a very dedicated organization. And again, I think we should have a good 2011, and I hope we all do. So thank you very much and have a good rest of the day. Take care.
