Allison Dukes: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. As a reminder, this conference call and the related presentation may include forward-looking statements which reflects management's expectation about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements are made as of today and are not guaranteed. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. For discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. Invesco makes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures may be found at the end of our earnings presentation.
Allison Dukes: Get, doesn't help either. But even in rising markets, as we continue to see really strong demand for our passive capabilities, and I think that's evidenced by some of the organic growth rates we just walked through. And we continue to see real pressure on the overall net revenue yield. And if I look at net revenue yield of our active AUM, it's actually held up pretty nicely over the last year or two years. And it's really that strong demand for our passive AUM that's creating this pressure. And so we do expect there to continue to be downward pressure on the revenue yield overall, as we continue to see that demand and the shift of our business mix. And hopefully some of the detail and the color we provided on the, the pressure that we also see just from money market fee waivers and the Q's, one of which is temporary, and maybe an opportunity if we do see rates increase over the course of this year. As it relates to then what does that mean for our operating margin? What Yes, the volatility we're experiencing so far in January, and it does put pressure on it. I mean it will require us to be incredibly disciplined from an expense management standpoint. I think we've made terrific progress. When I look at 450 basis points of operating margin improvement year-over-year, and we've got ourselves to a new a new place, a new position that we can operate within, and it might not be as high as what we experienced in the last quarter or two. But I don't think we do get anywhere near back to where we were a couple of years ago. And we're being very disciplined and very thoughtful about that exact issue, as we look at the -- our budget for the year and how we think about a pretty significant expense base.
Allison Dukes: Yes, so a couple things to point out. That $100 million recovery is actually an -- our non-GAAP results and our transaction, integration expense. So it really doesn't in our adjusted net income, you don't see it there. So it's, it's really not a factor. I do think it's important to note the resolution of that MLP matter and that it was fully resolved in the fourth quarter with the $254 million getting that liability behind us is really terrific progress after a couple of years. So I don't want that to go unnoticed because we've really cleared out all these contingent liabilities. But the $100 million recovery against that somebody irrelevant to our payout ratio targets a 30% to 50%.
Allison Dukes: Fair enough. Look at that the $1.9 billion cash balance. And so I would think about it from a cast perspective, and the fact that our cash did grow about $500 million over the year after resolution of all of this contingent liabilities $100 million insurance recovery with a positive there. It does somewhat factor into the timing of moving forward with this in the first quarter, and also our valuation and these rather attractive prices factor into the timing as well, if not now, when is in our thinking as well.
Allison Dukes: Let me just clean up one thing. It's not 96% of our AUM, it's $96 billion, our AUM would be ESG qualified. And as Marty said, 75% of our funds are now what we would consider kind of minimal but systematic ESG integration.
Allison Dukes: Flows. There we had modest outflows in the fourth quarter, continue to see a little bit of pressure there. A lot of our ESG capabilities are somewhat I think somatic in nature as we continue to build them out. And so they could come in and out of favor, definitely continuing to see demand overall in terms of institutional mandates for these ESG capabilities, but flows, I would say were relatively soft on this flattish in the quarter. And one thing I would note in particular as we see some outflows are related to our GTR capabilities. We've talked about GTR, quite a bit. GTR was about $800 million of outflows that also contributes to what we would consider ESG outflows as well. So, there are places where we see positive flows. There are other places of pressure for very specific reasons. But overall, continue to see this as just an important component of our portfolio. And I think as Marty said, in a few years, we don't think we'll really be talking about ESG as its own separate kind of category, but rather a standard that we hold ourselves to across the board.
Allison Dukes: One thing I'd add to that is I do think in the very near term, China is experiencing some pretty new dynamics with COVID that they have not experienced in the last couple of years, while they've been in a bit of a locked in state, and they've been operating normally within the region. But now with case counts increasing, if you've extended much softening of that domestically there, and we're seeing that a little bit as we go into the Chinese New Year here soon. So I say, it's uncertain what impact some of the measures will have on just sentiment overall within the region. As a counterpoint to that, however, where we see real strength and continued demand in our capabilities within our JV is specifically for our fixed income and our balance products. And so as we continue to see, perhaps, a flight to safety and some conservatism, if we see some softening of sentiment, we were very well positioned with our capabilities through our JV. And we're seeing that so far this year.
Allison Dukes: I think we try to stay away from real flow updates enter quarter, but I will, or in for months. I will say this, I think you could see with some of the publicly available data that with what we can control in terms of sales and redemption rates and the like, we feel very good about where we are so far in the year. And one of the benefits of having a very broad and diversified platform is we have that breadth of capabilities as people look to rebalance and shift some of their allocations we’re able to capture a lot of the flows even in a risk-off environment. At the same time, there's a lot of pressure in the market and a significant amount of volatility, as we all experienced yesterday, in particular, and I think the next couple of days, with the Fed meeting, and the minutes coming out of that are going to be quite informative as well. And so with what we can control, we feel very good about it. And I say, the conversations with clients continue to be very constructive and very positive and we're where we need to be. But this is an interesting market.
Allison Dukes: We don't disclose it in that way. And the way that I think where you're going. I mean, I'd point to a couple of things, which is with the strong organic growth rate and we're generating positive organic revenue throughout the year on the flows. There are points of strengths and points of, challenges against that. And as I noted, the active and that revenue yield inside of our active capabilities is actually held up pretty strong, it's barely moved in the last couple of years. And it's really just the challenges we have there with just the demand is not as strong as it is for our passive capabilities. And so what I would point you to is, and I, we've talked about this a few times as well, in our passive capabilities and our ETFs in particular, I'll point that out. Our operating margin that we generate from that is, consistent whether a little better than the firm average operating margin, it takes a higher volume, that's more of a scale play for us. And so as we continue to really see the positive demand for those capabilities, we are able to not only generate positive organic revenue growth, but also really contribute both operating absolute operating margin and absolute operating profit and sustain our operating margins at the same time.
Allison Dukes: Sure. A couple of things one, about a third of our expense base is variable in nature. And so we would expect that to flex up with stronger revenue and flex down if we don't see it. And so, that's point one and the two thirds of our expenses, and that is more fixed in nature. That's really some of where we continue to look at our expense discipline, and where we can look at opportunities to unlock costs, and some cases allowing that to fall to the bottom line and other cases, reinvesting it in places where we think it can be more productive for us. And so we do feel like we have continued opportunity there. We've made good progress on our strategic review, as we've talked about, where the 267 million, they're still got a little ways to go. Our real estate properties portfolio is a place where we continue to make progress and we continue to look. And that's an element of a fixed expense that we continue to evaluate in an operating environment. But not only is it different than it was a couple of years ago, it continues to evolve. And we're being responsive to that as is everybody else right now, and really looking at how do we continue to unlock some of the fixed costs there.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Compensation expense maybe to speak to it sort of broadly, it tends to run somewhere between 38% and 42% of our revenues. If you just look at that on an annualized basis, that's been the range in which we've operated for quite some time. And 2021, it was 38%. So it's on the low end of that range, which is what you would expect in a really strong year. And so I think that is still a very reasonable range to be thinking about, as you think about just our overall compensation expense, regardless of revenue, whether it's coming from, from performance fees or management fees, that that range is the right range to think about. Looking towards expenses in the first quarter overall, I would say a couple of things. Look, marketing tends to be seasonally high in the fourth quarter, you certainly saw that in the fourth quarter of this year, we've got the $25 million to $30 million increase that is the seasonality and compensation expense. And the other point that we're trying to get our own arms around is we did start to see something that looked like a return to normal in the fourth quarter and the Omicron variant really didn't impact in person activity and travel until we were almost on the holidays. And so we were pretty active, right? So that and then things changed, just as the holidays would have brought a natural sort of closure to things for a few weeks. And we obviously haven't seen any traveler engagement really pick back up just yet. I do think we'll start to see some return of that later in February. We're certainly hopeful. And, I think that's an area that we hope continues to grow throughout the year. We've said that now for a while, and we just haven't seen it. But fourth quarter was the first time we started to feel like it was close to normal. So hard to guide as to whether or not we as to when we see the pickup, but I do expect it comes down a bit in the first quarter relative the fourth quarter.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I'd say it is the -- I would be thinking about flat-to-modest expansion in a market where an environment where markets hold, and we continue to see this mix shift. The question is really just the pace of the mix shift. If it's, if it's quite fast that we're looking at flat, if it continues at the pace we've seen, we could get some modest expansion out of that. We said before, we don't intend to run our business with an ever increasing operating margin. And I'll reiterate that. And we do feel like we're in a pretty nice operating range, we would be happy to see it, improve some, but we're not going to start the business in order to allow it to grow. We've got some key investments, we want to continue to make ahead of where we see demand. And so, I think that in a flat markets with real mix shift could get us to a flat operating margin.
Allison Dukes: I mean, I would only add to the valuations frustrating to us. And so what we focus on is what we can control and where we can influence. I think as Marty said, really making sure we're delivering for clients and building out our capabilities so that we are capturing client demand, the 2021 results would point to our success, and that's one of the highest growth rates in the industry. And we're certainly winning vis-à-vis the competition there. We also made meaningful progress with 450 basis point improvements in our operating leverage. I mean it was important, we had some work to do there. And we needed to get ourselves back into the right operating range. And there was a lot of hard work that went into that. And we feel very good about the work that we've done there. And that falls to the bottom line. And then the balance sheet needed some work. And we've made tremendous progress in strengthening the balance sheet and continue to work on that and put ourselves in a position to do further work on the balance sheet as the year unfolds. And so as we look at, what should influence that return to shareholders, we think we're making real progress against each one of those. And it's not a quarter-to-quarter game, and it's a long term game. And we're going to stick to this plan, because we think it's actually really yielding the results that investors are looking for, and certainly has the support of our board as well.
Allison Dukes: Hard to say this yet, you're right, that does get us into that range. And we did feel like the timing was right to actually move further aggressively on it for all the reasons that we talked about earlier, and feel good about that. Whether or not we will continue to do more as the year unfolds, I think we'll just have to address that as the year unfolds and results will dictate that.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I can go ahead and tell you, we're not going to give guidance into 23. I think, yes, we've tried to give some color as to what we expect in the first quarter and the operating margin within which we intend to operate.
Allison Dukes: In terms of the variable set mix, I think it's, it's actually probably accurate where it is. And I don't necessarily see it evolving to be terribly more variable over time. So, I think one things we focus on quite a bit is driving scale over that fixed expense cost is actually where we deliver that operating margin growth. And in terms of where we could be, look 450 basis points of improvement one year was pretty extraordinary. I don't expect to replicate that year, after year after year. We had work to do to get it back and to the range where we are. The strategic review that we have been in it's not easy, but looking at those opportunities that gave us, we gave us the chance to look at a lot of good opportunities that made sense for us. In terms of where could you be, could you beat mid 40s overtimes? That's a longer term comment. I couldn't tell you by when or how. And certainly we need some very supportive market dynamics behind that as well. So I'll never say never. But I can tell you, it certainly won't be in 2022, probably not in 2023 because we really are focused on investing in the business. And getting to a margin of that level in the next couple of years would require us to do things as I think Marty noted a few times that just really aren't tenable because it would not position us well in terms of investments that we need to build the platform for the future. And so, I think in the short term, the low 40s is a really good operating range for us to be in.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just was curious, Allison, thanks for all that color on the expenses and whatnot, but if we think about the 2022 is not really off just to a great start here in the equity markets. So if we think about where we stand here year-to-date, do you have any sense about what kind of impact that could have on net revenue yield? And how -- what kind of position are you in to maintain the operating margin level, even if we see adverse equity market conditions? Thanks.
Brennan Hawken: Yes, now that the progress on the profitability has been in really, really great. So agree on that. Then shifting gears a bit to the follow up, there's the $200 million buyback you announced for the first quarter. But as you flagged there was $100 million insurance settlement. So when we, if we're thinking about calibrating to the run rate, if we, if we shift to your comments around the payout, it would suggest that the 1Q probably has a little bit of excess from that insurance recovery. And so backing that out is probably the right way to think about, it seems like the right way to think about a run rate. Is that fair? And is that the potential for more insurance recoveries behind this one? Or is that this 100 million, probably the end that we should expect? Thanks.
Brennan Hawken: No, I just meant in the $200 million balance, there was clearly some extra capital that you now received. Did that support the 200 million pace [ph] in the first quarter. That's all I meant by that not the payout ratio.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, absolutely. I mean, as we said before, if you take a macro picture, the opportunity in China for asset managers is phenomenal. It's in, you pick your estimate out there, but there's various assessments of if you’d look at the next three to five years, 50% of the organic growth in inflows could be coming from China. So being very, very strong in China is an enormous opportunity. And it's very scalable. And so we continue to anticipate continued strength of the business, and we think we're, it's a very, very strong position that we have there. And like just big enough that strength is really follow.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, let me make a couple of comments. And I was going to chime in too. So right now, if you look at our assets under management it’s now 96% of our assets under management, or ESG, that's up this quarter, almost $45 million, and where they're going there, it was converted 69 funds of $45 billion to Article eight, in the fourth quarter. And let's stay on Europe for a second. ESG is as fundamental to any money managers success there. And whether it's retail or institutional, you really have to have ESG integration at a minimum, that's really our effort with Article eight, and you're going to continue to see that. So it's not just a business opportunity, its business imperative. In the U.K., and I'm going to comment right now, and it's lingering through the rest of the world. Our commitment is to have ESG integration across all of our investment teams. Right now we are 75%. So we've made very good progress. And, again, from my perspective, you're going to be out, three years out, you're really not going to probably be talking about ESG as sort of a separate category. The integration piece at least, seeing the ability could be in the light, but it's just a reality of money management right now.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, a couple of comments and Allison will chime in also. So look the year-over-year organic growth it was 32%. I mean, it's quite phenomenal. And if you look back, we've really maintained that over the last three years. And it's just say it's decades later, overnight success. So a number of things have come together. And we anticipate strong growth in the next year, two years, recognizing every market will have its volatile moments. What we are seeing last year is a very, very strong launches at the beginning of your new product. And as you're talking about some of the more recent ones. We are starting to see greater flows into existing products too. So there'll be I think that would be a sign of a market developing where you get ongoing flows into existing products as opposed to sort of a constant launch, but it'll be both as we look forward. So we're anticipating continued strong growth in China, both at a retail level and institutional level as we look forward.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. And hope you are doing too, and hope you had a good New Year. So just on the -- we continue to be in dialogue with our joint venture partner to increase our stake over 50%. So a positive conversation, we've not accomplished that. That said, I'll come back to the most important element is that which differentiates us even though we have 49% of the ownership, we have management control. And we have had since the beginning, and that is really what has allowed us to be so effective and successful in China. So that's the main point to look at. But we do feel in time that we will be able to end up a majority stake in our joint venture. It is not impeding progress at all. Secondly, with regards to digital platforms, they continue to be really very, very important part of the market dynamic there. And the number really hasn't changed. It's still about 50%. But again, it's a very strong part of the future success that we'll see in China.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I'll make a couple of points. Just the -- we're still in the process of onboarding various institutions and I don't want to get too specific but it is now being on board in the United States and it will probably take you into the second quarter of this year before we would get to a level where we feel that it's sufficiently boarded at the various places that you would hope it would be. But again it's an area of great opportunity for us. And the recessions been very, very strong. It's just literally, the, the due diligence process of working through those types of things.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, and I do just want to reiterate that, it's really important for us to continue to invest in the business. And we're going to continue to do with along the way that we've been have you continue to look at areas of opportunity and look at our expense base, can we reallocate and invest, and it's going to be in those areas of clients demand where there's growth, that's going to continue to be ETFs factors, private markets, etcetera, and also the investment of technology that we need to do. So it's, it's a really, really competitive marketplace. And one of the things that's really important is, as we drive results for shareholders, we're also investing in the business for shareholders and for clients. And that's really what was reflected in the results that we had this year. And, again we're going to very much stay focused on that path as we go forward.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, look, it's a great question. And that doesn't go beyond this either. And I think what's really important is get the result that you're talking about share price. From our perspective, you really have to deliver results for clients, and you have to do it a very thoughtful and meaningful way and ensuring that we're hitting with all the constituents need. And I think again, you just look at where the business has evolved, we think we've evolved it very strongly to meet those needs. And it's been reflected in the operating results. And so our perspective is continue to be very focused on that, and also not just clients, but with shareholders in mind. And in time, this share price should reflect that. Just today, as we talked about looking to buy back our stock, we think it's a very, very attractive for all the reasons that you've laid out.
Marty Flanagan: No, it does not. And as I said, it's a very strong relationship, obviously, to board members on our board, they own 60% of the company. They've been very helpful and supporting our alternative business, they'll continue to do that. We couldn't be more aligned, and it's a very strong relationship.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, and Bill I think you're asking a question was connected to some of the other questions that were asked. You're trying to do many things here, right? You're trying to invest for the future and be competitive to drive results for clients and ultimately, shareholders. And we think we've done that, right. If you look at the business today, look at where it was five years ago, is a very attractive business invested in China, ETFs, private markets, etcetera. That just was not where Invesco was five years ago, 10 years ago. And at the same time, we talked about the margin expansion year-over-year. With that expansion, we've also been able to invest in the business to improve our competitive positioning. So you're really trying to do any number of things all at once, and we're showing that we can do that.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, you're going to get tired with the answer cause it could be the same one. But look, we look at business very strategically. And we look at where client demand is coming from, and can we meet our client’s needs, and we're always going to look internally first, to develop what we can. And when we come up short there, that's when we'll start to look to the market. And it has to be a capability that there is client demand for it. It's, additive to our capability sets. And it's something that we think also can fit very nicely within the business from a cultural point of view. So, again, our first focus is internally, but we will continue to pay attention to the market when it makes sense.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Marty, Allison, hope you're both doing well. And congrats on the 7% organic growth this past year.
Craig Siegenthaler: So I'm sorry about this. But I have another one on China. And I just wanted update on your effort to increase your equity stake in the joint venture, because I don't think you've done that yet. But you're, you're working on that. And then also you previously disclosed as the percentage of flows that come from digital platforms, like and financial, I think it was trending around 50%, before 4Q. So I don't know if you have an update on that number either.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just for my follow up on the private REIT business, you have the U.S. business and then you have the global distribution partnership with UBS. It looked like the U.S. vehicle only raised about 16 million through month end November. And I don't have the December number yet but I was wondering if you could update us on the progress of those two products and any kind of flow or AUM detail.
