Loren M. Starr: So the buyback really did reflect the front-end load of the value of the transaction, even though the money is spread over a couple of quarters. That is what the $350 million represented, Ken. And again, in terms of our interest in buyback, as we have in the past, we will be opportunistic and certainly be looking at a relative valuation and impacts on our stock due to market dislocations and other things. So again, we have a strong interest in being able to return our capital to shareholders, both through dividends and buybacks in 2014.
Loren M. Starr: Ken, the only thing I would say is that we've been extremely successful, and we will continue to be working on continuing to grow other parts of the business in the U.K. So the diversification will happen largely through the success of our other teams. And we've had great success in the corporate bond area, in the global equity area. And obviously, the new GTR product, Global Total Return, has been off to a very strong start. So I think you'll see diversification created that way primarily.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I guess, one thing: I mean, performance fees in aggregate have always been a small part of our overall revenues, so that's kind of one point. And we like it that way. We like the predictability. So we haven't been sort of driving to increase performance fees overall as a function of our overall revenues. In some cases, they're sort of part of -- parcel with the product, and they're expected by clients. And in which case, we'll certainly have them. So in the past, going way back, I mean, we had quite a bit coming from some of our quant capabilities. And again, some of our quant capabilities have done extremely well. But some of the new accounts that we have with institutions have been not performance fee based but more straight management fee based, which, again, I think it's probably more predictable and provides greater valuation credit to us [indiscernible]. Looking forward, I would say that we would expect to continue to see performance fees. Even in the first quarter guidance, I feel the 5% to 10% is probably the right level. For us, there is still some opportunity to see performance fees that could show up through real estate. And then over the longer term, we think the private equity fund V, fund IV, they're doing very well, those funds. They are above their high watermarks. And again, none of this is realized. None of it is stuff that we can be booking. But ultimately, it could be substantial in terms of performance fees, if and when they get into the point where we could recognize that from an accounting perspective. So I do think performance fees will continue to play a part in our revenue stream. It's really just the U.K. element is going to be more muted than you've seen in the past.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I would answer just, in fact, right, yes, we do believe that the net revenue yield excluding performance fees, and I'll just make that point, will improve year-over-year because of the dynamics that Marty just talked about. The performance fee is a bit of a variable that could keep it more flattish depending on kind of how performance fees show up in the year.
Loren M. Starr: So again, I think it is apples-to-apples, the $4.8 billion is consistent with the $1.5 billion that we talked about. It obviously has been sort of a -- there's been volatility in because of some institutional accounts who have decided to sort of terminate, and then those can be a little chunky. So it's hard to sort of read into it. And I'd say, generally, most of the movement has been around the institutional side. The retail side has been a much more sort of slow kind of -- and even less material impact on the overall number, so -- which I think is encouraging. Because the vast majority of the assets are retail based. So it has been sort of a general improving trend month-to-month, I would say, but I don't want to read any -- too much into that because, again, we all understand that this is something that's going to go through a couple of more events ultimately to really realize how much impact this is going to have. So we're very focused on it. We're not complacent on the topic. And again, we're focused on doing what's right for the clients and making sure that -- we have Mark Barnett in front of all the clients that need to see him and get comfortable with him. I'm not going to comment on January trends because we don't want to be out in advance of anything that our own U.K. team is doing. But I'd say, the bigger events generally will be at the time of actual -- Mr. Woodford's departure, right? And that would be the date that we think most of the noise and activity would happen. So that's the date I would look to as opposed to something else.
Loren M. Starr: Bill, so I would say, again, the discussion on the incremental margins has a lot to do with what sort of market we're in. And I think again, so we will provide sort of a similar perspective, I don't think it's changed. Which is when the markets are generally moving up strongly, we can see the incremental margins be at the higher end of the range of somewhere between 50 to 65. And we certainly -- we think 65 is achievable, maybe even higher in the strong equity market. In flat markets, which is what we normally plan for and hopefully we'll be surprised with better market, it is more on the lower end of that scale. So you're into the 55 to 60s range. So depending on what's your view in the market, you can select what sort of incremental margin would probably occur.
Loren M. Starr: I would also just mention, I mean, maybe the areas where we've seen less scale, I mean, there's definitely been a benefit just generally in terms of the flow activity. So all our regions are improving in terms of profitability. There isn't a particular area that I would say is a real problem or there's something going wrong someplace. So we're seeing really good traction just in terms of bring the flows in, and the top line is making it happen.
Loren M. Starr: I mean, I think, we -- I mean, given the guidance, I think -- and obviously, we get a sense of confidence. We wouldn't provide it. It is something where we don't manage to a comp ratio. Looking at compensation to revenues, we -- again, we provide a lot of detail on how we think about compensation should work in some compensation. But ultimately, we do feel that this is a sustainable good level with the variations around payroll taxes and then the obvious decline coming in for the second quarter as payroll taxes roll off.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, I think that's a good starting point to think about what to expect going forward. However, honestly, we're not driven formulaically in our thinking on buybacks, and we will have some variation quarter-to-quarter. We have said, and this will still be the case, where we do have some of the equity grants to get issued is on a deferred basis to employees in the first quarter. And certainly, we would do our very best to try to mitigate any dilutive impact by, certainly, focusing on buyback as a strategy.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. Brennan, I think there's probably a little bit of a lag in terms of how people respond. And so again, generally, we are still seeing strong interest in equities in January. So again, how long that persists is a good question. And I think we're seeing sort of a consistency in IBRA. The sort of flip side to that where that's been more on an outflow perspective. So I don't think we're seeing any change in behavior in January per se, at least in the flow data. But again, that's something where, within a week, you could begin to see something shift perhaps. So it's just a month, so it’s hard to really say where it's going. I would just mention, it's probably worth just having this point out that in the month of January, we have more flows in the month of January, long-term flows than we saw all last quarter. So it's been relatively a good month for us.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, I think it was rather exceptional in terms of what we did this fourth quarter. And so normally, they get spread out. And -- but I think just the sheer number was also somewhat extraordinary. So in terms of the G&A impact, we sort of guided, I think, to a number that should be a little bit lower than sort of backing out the extraordinary amount in the fourth quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Right. So Eric, I would say, I think you've answered your own question in a sense. If you add back the $4.8 billion associated with the impact on equity income, that would give you a different result, one that would be more in line with what we're talking about.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I think there are some other products that are picking up the slack. The global equity product in the U.K. has been -- really seen a lot of this [ph]. So I would say equity income to sales, it has certainly declined somewhat on equity income but it's not been as big an impact as the redemption, obviously, that we were talking about.
Loren M. Starr: Absolutely, exactly. We've seen bank loans. We've seen real estate and equities as well. So all those 3 are probably represent 90% of what we're seeing there.
Loren M. Starr: I think that's public information. So it is essentially a -- there's a reduction of the management fee of 5 basis points. And going forward, there'll be no performance fees other than in Q1 where there's a reduction of about, I think, GBP 7.4 million off of what otherwise would have been paid. So that's the, I think, the bottom line on changes there.
Loren M. Starr: I think the other thing I would just say is -- and part of it is our focus on ETFs had been in the smart beta and specific access and some of the interest on these ETFs and some of -- outside of the U.S. have been more focused on traditional cap-weighted product. And so we didn't really have a product that maybe was understood or accepted. I'd say that is shifting rapidly and that we're seeing more and more interest in understanding some of the smart beta products. And so again, I think in terms of the demand in the market, it is opening up to us. But we were sort of a little bit early, I would say, when we first entered. So it was not a product that was in demand or understood.
Loren M. Starr: Patrick, I'd say, those discussions have been around for a long time and probably will continue in the future. We've been fortunate in terms of our business having really high quality product with super performance. And that relative to others is a very nice moat that prevents too much of that kind of conversation pushing through. I don't want to say it doesn't happen because it does. But we feel that, that is still very much in place. And so I don't think anything's really changed overall in terms of that dialogue. They always are aggressive, and I don't think that's going to stop.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I don't think it has. And again, we have certainly delivered a track record in the past of having excellent value for clients for the fees that we've charged. As long as we can continue to do that, I think we're going to be largely safe from [indiscernible] erosion.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. Ken, good question. I think the reality is we'll take good money managers all day long. And Mark has been a part of that team for a long time. It's the depth of the team that is there. We couldn't be this successful without that real depth. And I think that often, it is something that gets overlooked throughout, not just our organizations, but a number of organizations. And you have to have a portfolio manager pulling the trigger, and that's what we do and a very talented one, supported by a very strong team. And we think that is the right way to do it.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let me kick off. So we're very early days. If you remember, the U.K. fund got launched in September of last year. And the, just want to call it, the pace is not too different generally than the United States. It's usually served 3 years -- you have to have good track record for 3 years and keep going. That said, the reputation of the team is strongly in place. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we've seen $250 million already head towards that team. So we look at that as a very, very good development out of the box. We have, as I said, just -- and that's one of the efforts in the fourth quarter. The capabilities now in the C Cap product, it is now in the United States. And it's hard to introduce in the retail markets in Asia, just because of regulation around derivatives. But it is a global effort, and we think it's a real strong complement to the risk parity capability that we have. And we think it's going to be a very strong capability for the firm in total.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So obviously, Edinburgh Investment Trust is a very high profile investment trust in the U.K. It's probably just under USD 2 billion. A very seasoned, experienced board. And so we look at that as quite a very public endorsement of Invesco Perpetual, Mark and -- I mean, and Mark Barnett and the team. And so we look at this as very positive. Others institutions, as you know, they're confidential. They're -- they don't want to be talked about publicly. And so again, I think looking at that as a strong supporter of Mark and the team, I think, is a very good way to look at this.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So I think I'll step up one level and then come back down to it. It was maybe 3 years ago, we started to talk about we need some better jobs across EMEA and the efforts there. And you're now seeing very strong organic growth on the continent and, as I said, about 15% organic growth last year. We look for that type of growth to continue, and it's a reflection of not just, want to call it, the infrastructure work that we did, but really, if you look at the breadth of the capabilities on the C Cap product and its performance, it is really, really strong. And as Loren has pointed out, it is in broad -- bonds, European equities, global equities, the addition of GTR in it. So it is a very, very strong lineup, and we thought we are punching under our weight on the continent and we're starting to make some real improvement. So we look at it as a very, very strong dynamic for us. And also as Loren said specifically in the U.K., if you look at the depth of the team, the quality of the team and the performance across the global equity team, the European equity team, in addition to the bond team which has just been strong, it's broad, it's deep. And so that's also where we see money moving. So I think we're positioned quite well.
Martin L. Flanagan: So I'd probably broaden it. And I think if you look at what our pension plans, what would you expect them to do, it was rally of equities. And those that participated, if they close those gaps, you could really see more movement into asset allocation. And in fact, one of the things we're seeing, continued interest and things like give breadth in the institutional channel and on volume set, as we saw in retail. But that makes a lot of sense. The effort in fixed income around multi-credit is a core skill that we have in credit. And that capability, be it in the markets, along with things like bank loans, are traditional strength in real estate. So we think we positioned ourselves very well for what could be happening in the institutional market.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So it's a good question. It sort of pairs very well with Loren's commentary and sort of what you see. So where we see the world will be, alternatives will continue. We think we're stronger and we'll continue to be. The efforts on fixed income, in particular on multi-credit, I think, in addition to bank loans and the like, is going to continue to be an opportunity for us. But again, I think you also have to go back to what have we done over the years and whether it be getting into the ETF business, moving into risk parity-type capabilities. The effort right now is around liquid alternatives, we think the depth and breadth of our -- we thought it very important to be holistic in getting a full range out there right now because the take-up time that we all know. So we think we're positioned very well in asset allocation, liquid alternatives. The Continental Europe in particular, I think is going to continue to be an opportunity for us. Our position in Mainland China, quite frankly, is ever-growing and will be something that will -- and to say nothing of the ETF business. Our market share was about 4% last year; as a percentage of gross sales, it was 7%. So we're growing the ETF business. We see that as a margin enhancer also. And we're continuing to get further strength in the U.S. retail business. So I do look at it as early days. And as Michael was mentioning earlier, if you look at our capabilities, it matches up very well where the institutional market could be going. So again, I think a lot of the things to pay attention to is we can't predict markets. But at one level, it really doesn't matter to us because we think we have the capabilities to participate. So I would look in the next 3 years as -- that we're positioned very, very well for where we think clients could be going.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So you are on the topic. And I think, again, what I'd point to is just -- and we've talked about it. And here's an example of it right now. So we are taking the -- to the degree that we can take our investment capability to take them around the world more concurrently, that's going to make quite a difference. And I think you can just see from what we're talking about this quarter that is a real effort in that way. And we think by organic growth, with the quality of the teams, the long-term performance of the teams, that's where we see the real opportunity for us. And yes, we agree with your observation.
Martin L. Flanagan: So we always do that. And I -- if you add up the number of things we've rationalized over the years, it's quite stunning, honestly. But we'll continue to do it. There's probably less rationalization, but we're always paying attention to that. And same thing, we deploy resources whether it be seed capital or talent to those things that we think have the highest probability of success, and that's what we think we're doing right now.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a good question actually. And so let me provide the perspectives. So if you go back with the talk -- a good inflection point was the Morgan Stanley and Van Kampen transaction, and we thought we just -- we weren't anywhere in the U.S. retail business at that time and we laid out our perspective of where we're going. I'd still say, in the U.S. retail business, it's going very, very well. But I'd say, we're fourth inning. Where if you want to use the headlines of where we're recognized by, as a brand, it's -- we're now ninth, tenth in the U.S. retail channel. We -- you couldn't even -- we did the first survey, they couldn't find our name. So it's -- that's a tremendous change in a short period of time. We still think we've got to move up a handful of notches, and that will make a big, big difference. EMEA actually, or Continental Europe in particular, it is somewhat of a replay. We are in the first inning of where we think we can go. Now the last couple of years, when we started to highlight this as an area where we're spending time and money, we have a lot of plumbing-type work to do. And the outsourcing and TA and things that you might think are sort of maybe not interesting. Well, the fundamental fact, if you don't have strong operating infrastructure, it gets in the way of success. And so a lot of the plumbing is now in place. There's a lot of rework on the product range. And again, I mentioned a few minutes ago, it's broad. It's deep. It's strongly performing. But we're still very early on penetration of -- with principal distributors on the comp. Now there's areas of real strength. In Italy, we're really, really, really strong. Germany, we should just be dramatically stronger than what we are. We've vetted Germany for decades. And so -- and also Switzerland, again, we're very much undershooting our weight. So we look at the continent as a real opportunity for us. And so the analogy's probably a very good one that you pulled out.
Martin L. Flanagan: I don't think so, no. And again, it's -- everybody has terms of employment, in the U.K. in particular, and it has the traditional, what would you say, things that are in place generally. So -- and again, it is a free world. So we're very happy to be successful going forward with the depth and breadth of the team that we have. So we think we're very well placed.
Martin L. Flanagan: Good question. I mean, here's the reality: The reality is, and I said this previously, there's 2 types of outcomes, right, that you've seen traditionally when there's change. It's sort of unplanned, unpleasant departures, and that usually -- no one does well. The clients don't do the well, the organizations don't do well and, hopefully, the individuals don't either. This, we think, is very, very different. It has been a plan that's been in place for a very long period of time. We are executing that plan over what is many, many months. And what is happening is what we would hope happen, and that you are seeing -- Neil had a great 25-year track record but also overshadowed the depth and breadth of the team. And I understand that from growing up -- working for Sir John Templeton. They are big trees. And the truth is there's a lot of talent underneath there, and that's what's happening. And the point of having a long transition is to have the marketplace fully recognize the depth and breadth of the talent. And Mark and the team are being very -- recognized very, very nicely for well-deserved recognition in their depth and history. So the reality is we don't know, right? And I think importantly, we're doing all the right things to do good things for our clients. And if you do that, you get better outcomes than you might have otherwise. So again, we wish we could be specific. The truth is we just don't know.
Martin L. Flanagan: Good question. So we -- as I said, we went from -- you couldn't find us on the list, moving to 10 and sort of 9, sort of right on the cusp. It doesn't look -- we're going to stay on the path we're on, right? It is really driven by investment reputation and client engagement and we're doing all those types of things. And again, from my prior experience, it just takes longer than you would think, reality would suggest. And what I do know is if you go to the leadership of the distribution partners, we're very, very strongly placed and recognized as a very, very important partner because of what we're doing for their clients. Yes, it's harder when you get to tens of thousands of FAs throughout the country, and that's what takes it longer. So it's really just going to -- more of the same, keep working, keep doing a good job, keep generating good performance, keep generating -- taking care of clients and the range of product. And we'll push it up a few more notches. So -- but it should not be -- we're going to stay on the track that we're on spending-wise.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me -- we are extraordinarily encouraged with the results in EMEA. We're extraordinarily encouraged by the results x U.K. equity income. We would think that a 10% redemption is not that extraordinary considering the history and the reputation of Neil and that it was not anticipated in the market. So that's how I would characterize it.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's a very good question. I'd say, what are we seeing in all of us, right? So the declaration of great rotation really has not happened. There's been some movement to risk on assets. You would think over time if -- in a rising interest rate environment, it's really traditional fixed income that's going to be under the most pressure of that subsector. And what we ourselves compare -- retail investors, we saw much risk on appetite. And as we talked about earlier, there's a little bit from -- because we saw risk parity into equities in particular, we think that's frankly a good sign. Contrary to that, and again it's plan by plan sponsor, they are continuing to be in a risk-off mode. And so you could understand, if you have closed your underfunded gap why you would do that. To have an underfunded pension plan and to be in risk-off mode, I just don't understand, but that continues to be the case. So I would say institutionally, you're still seeing much more of a focus on low volatility, alternative-type capabilities, fixed income, multi-credit, those types of things. But again, there are many, many, many pension plans that are deeply underfunded, and not to be having equity exposure, quite frankly, is surprising to me. But that is what you're seeing.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So U.S. is a driver, no question about it. Canada has also been really quite strong. What also gets hidden, though, is that it's frankly hard to track. Institutions from around the world buy the U.S.-listed ETFs, right? So we have investors from, frankly, almost 150 countries in the ETF business in the U.S. listings. And so the non-U.S. is broader than you would expect. But let me be specific to your question. So a number of years ago, we started an effort on the continent. The continent has become a very complicated place, as they have to serve the ETF. The environment is changing very, very much. We still look at that as an opportunity, and it just needs to settle down from its evolution. And so we are looking that as -- we've not given up. We just, as we're talking earlier, you want to focus on places where you can make a difference. We thought it was too unsettled to try to drive that forward in that change, but we think that will be an opportunity for us also. Asia is an opportunity. But again, not to the same degree as Continental Europe. But again, the lion's share of the activity is the U.S., as far as what we see.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a very good question and sort of fundamental to our business. So when we bought it, what we thought, it was interesting and somewhat unique. It was -- that was focused on U.S. retail business. And we saw an evolution in the financial advisor channel more to comprehensive plans for their clients, whether it be a combination of sort of -- think of core equity products or balanced risk product at the core and people using things like ETFs around it. And that has proven to be true. So our strength is in the retail market and in the United States, and that is not traditionally where the ETF business has come from. And it is no question self-reinforcing our traditional retail business with the ETFs and mutual funds ETFs and, frankly, UITs. So the combination thereof is really, really strong for us. And it gets to the prior question you're talking about, when you leave the United States, quite frankly, it's not a retail market; it's much more an institutional market. And so where we went to Europe with the idea that it would also evolve as a retail market. We were, quite frankly, too early in that development.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me start with Bermuda. I think not. I mean, the regulators are interesting, where you might have thought after the crisis, at one level regulation is getting more local. But at another level, it is actually becoming more global at the same time, with the various risks oversight bodies working together. So it is a global topic. But what I would say, just with the first report that came out, I would say -- let me say it this way: The fundamental facts are very different than what the report might have talked about. And I think what you're going to see is the industry do a very, very good job of communicating in a very just clear way with the oversight regulators of what this business is and what it isn't and pointing out that it's not a big risk to the world. That said, we would also say as an industry, where there are areas where we can improve, we're going to improve. And we want to be constructive. And -- but again, I think it's going to be a long conversation, and I think the industry facts are very, very strong.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let's see, I'll approach it 2 different ways. As we talked a handful of years ago, when we introduced this, we were very clear, we thought, one, there'd be rally in the equity markets on risk-on, we thought there'd be movement towards equity products, and we saw that and we saw it very much on our complex, as I talked about earlier. So not surprising. We also think, though, January -- just reminding people, there is volatility in the market. And that we look at asset allocation products, in particular low volatility-type products also just that broad range of asset allocation capabilities, it's here to stay and it will more and more be part of retail investors, one of their core holdings going forward. And again, that's back to why we were so focused on making sure that we had our -- start the clock ticking on the track records for the full range of capabilities. So again, I don't think we should extrapolate a quarter into -- or probably January into long-term trends. I personally think asset allocation is here to stay.
Martin L. Flanagan: No, we've not had that concern. But what I will say, just very explicitly, the team knows that it's clients first and ensuring that they stay dedicated to investment process. And if they ever feel that there's not enough inventory, they just put their hands up, and we'll stop. But that's not been the point of view as yet.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So again, we're utilizing our existing resources, right, so as long as stocking -- that said, there's been over the past -- last couple of years or last year, in particular the new products, lots of effort on training not just internally but also into the retail channel. Probably a governor on absolute growth in alternatives will be really the educational process in the retail channel. So again, I look at this as growing over time, tremendous straight up, which is frankly a very good thing. Sorry, I just forgot the rest of your question. Oh yes, so where is it coming from? So we think very much that what you've seen happen with the asset allocation, some of the things that have been more short-term fixed income capabilities that people have in their portfolio has gone into alternatives. It's also come out of some of the more well, frankly, everywhere. Some of the core fixed income has moved into it because of several low volatility capability. And I think how many firms are positioning to the client is -- think of it as an anchor in your portfolio, and that's probably the predominant way that we're seeing it positioned. And so whatever people thought their anchors were before are being some of the sources for this.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So again, the nontransparent ETFs, I mean, it's been a conversation along for a while. There seems to be more developments there with New York Stock Exchange also joining the fray. And again, I think the developments may happen. I'd go back to a couple of things. We were early on in launching an active equity ETF, I'm losing track of the years now, but it might be 4 or 5 years ago, and there's -- the level of assets is very low in it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Still the same. So it may evolve over time. And with a nontransparent thing, there could be another development. The way that I look at is that we don't have -- there's a place for ETF, there's a place for open-ended mutual funds. And for the vast majority of the active managers, the open-end mutual fund is a very good way to do it. And again, I understand the nontransparent would have -- replicate some of that. But again, that's not why a lot of people buy the ETFs. And I think that's really the core point for my perspective. Now you could see active ETFs evolving more on the fixed income market, that makes more sense to me. But again, I don't view it as the holy grail that some might be thinking right now. And if it evolves to be important, we'll be there. And as regard to money fund reform, I think we're all just sitting tight right now and we suspect an outcome that will be very manageable for the industry. Again, on behalf of Loren and myself, thank you very, very much for your time, and your questions are very valuable to us. And we will talk to you next quarter. Take care.
