Allison Dukes: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. As a reminder, this conference call and the related presentation may include forward-looking statements which reflects management's expectation about future events and overall operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements are made as of today and are not guaranteed. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. For discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see the risks described in our most recent form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. Invesco makes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures may be found at the end of our earnings presentation.
Allison Dukes: I would just add. I think you could sum that up with just -- we seek to improve and increase our strategic optionality. We want to have the ability to continue to invest in the business, we want ample cash resources for any downturn, or any sort of market volatility that could lie ahead. We want to be in position to continue to pay down our debt and we have a $600 million note that comes due next year. We do have the remaining MLP liability, which I noted has been lowered to $254 million, which is very good news. Nonetheless, that is the cash obligation in the fourth quarter and we have ample cash resources to handle that. So really, as we think about the balance sheet -- and you've seen the progress we've made over the last 18 months or so -- we really are trying to put our balance sheet in a very strong position. So we have the strategic optionality. That will include returning capital to shareholders, but we want to be in a position to really balance our priorities, which does include improving the balance sheet, investing in the business, maintaining strategic optionality and returning capital to shareholders.
Allison Dukes: Hard to say how many. I do think just the single first hike will certainly be helpful to starting to reduce those money market fee waivers. It will certainly help on the institutional client side for sure. It does depend on a lot of supply demand dynamics, which will just impact the overall availability of the securities to purchase. So, the change in said [ph] funds will be helpful. It won't be the only factor that will determine how quickly it goes away and just an increase in short term rates overall will help on the retail side as well.
Allison Dukes: Probably not an unreasonable expectation. It's just how quickly when we get there, can we can we unwind it.
Allison Dukes: I don't know that I have a whole lot to add to that. I think the online distribution channels have really overtaken the banking distribution channels in terms of market share overall in China and just given the time we've had there and the strength in the tenure, we've got very strong relationships, not just across those traditional banking distribution channels, which continue to be very good. But also and that's emerging online trend and also very strong institutional relationships there, which are going to continue to be important drivers of long term growth in China.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I wouldn't say there was an investment gap and the nature of just performance fees and how they are structured into various contracts just remains. It's very bespoke and it can be somewhat chunky and difficult to predict. There wasn't an investment gap, but as we do look at just the vintages of what has performance fees in it, that would be eligible there. It is not the typical year-end spike of what we would typically see. So no performance misses, just the way these vintages are kind of cycling through in what we see in the fourth quarter of this year. We continue to have about $58 billion of AUM overall that is performance fee-eligible. We just don't have strike dates, if you will, of 1231 [ph] or at least at the end of this year that would incur or recognize performance fees in the fourth quarter. So, our expectation is that fees in this quarter will be consistent with the experience we've had in the first three quarters of this year rather than a spike at year-end. And you shouldn't read anything into that in terms of what that means for 2022 or beyond. It's just simply a function of timing with the vintages this year [ph].
Allison Dukes: The only thing I might add, if I look back over the last five quarters, this was our second highest quarter for flows in China. And I think the volatility, no, we didn't necessarily see it trend down inside of the quarter. And in some of that volatility, you started to just hear -- I'll call it softening and sentiment really in the second quarter and you see that more in the second quarter flow results. If I look at the flows into the joint venture, in particular, it's about $7 billion, which of that product launches drove a couple billion dollars. The remainder was really through existing products, particularly fixed income. There was a lot of strength in our fixed income capability. That's different than what we saw in the first quarter where it was new product launches that drove the majority of the flows. And this quarter, it was really from our existing products. And I think that not only speaks to just the strength and the sustainability in the market, but also the breadth of the capabilities in our platform that we're able to continue to gather assets without large new product launches, just given the breadth of capabilities we offer.
Allison Dukes: Why don't I start with GTR and I'll let Marty chime in. So, in terms of where GTR is today, at the end of September 30, it was down to $8.3 billion. That was down from its peak of $30 billion. The outflows in the quarter were $1.7 billion. Now, that $8.3 billion is not entirely in the UK, but it is largely in the UK. In fact, what is reflected in the UK is about $6 billion. So, we are down to a point of at least diminishing headwinds. We do have an expectation that it will continue to decline, so I don't think we have seen a bottom there. We do expect it will continue to decline. But the headwinds are diminishing. And I think you see that just in terms of the improved outflows for the UK this quarter with $1.8 billion in outflows, which is an improvement from $3.2 billion in the second quarter. So, despite some of those outflows, we do see retail overall improving and we see good demand for active European equities and really improving redemption rates for our UK equities. So there are, I will call it 'right spots' [ph] and 'green shoots' [ph] as we continue to work through these GTR headwinds.
Allison Dukes: The only change if we were to do that would be an accounting change in terms of how we recognize the joint venture on the P&L. It wouldn't change anything day-to-day in how we operate it or the success of the venture.
Allison Dukes: On your sustainability question, our flows and the ESG capabilities in the third quarter was a little bit talked about $300 million positive inflows in the quarter. We continue to have about $51.5 billion of AUM that we would consider to be ESG, funds and mandates, and that really spans across 160 ESG funds and mandates in a variety of asset classes. Importantly, we remain the second largest ESG ETF player in the world. Flows were a little bit softer in the third quarter relative to what we've seen in the first half of the year. Nothing to point to one way or the other there, but our expectation is to continue to see demand for those capabilities.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I would say a couple of things. One, in terms of outlook for net revenue yield, just how we think about the fee rates from here, the biggest driver is always going to be the mix of flows that we see. That's going to have a huge impact and as we continue to seek client demand for all of our capabilities, but certainly increasing demand for our passive capabilities, you see that downward pressure. At the same time, you can market impact and work in either direction and it doesn't work consistently across those different asset classes and capabilities. And so, it's inherently difficult to predict for that reason. In terms of though, just bigger picture, how do we think about it, I do think we'll continue to see some modest downward pressure on it just as we continue to grow our passive capabilities and we see demand for those capabilities. Hopefully, it was also helpful to kind of understand the impact that the QQQ has on that. And so while it puts downward pressure on that revenue yield, it creates a tremendous benefit for us through the marketing, support budget it provides us. And I think, really, most importantly, we are able to generate that positive operating leverage and really improve margins against us. So, where do I think it goes from here? I'd say a couple of things. One, as we come towards the end of this expense management effort that we put in place last year and we expect to complete that next year, I don't think we have to continue to do things like that in order to sustain these strong operating margins. We've got an expense base that's over $3 billion. That's a significant budget to work with. And so, how we think about it is really how do we deploy that expense base? How do we continue to reallocate where we invest against our areas of highest demand and as we build out the breadth of capabilities, that scale and the volume of flows is what continues to generate really the positive operating leverage that we're looking for and gives us the opportunity to sustain these 40% plus operating margins even with some of that downward pressure in net revenue yield. And I appreciate you asking the question, because I think it's a really important point that we wanted to drive home and we wanted it to come through today because this didn't happen by accident. It really reflects a lot of deliberate work by the company over the last couple of years in an operating expense space that really gives us the leverage we need to continue to invest in the areas of growth that we see ahead.
Marty Flanagan: Thank you, Operator, appreciate it very much. And thanks everybody for joining us. And I'll make a few comments and turn over Allison so she can review the quarter in more depth and then we'll open up the Q&A as we always do. Hoping everybody's staying safe and healthy as we continue to return to normalcy and I know we're all looking for that pace to continue in the months ahead. We continue to have a high-level of engagement with our clients, which is even more important as we navigate the market uncertainty brought about by the end of economic and market upside surprises we experienced from the depth of COVID; helping our clients by providing insights and solutions, utilizing our broad range of capabilities. This approach has helped us deliver strong consistent growth over the past five quarters. And as you can see on Slide 3 if you're following along on the deck, net long term flows were $13.3 billion during the quarter. This represents over 4% annualized long term organic growth for the quarter. Growth was driven by continued strength in a number of our key capabilities, including ETFs, fixed income, China solutions, alternative global equities. Strategically, we continue to invest in areas where we see client demand we're at competitive strength. And since the third quarter of last year, we've generated $86 billion of long term inflows, an average quarterly organic growth rate of 6%, five consecutive quarters of strong growth, the direct result of the investments we've made over time to enhance and evolve our business to meet client needs. ETFs excluding the QQQs generated long term inflows of $3.7 billion in the quarter with strong market share gains in our EMEA ETF range. In private markets, we generated net long term inflows in our direct real estate business of $1.2 billion and robust bank loan product demand resulted in net long term inflows of $2 billion during the quarter. This included a launch of a new CLO. We generated net long term inflows of $11 billion with an active fixed income across the platform and within active global equities, the developing markets fund, a key capability that came over when we combined with Oppenheimer, continue to see net long term inflows of $700 million during the quarter. That said, we remain focused and continue to work on areas where there's opportunity for improvement. In addition, our solutions enabled institutional pipeline accounts for 38% of the pipeline at quarter end. Their quarter flows included net long term inflows of $6.8 billion from greater China. Our China business continues to be a source of strength and differentiation for Invesco. We continue to expect the Chinese investment management industry to be the fastest growing market in the world for the foreseeable future. We are an early entrant 20 years ago and we are benefiting from that commitment and investment and we expect to see continued growth in the years ahead. Before I turn the call over Allison who will provide more information on the China business and the results, I'd like to note that the growth we're experiencing is driving positive operating leverage, producing adjusted operating margin of 42% for the quarter. The strong cash flow being generated from our business improve our cash position and helping build a stronger balance sheet and improving our financial flexibility for the future. Invesco's depth and breadth of capabilities and competitive strengths position us well as we look forward. We continue to focus our efforts on delivering positive outcomes for our clients while driving future growth. And with that, let me turn it over to Allison.
Marty Flanagan: Thanks, Glenn. Let me make a couple comments and Allison can chime in, too. Look, we've had the conversation. The industry is increasingly competitive and reinvesting the business is a high priority for us. And as you say, whether it be product extensions, for us, to buy more in private markets continue to focus on that business and grow there. But the investments in technology digital, they're really endless. So again, there's just a lot of demand that we would have internally and we continue to make those investments to just increase our competitiveness and continue to evolve the business in-line with the client demands.
Marty Flanagan: I think that's right. I'd have to go back in the cobwebs and remember, but that sounds about you're in the right zone. And I'd come back to Allison's comment, though, too. It's going to depend on the competitive dynamics.
Marty Flanagan: I can assure you that we're not interested in being a seller. So, let's start there. But let me back up and put in context. As we look at our capital priorities outside, I spoke in a second ago about that, it's first reinvesting the business to sort of increase our competitive positioning. But then strategically, what we look at is, we look at where client demand is and if we can't fill the gap internally, we would look externally. So, it has to make strategic sense. It has to be complementary to our business. It can't be duplicate to our business. That never works. Clients don't like it, employees don't like it, and by the way, shareholders don't either. And I've come back to the point time and time again that you have to have the wherewithal to ensure you're protecting what you bought while creating a better organization. And also, very importantly, the cultural alignment matters a lot. If there's misalignment, then you're going to have a problem at some point. So, as we look at it right now, the priority is, again, continuing to build on what we have. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, it is our private markets business where we're spending no specific amount of time as we're seeing client demand in credit and particular, that's been an area in some extensions in our real estate area. So, not much different than we've talked about in the past.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I'll make a couple comments and then Alison will add. So, as you looked in the materials that Allison referred to, it's 6% retail, 40% institutional. The retail comes through the joint venture and it's very, very broad. Just the sheer size of the country, you end up with any number of distributors, yes, but there's the obvious banks and insurance company. But an area of real strength and growth is really that you have e-commerce distribution channels and there's many different avenues there beyond and financial where one of the firms has been quite successful. So, the concentration risk is not an issue for us and we just looked at the whole distribution landscape to continue to open and broaden. But again, it is a very competitive landscape. So don't misunderstand my comments.
Marty Flanagan: I'll make a couple of comments. So, if you rewind the tape to the beginning of the year, Q1, we thought was such an incredibly strong quarter that it couldn't be repeated and slowed Samba [ph] continue to be very, very strong. Just what we're seeing is there was just movement of investor behavior from really equity capabilities that were sort of growth-focused to value-focused and just continuing to work through the broad range of capability. So, it's hard to predict what's going to happen, but we're just not seeing that fall off to the degree that you would imagine in those very volatile periods as you saw if you went back to 2015 or something like that. What's really important is the market continues to evolve in a very positive way and the regulators have been very focused on providing a greater investment and retirement savings market and you're seeing that. So, I'm not going to say that we'll never peak in [ph] that redemption, but it's been very resilient through this year, even with the volatility that we've seen.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. I'll just add a couple of things. So, I think also important when you look at the period we've been through with UK equities in particular and underperformance and sort of sentiment was quite negative in the sector, too. The combination is not very positive for results. The short term performance has improved quite dramatically in the UK equities, which is important. The ETF flows are the other area where we're seeing demand and also the institutional business. As we look forward, as Allison said, we're having some good expectations of being back in flows in the UK here.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. You hit it right on the head. The fundamental difference that we've had as opposed to every other joint venture that we know of, there could be someone similar to us, I don't know who that is. But having a sort of management control has been the separating factor. I think most people use majority control the shorthand for management control, but we've had that. We continue to be in discussions with our joint venture partner. It's likely we'll end up with the majority, but it's not going to be a huge change in the ownership, but it's not going to get in the way at all of our development in China and the success that we've had. So, you really hit the point that is most relevant for our success there.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, you're right. It was a combination of five smaller acquisitions to create the platform. Last year was a year of pulling it together under the Intelliflo banner. The largest and most developed of is in Intelliflo in the UK, which still has a 40% market share. We continue to look at ways to not just advance the technology, but how can we advance flows in that market. We've not seen great success with that right now, but we're continuing to challenge that. Here in the United States, the same thing where we think the opportunity is serving the all-ready [ph] market. And again, we're now just frankly turning our attention to it after really the consolidation last year. If you just look at the way digital technologies are being used in a place like China, that's really what gave us the impetus to spend time and energy there. It is proven to be stunningly successful in China. There's different regulatory barriers here in the United States in structures and the like, but we still think there's an opportunity for success there. And we'll see in the quarters ahead if we're right.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, Bill, great question. It's where we see the immediate opportunity for us as with our direct real estate business. Earlier in the year, we actually entered into a partnership with UBS using real estate capability that's being distributed in Switzerland, Asia and EMEA. We now have an in-reach [ph] product here in the United States and we're just working with our distribution partners right now to get it on the platform. It's probably going through the end of the year to get to all the platforms that we're hopeful to get on. But we look at it as a huge opportunity, just because there are very, very few competitors there. And if you look at the success and pedigree of our real estate team, it's very, very strong. But it's traditionally been in the institutional market. It has not been in the real estate market and that's really [indiscernible] going as a combination of having an alternative capability, but also that the ability to distribute into the wealth management platforms and that's what we're looking forward to, hopefully taking advantage of.
Marty Flanagan: Well, it's hard to know. It all depends on where it could go. What we do have is we have a self-indexing capability ourselves. And I can tell you the experience we've had in building models. We use that in those model creations, so you can see that to continue to be an extension there. Also, with our institutional clients, again, we're using that self-indexing capability to build customized indexes for our institutional clients. So, we look at it as we're probably one of very few institutions that have that capability and we expect that we'd use it probably in partnership with a number of our clients and wealth management partners.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, if you just follow the flows, there continues to be demand, cap-weighted indexes and also in in smart beta. Our history really started in sort of the smart beta category and you're seeing just ever-increasing demand there. So, it's really the answer is both is what's happening in portfolios and you want to be relevant in those marketplaces. And our focus has been heads-down and continues to grow. Allison talked about the queues in particular, recognizing it's the limitation we have from a fee generation point of view, but it's been very, very important for building out our ETF platform and the reputation of the firm. So, again, we'll just continue to challenge our competitive positioning and determine which is the best way forward. But so far, I'd say our success has been quite good.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, why don't I start on what we're doing in Bitcoin and the like. So, we've entered into a partnership with Galaxy Digital. That's who we're going to work with to build out our whole suite of ETF capabilities, underlying blockchain technology, digital assets and crypto. Our focus is on a physically-backed current -- it's going to be some time, I think, before we get into the market, right? It's at the SEC right now and we've all known that they are still working through that as a topic. We've introduced two ETFs into the markets that sort of invest in companies that build off and play on the blockchain technology and the like. We did back away from doing [indiscernible] futures back product, because we think the best alternative going forward is really the physically back route.
Marty Flanagan: On behalf of Allison and myself, thank you very much for joining. I appreciate the questions and engagements and I look forward to talking with everybody next quarter.
