Marty Flanagan: Thank you, operator, and thanks everybody for joining us, and we look forward to the conversation. As we begin 2021, we remain cautiously optimistic with the vaccine rollout gaining attraction that we’re emerged from the global pandemic this year. I think this is only confirmed by the increase economic activity we are all seeing, that said, risks do remain. The good news is Invesco is off to a great start this year. And as you can see in the results that were reported this morning, and if you’re so inclined to follow along, I’m going to speak, speaking to the highlight slide, which is Slide 3. Our investment key capabilities and the tremendous focus on our clients’ continue to produce good momentum in our business. We have now achieved nine straight months of net long-term inflows. In the first quarter, net long-term inflows were $24.5 billion. This is a record level of inflows for the firm. This follows net long-term inflows of nearly $18 billion in the second half of last year. And this represents nearly a 9% annualized long-term organic growth rate led by net flows into ETFs continued strength in fixed income and net inflows into the balanced funds. And as you can see on Slide 3, the key areas that were highlighted in January, you have scale, investment readiness and competitive strength growth-to-growth in the quarter. These are areas where investment performances are strong or highly competitive. We’re well positioned for growth. Retail flows significantly improved in the quarter, and we’re $21.2 billion of a $24.5 billion of the net long-term flows or ETFs, excluding the QQQs, generated net long-term inflows of $16.8 billion. This is also a record for the firm, which contributed significantly to the $10 billion of net long-term inflows generated in the Americas. Invesco’s U.S.-ETFs, excluding the QQQs, captured 6.7% of the U.S. industry net ETF inflows. This is more than two times or 3% market share. Within private markets, we launched two-CLOs, which raised $800 million, and we remained focused on our alternative capabilities of space where we also see the benefits of our MassMutual. MassMutual is committed over $1 billion to various strategies, including providing a credit facility, which is one of our private market funds. We had net long-term inflows of $6.5 billion within active fixed income, and within active global equities, are nearly $50 billion developing markets fund is key capability wired in the Oppenheimer transaction, so $1.3 billion of inflows. That said there are still areas of improvements within active equities, where we continue to work and remained focused on those opportunities. Net long-term inflows into Asia-Pac were $16.7 billion in the first quarter; following $17 billion of net inflows in the second half of 2020. The China JV launched nine new funds with $6.2 billion of net long-term inflows. In addition, our solutions enabled institutional pipeline has grown meaningfully and accounts were over 60% of our pipeline at the end of the quarter. Allison will provide more information a few minutes on the flows, the pipeline, the results for the quarter. But I would note, we generated positive operating leverage producing an operating margin of 40.2% for the quarter. Strong cash flows have been generated from our operations, improved our cash position resulting in no draw down on our credit facility at quarter end. Our quarter growth would be experienced seasonally higher demand on our cash flow. The board also approved a 10% increase in a quarterly dividend to $0.17 per share. Given our historical investments in the business and our most recent efforts to better align our organization with our strategy, I’m confident we have the talent, capabilities, the resources and momentum to drive – to deliver for our clients and drive the future growth and success. And with that, I will turn it over to Allison to walk through the results in greater detail.
Marty Flanagan: Dan was it Asia? I’m sorry. Yes. Let me have a couple of comments now and Allison can speak to it also. So look, there’s this little question I think we’ve all talked about the strength of Asia, China in particular. China’s real, China’s real for us is very meaningful. You’ve seen the recent growth over the last couple of years. And I’d say the first quarter is really, really strong. There’s no question, but the reality, you’ve followed the market that had a pullback. You have to anticipate that’s kind of slowed down a little bit here. That said, it doesn’t – when you look at the full year, it’s going to continue to be an important contributor and we’re just looking for further growth in the years to come. So that’s our perspective at the moment.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. I wouldn’t call it any one specific thing in the institutional redemptions, but it’s similar to when money comes in, it just really is hard to predict quarter-to-quarter. So I wouldn’t point to an elevated level of redemptions going forward. Again, we’ll just continue to follow client’s desires on the timing of redeeming or giving us money.
Marty Flanagan: So I can hit some of the high levels and Allison can add to it. So, within China, it’s heavy equities. Allison called it balanced in particular that has been historical driver. Japan continued to be fixed income during the quarter. And – excuse me, the big flows were really coming from retail, although the Japan that was institutional.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So look let me to start by here. The relationship continues to be very, very strong. And yes, we continue to do more and more together, as I mentioned, just – particular around alternatives for us. There’s going to – obviously not just with equity, but also with the preferred. And I can’t speak for them, but what I can tell you is they’ve told us that they are very happy with the relationship. They’re very happy with the investment and we just anticipate that would continue.
Marty Flanagan: Ken, great question. If I knew the answer, I wouldn’t have the shot probably. But the reality is like everywhere. We’re very, very focused on it. And I’d say where the firm’s gotten to right now, even with the individual investors as you’re talking about the way that we have moved our businesses, quite frankly, focus on a lot of high net worth individuals within the wealth management channels and really supported by the solutions capability that we’ve developed over the last number of years. In fact, that’s where it started. And so if – tax managed was a focus before, sure they’re going to be continued to be a focus now. The good news is, things like municipal bonds are going to continue to be very, very important. We have very strong franchise there. But needless to say, people are going to want access to equity for growth and continue to see what we can work on. But I don’t have anything very specifically on that.
Marty Flanagan: Look I think it’s going to be – it’s a very important undertaking for us. And front and back investment – all of our investment platform on it is going to be very beneficial to the firm.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So let me make a couple of comments and Allison can talk to it. So right now, 75% of all our investment capabilities have ESG inclusion. Obviously our intent is to be 100%. Right now that’s up to 2023 our goal is to pull it in closer. If you look very specifically at ESG specific mandates, assets under management that’s about $40 billion. And so to be clear, that’s excluding, that’s not counting ESG inclusion. I mean, that’s really the way of the world. This is really dedicated ESG product offerings, where there has to be some ESG consideration within it. And the flows have been quite strong. It’s really some of the historical things that within our ETF lineup. That said, what we are seeing institutional clients in particular, working with our solutions group is really creating outcomes to meet their ESG goals. And we’re also leveraging indexing capabilities with a number of these institutions to meet their ESG goals. So it really no different to us, it is quite pervasive. I’d say that the strongest area right now is, UK, Europe, the U.S. is following and quite frankly, in Asia, it’s also very, very strong. So needless to say, if you don’t have the revolver – the capabilities to be on your front foot ESG you’re going to be at quite the disadvantage.
Marty Flanagan: The other area where the bulk of it is, it’s been direct real estate where you could imagine the work with clients and the other is really through our quantitative team is the other area where you have the balance of dedicated ESG capabilities.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Good. So as you point out, we’ve had a number of smaller bolt-ons around that technology and it has all been pulled together over the past year that was the effort last year. It’s now the banner is Intelliflo where the success has really been more immediately is through something called Vision, which is a technology that is an analytical tool that we work through our solutions team with our institutional clients. The next area where we are looking to expand outside of the UK is the direct to the financial advisor channel. That again is where we’re turning our attention, beginning this year to expand that. So we did take a year to pull the rest of the platform together, and it will frankly be focused on the RIA channel in particular.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So right now, there’s about $900 billion of AUA within that platform. And the core capability continues to grow. And again, the historical focus on financial advisors has not changed and we think that’s, again, going to be the future is for that platform.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So it continues to be – real estate can just be very, very strong. Bank loans have come back after they have being challenged last year for sure. And GTR is really, has been the headwind within alternatives. Otherwise, it’s been continuing to build out that pipeline quite strongly.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, look, the reality is, it’s sort of overnight success after multiple years of investments. And it really is a combination of the capabilities that we’ve had. We just – how we’re mashing off against clients around the world. And really the solutions capability, it was really, really important, but you need solutions, you need self-indexing, you need a range of capabilities and you have to have deep relationships with the institutional clients and that’s all coming through. The other thing I want to maybe connect the dots. So we started talking about some of the large institutional passive mandates that have come, and that’s very consistent with what we’ve been talking about strategically, where every client that we deal with around the world, again, not unique to us, they’re dealing with fewer money managers, they want more from us. And so that also includes a range of asset classes to create the outcomes. So historically, we did not take our indexing capability to institutional clients. Needless to say, we’ve changed that recently, and it just creates a deeper, better relationship with the clients. The reality is large institutions around the world are going to use passive capabilities, and we want to be able to provide that along with the rest of the range of capabilities we have all the way from alternatives and the combination of all those things is really what’s driving the change.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So that’s where it was going. So look, we’ve been extending the real estate capability into infrastructure, but it’s very early days for us, right? So it’s an area that’s very competitive and it’s one that we want to be competitive in, half of the bank loan capabilities have continue to build out private credit, direct lending capabilities. Private credit has gone quite well the distress capability in particular, and also the team and direct lending has been building a nice track record is one to get to scale though. So that’s the areas that we’ve been focused on.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, Mike. So look up, it would be quite simple. So if you – there is – on the highlight slide, we talk about the focus on investment solutions, China, active equity, active fixed income, private markets, factors, indexes. Those have been the areas where we’ve been just laser focused and they have been net beneficiaries of that. Also underneath, it really everything digital, as you would imagine. So all of our digital capabilities as we face off against client that is just clients has just changed quite dramatically for everybody last year, just advanced it quite dramatically. And I think also what you’re seeing really in the platform to make it much more efficient and effective. And Alpha, Next Gen is an example of that. And it’s beyond just more efficient, more effective, it’s really moving everything to the cloud and also creating a data capability that really enhances our ability to get to all of the information we need to make better decisions. And so it really is quite focused. And I think it’s showing up in the results.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So look UK equities continues to be a headwind, it’s been a period of – one just the asset class, which were historically a larger manager within the asset class and historical performance. The performance is still the headwind that said we’ve made the changes to the portfolio managers. I feel really good about the teams there. It’s still early days for them, but that is, I believe, the main focal point there.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, I don’t think it does. It provides relief for the sector, if you would say, all – rising tide raises all boats. But the reality of – where the industry does not changed. I mean, with all the characteristics of a maturing industry where again, fundamentally, I mentioned them a couple of minutes ago. Every client is expecting more from money managers. They are working with fewer money managers around the world and you really need scale in multiple levels across the organization, whether it be in investment capabilities, operational scale, the ability to invest in technology, that’s just not going away. And so there’s going to be consolidation, but it’s going to be two ways as we talked about in the past, it’s going to be inorganic put also organic, literally just money leaving to go to those firms that are performing better for the clients. And still the other reality of M&A within the sector, it’s hard. I mean, you really need a skill set to be successful at it. And that’s still, even if you do have those skills, it’s just art and you got to be really focused and be able to execute it. So I don’t think the strategic dynamic has changed quite frankly.
Marty Flanagan: Operator, thank you. And on behalf of Allison and myself, thank you very much for participating and thanks for the questions and we’ll talk with everybody very soon. Thank you.
Allison Dukes: Yes. The only thing I’d add, obviously sentiments maybe shifted just a little bit there in the recent months, very strong sentiment fourth quarter, very strong sentiment in the first couple of months of the first quarter, we’ve definitely seen a little bit of a softening there and we’ll pull back in March and into April. So it’s going to be a place to watch. I will say that broadly speaking for Asia Pacific, we are starting to see flows really start to come in a balanced profile across the region, China being very significant as Marty said. In total little north of $9.5 billion of those flows came from IGW and Greater China. But as I mentioned, saw $3 billion inflows from Japan and $2 billion from Singapore, $2.3 billion from some of the other regions. And of course, as we noted in the pipeline, we’re seeing very strong mandates coming in broadly from Asia Pacific. So, I think it’s – I don’t know that it seasonality so much as maybe a sentiment that we’ve got to keep an eye on there. I would note in the nine funds that we launched in the first quarter in IGW, they generated $6 billion inflows in that first quarter. Most of those were balanced equity funds. And the fee rates there are very strong. They are better than the firm average and a real meaningful contributors to our growth.
Allison Dukes: I’d say, you definitely see us making good progress with $95 million of the $200 million. We feel like achieved at this point. The $200 million remains our net target. We are very focused and reinvesting savings and continuing to reallocate those savings into areas of growth. So at this point, I don’t think we’re – we would be suggesting that the $200 million is conservative. We are going to be consistently looking at how do we continue to transform our business and make sure that we are spending in the areas where we can generate the most growth and really looking at allocating our expenses and reallocating our expenses with that mindset.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I would agree. I mean, it’s lumpy, there’s nothing specific happening there. The gross funding out of the institutional pipeline was about $21.5 billion. And again, you’re seeing the pipeline even excluding this significant mandate, really maintain its size. And we’re seeing a lot of the fundings come not just from the pipeline, but existing client augmentation activity outside the pipeline. I think it’s important to remember that the pipeline is not the only source of our institutional flow. It’s certainly a strong indication. But as we continue to grow these relationships and really deepen the relationship, they become much more strategic, which generates additional flows but nothing specific to point to there.
Allison Dukes: And in terms of asset class mix, I’d tell you the half of it is coming from balanced and the remainder coming across equity and fixed income capabilities. But our balance products they’re really driving a significant amount of the flows. In terms of the retail and institutional mix, it was about $13 billion on the retail side, out of the total $16.6 billion.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Thanks, Ken. Yes, so I’d say our capital priorities are consistent with what you’ve heard us say repeatedly for the last several quarters. And I’m very pleased to say we’re making good progress against those, and you can really see the evidence of that progress in some of what we’ve announced today. We remain committed to financial flexibility, which gives us the opportunity to really reinvest in the business and support our future growth. And that is our priority. First and foremost is creating that financial flexibility to reinvest in the business and growth capabilities there. We also want to improve the strength of our balance sheet and continue to return excess cash to shareholders. So please, we were able to announce the increase the common dividend today. We are committed to stable and modestly increasing dividends. In terms of a payout ratio, we’re being thoughtful about how we continue to improve the payout ratio. The decision we made a year ago to cut the dividend was not one that was made lightly as you know, it was not an easy decision. But absolutely I think we would reflect and say it was a good decision because it’s given us the opportunity to continue to improve that financial flexibility through the more uncertain times last year. As we have made progress so far in some of those liabilities with the forward share repurchase liabilities both now completely paid out and are leverage well-managed. It does give us the opportunity to continue to think about modestly increasing that dividend. We felt like 10% was the right level for where we are today and the earnings profile we have today, but we think we have an opportunity to continue to improve that over time. We just want to be thoughtful and measured in our pace there.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I’d say, the flows that would be specifically attributed to our ESG capabilities in the quarter were around $4 billion. I’d say, notably we are the second largest ESG ETF provider in the United States. We have nine ETFs right now that are dedicated ESG ETFs in the United States where we have about $9.5 billion in AUM there that $4 billion is a global number inflows over the first quarter. So we are absolutely seeing real strength. It just underscoring the importance we all understand around ESG capabilities.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Hard to decompose the trending of the fee rate, exactly, just given the puts and takes of how the calculation is done throughout the quarter, but I would tell you just generally speaking, it probably – the puts and takes, I would say, we’re actually probably made the trending relatively stable. So if you think about what the fee rates sort of the change in the first quarter fee rate net revenue yield ex performance fees relative to the fourth quarter lower day count in the quarter, as I mentioned, impacted net revenue yield by 8/10 of a basis point. So that was meaningful. And then money market fee waivers were pretty consistent through the quarter. And that would have been about 3/10 of a downward impact overall in the quarter. Now I would say, baked into that was what we were experiencing in money market fee waivers in prior quarters. So it’s probably about a 6/10 of a basis point impact overall in terms of the fee waivers in the quarter, it was just 3/10 higher than the prior quarter. Those were largely offset, however, by the positive impact of rising markets and net long-term flows. So that’s why I say, I’m not sure the entry rate and the exit rate were that dissimilar given the nature of the puts and takes inside of the quarter. And so I think, as you think about it going forward and getting to, I think probably where you’re going with the pipeline as well, there were going to be a couple of things that, we think about as we think about the fee rate moving into the next quarter. One day count is less of a drag going into the second quarter. It’s a very modest, and I’ll say, very modest, help with just an additional day. As I mentioned, I think money market fee waivers, I think that impact will be consistent through the quarter. And so I think that’s going to be a bit of a neutral, but negative impact on an absolute basis. And then it looking at the pipeline and the pipeline being very significant, obviously, an absolute side, if I exclude this large, significant Asia Pacific index mandate, the remaining pipeline actually looks pretty consistent with prior quarters, both in terms of absolute size and the fee composition. And as we’ve noted in the past, the average fee rate on the institutional pipeline is below the firm average not significantly below, but I’d say modestly below the firm average, and it’s been – it’s held quite steady for the last three or four quarters. And so I don’t expect that to be a different impact. But this very significant sizable win, which we’ll fund sometime in the second quarter, will be a modest drag on net revenue yield in the second quarter, more so going into the third quarter when it is fully realized on the run rate.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I don’t think we’ve pointed to anything notable or sizeable in terms of the pipeline or any real differences as it relates to alternatives.
Allison Dukes: Let me start with – we’re not quantifying what’s been reinvested. So what we’ve put forth is the $200 million net target, and that’s really what we’re tracking to. And as we think about the reinvestment, it really is, one, it can be rather difficult to trace and track the – where it’s reinvested that absolute level, because we were always investing in the business. But what we’re looking to do is really make some changes that are discreet line items of costs that we can take out and again, create more than $200 million. So that we do have some gross savings to be able to reinvest back into the business. And the way we’re thinking about it is really about driving, operating margin. I can let Marty comment on the path and some of how the thinking may differ prior to my time at Invesco, but I would tell you, our focus now really is on delivering that profitable growth. And so, as we think about reallocating, really thinking about how do we reallocate some of those savings into areas where we think, we get the fastest growth and really drive that margin enhancement. And I think you see some of that margin enhancement and what we’ve been able to deliver over the last two or three quarters. And I don’t know that we can deliver that margin enhancement at that magnitude quarter-after-quarter into perpetuity. But again, it gives us the opportunity just to really leverage the scale that we think we are starting to create across the real diversified platform and making sure that our investments are in those key capabilities that really drop profitability to the bottom line.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I’ll take that. Our AUM that’s eligible to earn a performance fee is around $58 billion. And we tend to see in terms of what comprises that AUM, it is largely real estate a number of contracts that would relate back to China, Asia Pacific, broadly speaking, but specifically China. And so as I think about it going forward, it is just inherently difficult to predict the level of performance fees. Given it varies by contract and by client relationships. So I really can’t give you a lot of guidance there. I would point to the fact that fourth quarter performance fees were north of $70 billion, as you know, as I look at performance fees this quarter, pretty consistent to what we saw in the second and third quarter of last year. I wouldn’t necessarily suggest that that is what you should expect every quarter, because it is so difficult to predict. But I do think looking at some of those historical trends is at least factual and somewhat helpful.
Allison Dukes: Yes. It was up quite a bit. It’s largely due to higher UIT and front end transaction fees. It is almost all of other revenue is transaction-based as opposed to AUM or volume based. And so it can be, I would say, as you think about a run rate, a little bit more difficult to predict, I’m just double checking that. Yes. I mean, I think we had an unusually large quarter and there were some specific items in there as it relates to some of the UIT and front end transaction fees. I don’t know that you should expect that same level of revenue quarter-to-quarter.
