Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. It's a fair question and you're not the only one who's wondering, we all are. So, I mean, I can give you some sense. I mean that it's -- and I think you probably seen it different magnitudes and different companies just because of the relative strength in them. But it was quite robust and at a macro level if you want to use the U.S. retail investors maybe some level of proxy. You did see -- I would classify it early stages of the rotation into equities and I would expect people to continue to be cautious throughout the summer. You've had 3 years in a row of right around this time that the markets pulled back quite strongly. And so for good reason, you would imagine retail investors should be cautious into the fall. So I think if you have sort of sideways to up markets through the summer, in the fall, you could have some level of confidence and you could probably see continuation of some movements into equity. Where I think if, again, if you just look at history, if you look at the different asset classes, it tends to be pretty stable in areas of asset allocation and the buckets of alternatives where you start to get the movements are between fixed income and equity and you did see this quarter, obviously, movements into U.S. equities, in particular, which has been quite different than what we've seen over the last trailing 12 months at the expense of taxable fixed income, in particular. And I would imagine it would be more gradual than not. So that said, I don't know if that's helpful, that's a perspective. What we are seeing specifically is just a continuing broadening of the asset classes that are interesting to our client base. Balance risk continues to be quite strong. I think the equity income type products continue to be strengthening, international equities continue to be strengthening, and again, I think those are all signs of people, real estate, and also if you look at our traditional PowerShares, again, I think all are very, very strong. So Q1 is traditionally the strongest quarter of the year. We saw that and I suspect others will have seen that too. But it does look that there could be some continue the momentum throughout the summer and into the fall.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so again, I think the balance risk capability is consistent with I think we're seeing broadly across the industry is really a post-crisis phenomenon, some ways where people do want to have some low volatility capabilities in their portfolios. And we continue -- it's not unique to the United States as you know, for us it continues to be built out. By the fall, we look to be introducing another capability with the team that's joined us in the United Kingdom. It won't be 'til the fall so we're going to continue to expand that. And we think that's here to stay. I think it's going to be just part of sort of the makeup of how people are building portfolios, Multi-Asset Strategies and the like. With regard to Europe, again, it has been a focus of ours as an organization over the last number of years and continues to be and it continues to get stronger. And we anticipate that it will continue to get stronger as we continue to focus on the things that we have. So again, it should be a net contributor. Also in time it has been probably at one level, with the macro environment there. It's contributed more broadly than one might anticipate considering that. But again, we still think we're early days of where we could end up on the continent.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me hit a couple of those and let Loren. So I'll have Loren talk more specifically about the pipeline but what we're sort of seeing. And I think this is important, as you to point out a number of years ago where it was pretty focused on staple value in particular in the United States. It's broadening quite a bit where alternatives heavily real estate bank loans are under just under half of -- but it's also brought in through the balance portfolios, the fixed income and also equities. And we would not have seen that breadth of asset classes being the pipeline 2, 3 years ago. And it continues to be really pretty broad not just the United States but in continental Europe we've actually been getting some good traction. We continue to get traction out of the Middle East, and also in parts of Asia. So again, it's as broad as we've seen in a number of years.
Martin L. Flanagan: What I might add to it is that, and again, I think important that we talked about this over the quarters. We are not clear, the timing of it, right? We all have estimates, but, again, it tends to be -- clients will react when they react, and but if you look over the time period of the year, it looks really quite strong. And the other thing that I think is still on the marketplace, I think, which is interesting for the money-management industry, in particular, is that yes, we are seeing more interest in equities in some ways, but you also have a number of plans that continue to de-risk their equity exposure and I personally don't think that's the right answer when you're trying to close deficits, but maybe with more solid markets you'll continue to see some of that mind shift change and I think that would be real positive not just for the plans, but also for the industry and for us, in particular. But all in all, Loren said...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me start on the comment. I mean, we've obviously been there for years and years and years. And we weren't happy with the results that we were generating. And again, this is not sort of an overnight effort. It's been the past couple of years really where the performance is strong. It's as strong as it's ever been in that lineup there. That's reflective of a number of our investment teams from around the world being represented there. So it's just common sense, right? Much better product management, the lineup's much better. There's much greater focus on -- the sales leadership is very, very strong now. We're still, I'd say, early stages of where we want to be institutionally although we're seeing some very good success recently on the institutional business. So again, it's -- we've thought for some period we should be much more successful there than we have then, and you're starting to see that. In the United Kingdom, we're -- we just have a very large presence. And I think you're, with a good performance, you're seeing it's a combination of people sentiment in the marketplace about exposure to the equity market, but we also think there's an opportunity for us, again, with the multi-asset capabilities. We think that's not unique to the United States, but also something very, very important in the United Kingdom. And we think that is a future area for growth for us in a very strategic important way. And again, that's -- it's not going to come on until the fall just because it takes up long to get it up and running. But again, we think that is going to be another very, very important element of success and growth opportunities.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let me -- maybe why don't I start with that and then Loren can address the margin topics. So we think the PowerShares franchise is a superb one, right? We know where we're competing, and we've been very focused on that. If you look at the recognition, the advisor channel, it's the second most recognized brand in the advisor channel. We think that's very, very important. The focus, again, on product development introductions over the last 3 years, in particular, I think, has been very sharp, very focused and something that has put us in a position for the success that you're seeing right now. We believe that's sustainable, and we'll continue to do more of that. We also think, again, the ETF market is, again, it's investment outcomes that matter, not the vehicle per se, but what you are seeing is, again, with good product capabilities within the -- or investment capabilities within ETFs, is the educational level goes up in the advice channel, you're just going to see greater use of that and that has been our whole theory since the beginning of getting into PowerShares. And so we're just expecting to continue very good things out of the Invesco Powershares business, and we think it's sustainable.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let me answer that this way. So I -- you're on an important topic. I think success through investment capabilities generally creates success across the organization, and we've said over the years, the Invesco brand was not known a number of years ago in the advice channel. I mean, it was a standing start into the advice channel. And so the effort to get it recognized in the advice channel has been very important. And it largely comes by creating strong performing capabilities that help advisors do what they need to do for their clients. Invesco PowerShares has been a very important part of that. Again, this is a multiyear conversation. It has been reinforced into the retail channel, not cannibalization, and it's how we present all of the capabilities to the channel. It's a combination of general wholesalers with specialists. We've had that model for years. We think that's what matters. It's focus on outcomes for the advisor. And again, you do some on top of that, the capability of a -- give-or-take capability, again, is reinforcing to the franchise. It was something that is needed for clients. And again, it just -- when wholesalers are talking to their clients, they talk about a suite, they listen to them very much to understand what their needs are, and they present the breadth of them, and for a number of years now, we have been very focused on the equity capabilities for the advice channel. We think it has been the right thing to do to have people forward-looking as they look into markets. And again, you've not seen the corporate rotation into U.S. equities. You've seen somewhat international on emerging markets, but we're still early days. So again, it all becomes self-reinforcing. And I think you're right on the -- you're on the right topic. And we think we have made great progress in that area as compared to just 3 years ago.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's a hard question to answer. But again, if you think of the prior conversations that we've had, we have thought a national progression from a conservative position of investors was from sort of fixed income type into passive equities. And we saw that movement very, very strongly. If you look at our core ETFs, they have continued to get stronger and stronger. So with this idea of investor confidence increasing, I think that's a realistic thought and you could see that continue in time. And again, it would be consistent with the idea that it's not the vehicle that matters, it's the investment outcomes that matter and what investment philosophy that you're trying to meet. And again, it's consistent with -- we think the very strong equity capabilities that we have there are going to do fine as people continue to get more confident coming into the market, and we expect that the ETF capabilities that will generate greater returns will also benefit. And so we would agree with the fundamental underlying point of your question.
Martin L. Flanagan: Maybe I'll make a couple of comments, and Loren can too. I don't have all the details to answer that question. But I think what you saw here and consistent with much of the industry, January was uniquely strong, and we can debate the whys, but it was. It did continue for us vis-à-vis prior months and quarters at a very strong level. And again, we just -- again, I'm repeating myself, but it is reflection of greater investor confidence and the performance that's been generated by the investment management teams. And I don't know that I can get any more specific than that.
Martin L. Flanagan: Just on the broad question, you're all seeing the commentary, so everybody is expecting some guidance like here in the not-too-distant future from the SEC. As with our involvement, what we understand is that the range of proposals, we think, it is a manageable outcome for the industry and frankly, for us, and we would not change our stance on where we are. We think it is a very valuable thing for investors, the money funds. And we could see a path forward coming out of the proposed reforms that will stay intact. And we do believe that the general goal is not to negatively impact the money fund market at the same time. So we're cautiously optimistic, I would say.
Martin L. Flanagan: So again -- and you've somewhat -- being add-on to the commentary I talked about earlier, here in the U.S. in particular, we really had a lot of work to do to get recognized in the retail channel and to move it forward. And again, I think just from the results today, you're seeing continued progress and being impactful in that retail channel and that helps, right? There's no question about it. The commentary earlier about greater success on the continent, that is a very important thing and very helpful, and that continues to build on it. So again, it is just an absent focus of the firm, the capabilities are strong and the performance is strong, and just being very focused on ensuring that we get the opportunity to deliver those capabilities to clients is a very serious folks of the firm and has been for a number of years.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well, it's an ongoing effort at the organization to understand our investment capabilities and what's needed by clients. And again, I think what I would point to is our success of identifying those trends and matching them whether it'd be things like ABRA, the premium income product, or...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, the bank loans and the like. So we don't see gaping holes in the organization. I mean, very, very different. There's fewer holes than -- but again, it's a very constant focus of ours, so...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I -- that's -- so if you look at the credit capabilities, as I've said, the organization's credit capabilities about as strong as you're going to find them in the marketplace. And that's a good thing for the environment that we're in, but what's coming off of that are sort of a multi-credit type capabilities or something that we think we should be much more successful in than we are. And I think you'll see those types of things create success over time. So that's a very good point.
Martin L. Flanagan: It is interesting. I think there is a constant theme of seeking income within institutional clients and I'd probably put it more specifically, of moving out of perfective mode to how do we -- how can we generate the returns close to the deficits that we have or to meet our target of return with ideally not using equities? I mean, that's a real hard thing to solve. So that's why you see a lot of, again, things into real estate, things into bank loans, those types of capabilities premium income. Now again, with that said, there are some very smart investors moving into equities, and we are seeing that. But the theme is people, and I think it's a good -- ultimately a good trend that people are realizing they're going to have to generate returns to close the gaps. So that would be a few in Asia, broadly Greater China, Japan that would be interesting. In Japan, there's greater conversation in equities than you've seen in a very, very long period of time. How much takes through, we'll have to see. And again, here in the States, we've talked about that at some length. It is -- it kind of gets us with the conversations we've just had.
Martin L. Flanagan: No. I think it's reinforcing the focus and factors that we've been on for the last number of years, so...
Martin L. Flanagan: So again, we -- as I mentioned earlier, we are seeing it more broad. I mean, we are seeing people moving more broadly outside of taxable fixed income. For us, it'd be alternatives, asset allocation, international equities, equity income-type products, so again, I think it is broadening for us.
Martin L. Flanagan: Again, I -- we think it's an opportunity. I mean, it's relative opportunity as you point out, but again, the ETF introductions that we have done in Canada have been -- they really have been successful. And again, it's copying the playbook in the United States. It's been very complimentary to the advice channel. It's worked very well with the advisors there. I think also importantly, whether it's hard to follow is that what happens is -- and it's just not unique to Canada, but also, investors start to come to the U.S. exchanges to buy the Invesco PowerShares, ETFs here in the United States. So again, the greater recognition of ETFs in the marketplace, it is beyond what you see locally. I mean, it tends to go to the home exchanges also. So for us, it's been a very nice contribution to the Invesco PowerShares franchise. But more importantly, broadening out our ability to meet investors' needs in Canada has been a very good development.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. It's surely very topical. And again, I think our view is we have been very much focused on the areas where we think we can do job -- good job and meet the investor needs. So I -- and if you look through the capabilities we have, whether we will classify them differently, but we want to be real estate, bank loans, different type of credit, private equity, private equity fund of funds. So things that we have and then elements, frankly, in -- with our Quant teams with -- long, short capabilities and some of those strategies. So we, again, are, with capabilities we have, just continuing to extend them as we think they make sense for our clients. I think it'd be a little too early to declare beyond those types of things that you're seeing already largely. And I think if I talk about it in the retail market, then blurring things like real estate, things like bank loans, things that are there that have done well, they'll continue to. I personally think of some of the conversation is beyond sort of ahead of itself. I -- things like, I don't know, risk arbitrage, global macro, those types of things being available and fully understood and accepted in the retail channel. I think you're -- some good ways away from it and probably for a good reason. So again, I think people are seeking different asset classes and also into commodities, those types of things. I think those are natural progressions. I think the full extent of some of the conversations are ahead of themselves if that is helpful. But that's our point of view.
Martin L. Flanagan: Good. Well, again, on behalf of Loren and myself, thank you very much for joining us, and have a good rest of the day.
Loren M. Starr: So in terms of moving pieces, again, the biggest moving piece and the one that we highlighted just now has to do with payroll taxes, and obviously, it spikes up in the first quarter and then rolls off. So that's going to account for the biggest drop off. It is somewhat offset by having 3 months entirely of salary increases, which typically -- which happened this month -- or sorry, in February of last quarter so you only have 1 month of the impact last quarter and you have 3 months of it this quarter. So that difference is really the net 15. There is going to be some benefit in comp in terms of ultimately the TA outsourcing, which is going to bring comp down. Comp will, obviously, continue to expand as our operating income grows, and as we grow organically. So some of that's going to get offset. That's why comp really looks rather flat in terms of the guidance through the rest of the year because of those 2 things will be largely offsetting. So that's really all the moving pieces. We have a very stable, predictable accrual -- in terms of how we're recruiting for bonus this year. So there's no back end loading, no front end loading, this is going to be very predictable for everyone. So, again, that will help in terms of the transparency. In terms of the other line items. Property, office and tech, as I mentioned, is going to go up to about $75 million. That's because when we pay our third party provider to do the work for them and it falls into that line item, and that's why it's going up. And so in G&A again, even though it's up to from where it is right now, 62, it is going to be -- there's a net offset. Generally G&A has been going up because of the regulatory environment we're in. There's a lot of cost in terms of putting risk systems, but that will -- in terms of the impacts of the TA outsourcing, it will help offset that and that's why it will be staying flat at 62. So hopefully that's the level of detail looking for, Mike.
Loren M. Starr: So performance fees, typically where we earn our performance fees in the U.K., this -- first quarter is the big quarter when we would see that. So, again, looking a year later, I'm not smart enough to be able to tell you what it will look like other than performance is excellent in that team, and so if they can hold onto it, yes, there'll be more performance fees. I can't exactly say at what magnitude. The other place where we've seen performance fees and probably will continue to see performance fees is in the area of bank loans. Our bank loan business has continued to grow very rapidly, a lot of those products do have performance fees associated with that and they're doing very well. So again, how much maybe in the range of $2 million to $5 million could be that range and it could hit at any quarter. It's not, I wouldn't count on it every single quarter. And then the only point I would mention, because of a discontinued operations that we're going to need to treat Atlantic Trust as, all the performance fees associated with Atlantic Trust which we've traditionally seen in the fourth quarter are going to fall into the discontinued ops line and therefore won't be part of our operating results. So, again, that's something that you'll just need to model through. But the other thing that is worth pointing out is, when we do go to discontinued ops, which will happen in the second quarter, essentially margins will grow. So I think we've mentioned in the call before it's about 0.5 percentage point benefit on margin. That's not in any of the guidance I just given you. In fact all the numbers I've given you include Atlantic Trust. So you'll have to sort of exclude those amounts in your models, which you can do using the sheet in the back of the Appendix.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I mean, I think it's actually I would say markets have been still generally helpful for us and so that does give us a sense of confidence. Obviously, having the quarter completed and results and everything being executed as we hoped, it's helpful. Our guidance that we gave you was sort of x the Atlantic Trust transaction, too. So we feel that, that will definitely provide more lift in margins even than that I was talking about. So, overall, we are focused on the top line growth. We think we're seeing flows continue in a very healthy way. We're focused on operating platform effectiveness, efficiencies, as we always have been and that work is going well too. So again, I think maybe that is generating a greater sense of confidence that we can get to that 40% margin.
Loren M. Starr: So Ken, in terms of you wanted to talk about the pipeline and the pipeline is actually at 5% higher than it was over the last 12 month average, so it continues to be strong and healthy and stable despite the fact that we had a lot of fundings this quarter. So I think the institutional business is continuing to do quite well. I think, again, the products entering has been very much on alternatives, equities, fixed income balance and I mean it's across the spectrum, so there's quite a bit of diversity within what is in demand there and stable value is a small part of it actually. It's not enormous, I think it's maybe 10% of the pipeline in terms of what is being looked at. We do think stable values has the ability to grow going forward, but it's been a little bit concerning just due to wrap capacity recently. And so we're looking to find ways to increase wrap capacity. So overall, pretty good. And even more importantly, we -- the fee characteristics of the pipeline continue to improve. So the net revenue yield on the pipeline is improving, so all good.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, and again, Ken, in terms of the actual dollar amounts, I mean, we've been hesitant to give out dollar amounts. So we look at it in terms of what's won and not yet funded, we look at qualified opportunities, but we're talking about sizable numbers, billions and billions of dollars in terms of won, not funded. But as Marty said, it can be a little bit of illusion because it takes a while, a lot of its real estate. It takes -- it could take a year. It could take even longer than a year to some of that stuff to fund. So you don't want people to presume that it's all coming around next quarter.
Loren M. Starr: And maybe just a little more color. I mean, one of the things, as you mentioned, maybe asset allocation capabilities have been strong in Europe, but they've been growing sequentially quite dramatically, actually. So it's been sort of 50% growth levels quarter-over-quarter. So it's definitely accelerating. Again, by the way, that stays -- it's hard to say, but it's just been very, very encouraging. We've also had very strong European corporate bonds, flows to that product has done very, very well, and it's been in great demand. I think we mentioned we had a $1 billion win with our Quant group in Europe, which, again, is -- really had the potential to draw even more flows going forward. So it's been multifaceted in terms of what's going on in Continental Europe.
Loren M. Starr: And I tell you in terms of what's driving the margin growth, when I look at it, it isn't -- you can't just say it's ETFs. It has a lot to do with the very important theme of products that are beginning to go global, and that is true around some of the asset allocation products and the fact that you get that operating leverages as these products can go into different markets. But also bank loans, which has been the big driver of growth within the ETF space and outside of U.S. and has been a big driver too. So I'd say that is probably more the way I would think about the margin expansion as opposed to a particular product line or particular regions. And again, we're very hopeful that we're going to see more of those types of products sort of take off in -- through 2013 and 2014.
Loren M. Starr: So, Dan, so we have a few different configurations within U.S. and then other configurations outside of the U.S. So again, I haven't counted them all up, but we probably have close to 10, 12 different flavors of what we have, and also, I believe we're going to have more. I think in terms of ones that we're excited about but not yet onto any sort of landmark, timing is the premium income fund, which is -- does asset allocation across our brand of high-yielding asset classes. It has a very, very strong performance record for one year. And when you look at the flows, they are definitely getting stronger quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter. So again, early days to declare this is going to be the next big thing, but it is certainly a product that has a lot of appeal within U.S. and is actually now being looked at very seriously outside of the U.S. So we may be able to actually move this forward without sort of the traditional 3-year track record in certain regions more quickly. So that one's exciting. There's another product, which is the global strategies product, which was more of an alternative capability that is being targeted for high net worth individuals in the U.S. That has sort of generated some good interest. And again, early days, but it's one where it's certainly been growing more rapidly, more recently. So that one has a lot of promise, but again, no 3-year track records yet that I can call out and say, this thing is going to suddenly take off at this point.
Loren M. Starr: I would use this as the best run rate forecast at this point. It's a consistent way that we're looking at it internally. It is proven to be a very hard line item to forecast because there are some things that run through it, and the actual transaction fees are very much a function of which fund may be doing a transaction as opposed to just a level of transactions in aggregate, so -- but I would guide you to use current quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I mean, the one thing I would say, I mean, just some background topics, I mean, our active equity sales are up 26% quarter-over-quarter, so we are seeing increased interest in active equities. With that said, our ETF -- so traditionally ETF business are doing very well too, so we're not seeing any sort of cannibalization. I think people are just generally taking on more risk, and they do it in a couple of different ways and different proportions. Ultimately, if we get into a full-on grade rotation-type of scenario, I mean, you could certainly probably paint the picture where people will be gravitating less to index-type, pointed passive funds.
Loren M. Starr: Passive funds and more into active funds, and that will be great. I mean, I think we welcome that. The good news about our ETF line, obviously, is that it's obviously somewhere afoot in active and somewhat afoot in passive. It's actually probably going to benefit under all scenarios.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I think there isn't sort of a distinct trend where suddenly we're active and then we went passive or vice versa. I do think sort of as we enter into second quarter, we'll continue to see the trends we saw in the first quarter. They'll probably have a little bit more orientation towards passive products right now than there has been the first quarter, but it's just one month. And so again, it's hard to sort of say that we're in any sort of permanent move away from active product at all. So early days into 2Q.
Loren M. Starr: No. I mean, I think it's steady as she goes. I mean, as we mentioned, we're accruing on a constant rate. So there isn't any sort of deferral and then suddenly catch-up going to happen later. So that is going help, I think, everyone in terms of their modeling. So going forward, as we talked about, the only real big moving piece is going to be payroll tax, and now from fourth quarter to first quarter. If you're looking at that change, obviously, we talked about sort of having a heavier back-end accrual in the last half of 2012. And so that has fallen to a lower rate quarter-versus-quarter. So that's certainly why variable compensation was able to come down. We also saw performance fees -- a different composition of performance fees in Q4 versus Q1. In Q4, it was Atlantic Trust largely, and that's at a higher compensation rate than the rate that we saw for Q1. So all those elements allowed comp to come in where it did.
Loren M. Starr: So I think in the past, we've talked about incremental margins, and that is sort of in the range of 55%, 60% incremental margins, thinking about how much of revenue drops into operating income. And that's probably the -- generally the right range for you to be thinking about, and then largely that component is flexing into the variable compensation element. So hopefully, that will allow you to model kind of where comp would go if revenues and assets rise. The ratios on performance fees can be quite different, depending on which area generates them. So that creates a little variability, probably the biggest variation was with Atlantic Trust, and again, that's probably not going to be a topic that you're going to need to think about. So they tend to be more modest in other areas. But to the extent that we have our performance fees, through any part of -- or any quarter, that will drive up compensation clearly to some amount. But those levels are not as extreme as what we saw. Did that get your question, Matt? I'm not sure.
Loren M. Starr: The only thing I would add and well, you can correct me, but, I mean, we have been spending a lot of time and effort and resources on thinking about fixed income generally, and it's becoming a bigger -- potentially bigger player in that space. Bank loans are great product. I think we're one of the top -- probably top 3, top 5 in that space. But there's certainly other opportunities within fixed income broadly that we probably have not participated as well as we can. And we continue to add capabilities and resources and technology that will allow us to be more effective there. So I think that's got to be an area of focus.
Loren M. Starr: The only thing I'd say there, a couple of interesting things. I mean, I think Quant is factoring much more strongly in Europe than it has in the U.S. And so that's probably still work to be done at some point sort of to see if that becomes more of a theme. And then things like private equity is probably more of a U.S.-focused product as opposed to necessarily having as much opportunity outside of the U.S., in Europe, in Continental Europe. So there's different flavors that work in different locations. So generally, most of our products are across the globe being offered.
Loren M. Starr: And I think, Greggory, you're maybe looking purely U.S. in your view. And I'll say we're taking the perspective of the broader global sort of opportunity, which is quite different in some cases than what's going on. So a little bit hard for us to sort of draw a conclusion, and you get on specific plan, which is exactly what Marty said, is -- we're seeing strong flows into the products that you just mentioned, asset location, contingency growth and international equity and some other areas, so -- but hard to comment on the trend for the whole industry.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. Again, probably just worth emphasizing one more time, our goal is not to sort of own the ETF market in Canada or any location. I mean, we're focused on this type of ETF capability that's sort of this better beta enhanced access-type of capability, and that's where we want to be well recognized and well known. So in terms of what BlackRock might be doing up there, that probably is not as relevant necessarily to our strategy.
Loren M. Starr: Great, Rob. I think I'm going to offer you a job in my treasury because you know my cash flow as well as anybody. So yes. I mean, it's exactly what you said, that our bonus -- that we pay out bonuses, and that was a the big component. We also completed the acquisition of the 49% equity interest in Religare, so that was another part of it. And we did not get a dividend in this quarter, which in the past, we have, and that's going to happen in the second quarter. And so that will bring those balances down, and pretty much, we're well on track in terms of our continued focus on sort of overtime deleveraging and bringing down the credit facility. So we feel with the one point -- more than $1 billion of cash flow coming through in our operating income this year that we're going to be -- we'll be successful at attaining our goals of bringing down the credit facility over time.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, that's right. It can be lumpy. And so it will happen twice a year. Typically, it's the way that happens. So probably second quarter and fourth quarter would be our expectations. And that will help us. Obviously, it supports our dividends that we announced externally in terms of the 30% increase and as well as buybacks.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, Marc. I'm happy to say that is absolutely a complete one-off. It has nothing to do with anything, and it is -- actually it expected to go I don't know how many years ago and never left. So -- but we finally have been notified about it. So it's -- it is one that has been around for a while. We don't have too many more like that.
