Martin L. Flanagan: A good question. So let me -- I've been traveling quite a bit, so I can -- just coming back from Asia. And quite frankly, the appetite still seems strong. The asset classes that institutionally people are looking at for us continues to be our alternatives, which GTR, IBRA, prosperity, real estate, the bank loans, but quite frankly, also Asian equities, European equities, Japanese equities, so really continue to be very broad. Also quantitative strategies are another area that is gaining quite a bit of interest, and on the comment, the same is happening. I can't speak to the timing specifically, but what we have seen traditionally is that when there's uncertainty, people do slow down in the funding, but we don't have that indication right now, but back to the point I made earlier -- and Loren, I mean, the institutional pipeline really is quite robust. So we don't -- we've not had indications that it's people going on hold yet and sort of de-risking.
Martin L. Flanagan: Ken, that's a great question. And so our view is just look at the fundamental strength of the business, right? And you were sort of heading that way in that FX is something we can't control, right? And to the degree other than trying to be thoughtful and reasonable with hedges. But as I talked about and Loren talked about, if you just looked at the fundamental -- go back to the U.K., go back to EMEA, go back to the continent, the business is strong and growing robustly. And I think it would be an absolute mistake for us to, because of ForEx, stop making the investments when we're making such strong progress in the different parts of the world that way. So at the end of the day, we have to do right by clients and do a good job, but be good stewards, and I think we've shown a track record of being good stewards. So is it -- we'll see where this goes, but we're -- I think as you've picked up from myself and Loren, we're on it and we're driving it hard.
Martin L. Flanagan: I would just add, Ken, to Loren's first point that we do run the business sort of thinking -- ex performance fees, I think it can get you trouble otherwise because of the volatility of them, and then secondly, to clarify the second point that Loren made that -- what do we do with the money? It is part of our normal thinking, and we would continue to, as you call it, if it's found money, although I'd say people work pretty hard for it, it would accelerate some of the plans that Loren talked about, have a rising dividend increase or stock buybacks, and while at the same time, building that cash buildup that we talk about. So...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, that's a great question, and I wish I had a very specific answer. I think the main point, and you go back a few years ago, where that wasn't the case for us, and yes, that was part of the effort of building out a more robust retail capability, that is now in place, and range of capabilities to performance, but frankly, placement is critical. And so it's a prerequisite to success. And I think it puts us in a position as the retail environment, as it gains steam, and this is going to put us in a very different position and you would hope and expect that our retail results would be that much stronger than what we've seen historically. So I don't have a specific date, but again, I think the main point, it's absolutely a prerequisite for success.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, interesting. So where relative strength I would say, kind of only Europe is really quite strong, we're starting to see some traction in the U.K. and these are institutions, and again, as just in Japan, China and Australia, and it was topical every area there we're actually seeing some real interest in the capabilities. It also, I think, is relating to the use of institutions using more factor investing or whatever you might want to call it and we have just such a strong capability there, whether it be through quantitative team within the PowerShares, what was referred to more as smart data, but one and the same. And so it is, I'd say, a growing interest around the world, and that's what we're seeing so far.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I would say -- you described it as environmental, I think is the right way to capture it, and impact your other point. If you look at the depth and breadth of the performance across the globe, it's really strong. And so there is something that -- to meet investors needs in almost any way that they are looking at how to build their portfolios. And you're right, in the fourth quarter, there's literally, I think it was a $4 billion change quarter-over-quarter just in equities alone because of how people reacted to the volatility. So that was probably the biggest impact overall to us. But again, if you look into 2015, as Loren and I have been talking, it looks like it should be a strong year. I can't speak to what the markets are going to do, but if it's sort of a sideways to slightly up market, I would imagine a very, very good flow picture for us.
Martin L. Flanagan: Again, very topical, when it came out what, now, a couple of quarters ago. Honestly, I think the quarter ETF and the things that are in place are the things that have been driving the industry. Could, over time, it have some traction? Possibly, but it's nothing that we're overreacting to at the moment. So we think there's actually the combination of the existing mutual funds and ETFs, we think they're both great structures that really gets you to where you need to be. Not so sure what the whole benefit of a nontransparent ETF is vis-a-vis a mutual fund. So again, as a competitor product, again, I can't describe the future, but it's nothing that we see as sort of a dominant disruptive technology as people would describe it as.
Martin L. Flanagan: And let me put in context. We say that from experience. So we launched, I'm going lose track of time, maybe 5 years ago active ETFs and if there's $4 million in the 3 funds I'd be shocked. So it just hasn't really taken hold. Maybe it's different here, but that's been our experience.
Martin L. Flanagan: Got it. Okay. So it's -- the firm couldn't -- it just couldn't be stronger. So if you go asset class by asset class, whether it be Asian equities, European equities, fixed income, global equities, the performance is very, very strong. I think everything is in net inflows but for the U.K. equity income capability, it's actually back to net outflows similar to where they were before the change with Neil, and Mark Barnett's done an incredible job in his team generating the performance. So really strong. And that was the point I was making, that I don't think anybody would have expected that 2014 would have been a record gross sales year for Invesco Perpetual. And that is really a result of the strength and depth of the teams. And a lot of those capabilities, those teams are -- they make up the bulk of the product range that has been so strong in the cross-border area. So again, very, very strong positioning in EMEA for us.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. It's, again, it's a continuation of what we continue to do, right? I mean, we do the obvious. We try to understand what clients need, and we ensure that we have the capabilities in place to do it. Probably the most recent areas that -- of relative greater investment have been in fixed income with multi-credit and the like and again, we look at it as a longer-term capability that performance across fixed income is very, very strong right now. That was an area that we had abroad, and which we have done. And we also believe that extending our alternative capabilities into the retail market was an important thing and that's why the effort at the end of 2013, and as Loren pointed out, the performance has been very, very strong and the second set of launches in '14. And we looked at that as we told you, we think of it as a 3-year time horizon, the best -- you really need a 3-year track record, every once in a while there are capabilities that do well. Sooner than that, historically, we saw that with IBRA, we're actually seeing it specifically with GTR right now, and again, I think it's -- we're probably going to be in more volatile markets for a period of time. Investors are looking for a broader range of ways to diversify their capabilities, and that was the whole point of taking the alternatives into the retail market also. And as Loren said, it's only 1 year, but the 1-year performance is just very, very strong. So it probably bodes well for trends that we see -- that we believe are going to be here for a good long time.
Martin L. Flanagan: And the thing I don't want to have lost in this conversation, though, is we're talking about sort of advancements, if you want to call it that, but let's not lose track of the fundamental core capabilities, the long-running capabilities in this organization are very, very strong. And not just that, I firmly believe that the active management is a very important thing, it's been topical to the contrary. But that said, we're into the markets where they're doing well and you can see demand for them more permanently. And I think it's going to be a time for active managers over the next 3 years.
Martin L. Flanagan: Good question. And so I'll answer it this way. So I'd start by the reality and the right way is that clients have a range. Every client has a different set of investment objectives and risk tolerances and they build their portfolios with ranges of capabilities, as you know, that's what you do. But IBRA was always meant to be an anchor in a portfolio, greater -- a diversifier and a risk mitigator. And we always believed and have said that when you had a very strong equity market, the likelihood is that it would relatively underperform, and at the same time, you saw the flows happen. So we saw that exactly. But I would also come back to if you look at the performance 1 year, 3 year, since inception, it's very, very strong. So since inception, top 11 percentile, 7 percentile over 5 years, the 3 year is 40 percentile, 1 year is 16 percentile. So it's just a really strong performer. I mean, it is an anchor in a portfolio and again I think we have to separate flows from portfolio construction and we think it's really well placed, especially if we're going to be in a volatile market environment.
Martin L. Flanagan: So a good question. And what I would say is, very hard to draw a conclusion from that, and so here's what I mean by that. Again, I don't care if it's an institution or an individual. They're going to have a set of things that we know, a set of investment, check of time [ph] prices, risk tolerances. And that benchmark doesn't necessarily represent what they're trying to accomplish with the different investment capabilities. And I think that's really the very, very important key there and I think you'd have to look institution-by-institution and mandate-by-mandate to come to that conclusion. But -- so I can't give you a broad answer to that specific question.
Martin L. Flanagan: Maybe all of those. And I wish that we had a specific answer. I mean, we've asked ourselves that. I think probably what it does come back to is how people are using ETFs and mutual funds. And I think people have generally -- this is a broad statement, if you look what's in mutual funds, they tend to be longer-term time horizon type capabilities that people use. Now that's not to say ETFs aren't but I think they tend to be used in overall portfolio to sort of modify exposures or get access to an asset class they might not be able to in a mutual fund. So I think it's really how the group portfolio construction, how they're using them. That would be my take on it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I'm really not prepared to describe what we're going to do next, or I prefer not to. And that said, what we -- again, the answer is we continue to try and understand what investors are looking for and then we determine the best way to deliver it, whether it's a separate account, a mutual fund or an ETF. So, sorry, I just don't want to get more specific.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. A lot there. So let me just get to liquidity question. So I think it's like this is a new idea that liquidity management is something new to the money management industry. It is absolutely fundamental to how all portfolio managers that manage portfolios for price since inception. And I think that is something that's not fully understood by maybe some of the regulators. And I think money managers do a tremendous job of liquidity management. It's just core to their job, and they all do it in different ways, right. So whether it's keeping levels of cash, having backup lines of credit if they detect [ph] in a way, so there are just many different ways to do it. So I don't know that it's such a new idea and topical as others are bringing up. That said, we continue to do what we've done for decades and just make sure that all the different portfolios have -- the portfolio managers are managing them soundly and appropriately. So that's my perspective and that might be too simple of a view but that's how I look at it.
Martin L. Flanagan: So it's a great question and something that we've taken a look at and I think what we're reading in the popular press is, by our calculations, not exactly correct. And if you look at performance over the last 5 market cycles, peak-to-peak, trough-to-trough, and you look at managers of active share of 60%, so that probably excludes -- this is just mutual funds, that probably excludes about 15% of the population. All managers have outperformed during that period, 63%. And that's -- there's lots of detail here but I won't go into it. My point is, and that's before you start to pick good managers, and so what it's really saying is you really need to look at money managers through the cycle and what to expect during the different cycles and not some calendar or arbitrary date. That's not how the world works. And so I think people could be making bad decisions based on a simple calendar-to-calendar element, but if you are ever going to see active underperformed, it would be from 2009 on when you consider the chunk rally off the bottom and 3 grounds of QE, so there's never been an environment like this. And I think people could be making bad decisions by drawing the conclusions that they have.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So that is exactly what has been emerging for us over the last 18 months in particular, where, as factor investing or smart beta, whatever you want to call it, institutions are looking at it and some institutions want to use the ETFs and they do. But by the way, there's others who want separate accounts, and utilizing our quantitative team to do that is something that has been emerging and is a really strong complement. So it's really -- and we look at it -- we can become vehicle independent in that and do what you really want to do and just understand what the capabilities the clients want and deliver them. So it's really the combination of those 2 that are really putting us in a very strong position.
Martin L. Flanagan: No. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, the net outflows in those, they're now back to the same levels that they were when Neil was managing the portfolios.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I don't know if it's -- so, the Qs do what they're supposed to do because there -- it's actually a passive portfolio, just a typical passive portfolio. But if you're responding to the flows, again, a lot of that is used by institutions wanting access, and what you can really see is almost all investor sentiment is the way I would be looking at that. When you have strong flows to the Qs, you can sense where people's confidence levels are in the U.S. market, in the segment of the U.S. market. And when you see those outflows, that's what you've got and so if you look at Q4 in particular, that's exactly probably a great indicator of investor sentiment and how they were feeling about the risk they were taking in the market.
Martin L. Flanagan: So good question. I'm glad you asked. So again, the way that we look at it is very basic. We absolutely try to understand what clients are trying to accomplish and we'll use a range of capabilities to meet those needs. And so that would include whether it be our passive or our active capabilities and so we're 1 firm, if you want to say, from, an economic point of view, we're indifferent. The good news is because it's so broad and so deep our capabilities, we can focus on the clients and that's how we look at it. So we just listen and then lead with whatever capability meet those needs of a client. And to use an analogy that a colleague of mine says, if you're a hammer everything's a nail. And so the point is since we have such a broad range of capabilities, we actually can absolutely focus on what clients needs and so we don't look at them as competing with one another. We look at them as complementary to one another in helping clients get done what they need to.
Martin L. Flanagan: No. No, we're not. I mean, if anything I think PowerShares continues to be strong and I -- as we were talking a question or 2 ago, I mean, it's -- the factor investments is really taking hold, I'd say, maybe more so outside of the United States within institutions. And as you've heard Loren and I talk, quite frankly, there is a range of institutional investors in particular, if you want to use them as a, really, bellwether that are also very much investing long only equity capabilities along with fixed income and alternatives. So it's really quite broad environment at the moment. What the whole year looks like, I can't speak to, but that's just what we're seeing right now.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, 2 parts to that. I think, no question, I think the ECB move helped sentiment. I think the anchor right now is what's happening in Greece, and I think that's going to keep some volatility in the market until some greater clarity is there. So one's a positive and you'll probably -- you just have to mention that the Greece situation gets into something that's a manageable outcome but lots of noise in the meantime until that happens.
Martin L. Flanagan: So a couple things. So first of all, as you go back a number of years, we struggled with performance, investment performance lagging into the period of time. Now we've had, it's probably, 3 years of strong growth and that's been really important to get in place. So again, the first principle in place, have a range of capabilities performing well. So that's been a good sign and that's been really what moved Canada to almost as breakeven last year in the retail channel. It's always been broadening in the retail channel and PowerShares are in Canada and that has been another thing that has -- following the playbook that was used in the United States. It is broadening the things that we can do for our clients up there, so I think that's going to help a lot in the retail channel. The other opportunity for us is that we think that, that we should be able to do just much better in the institutional business in Canada. So again, a very important part of our business, some real talented people there with some good capabilities. And you are right, Canada, compared to I'd say almost anywhere in the world, maybe Brazil would be about the same, but the dominance of the banks is quite extraordinary.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well, I think you've hit it. I mean it's -- they like selling their products more than they like selling other people's products and yes, I mean, it's -- when I got into the business decades ago, I thought that would change and it's not changed a bit up there. So again, it just -- you really just have to continue to do a good job and just recognize the strength of the banks. And also you have to expand your range of offerings beyond what they would be doing themselves and that's what we're doing.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So it's, again, kind of [ph] in Europe is probably the strongest followed by the U.K. and again, Australia and emerging interest in Japan, which is again, I think relatively new and follow-on to sort of Abenomics and some interest in China.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well, again, on behalf of Loren and myself, thank you for attending, and thank you very much for the questions and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Sure, Michael. So at the end of the quarter, we had about $1.5 billion in cash versus about $1.35 billion last quarter. In our European subgroup, which is what we need to keep in terms of regulatory requirements, about $940 million of that is in that group. So we still need to hold a significant amount of cash in our European subgroup as you are well aware. I would say that phenomenon is here to stay and it's probably not going away anytime soon. In fact, generally, we think, just based on the regulatory environment, it's probably only going to get worse from here as opposed to better, so that's just a general sort of overarching comment. With that said, though, you should expect us to continue to follow the policies that we've been following. We want to build up some excess cash, about $1 billion over that subgroup level and it is something that -- is, again, self-imposed discipline that we're seeking to achieve. In terms of the seeding and the need for capital, those are elements that are still very much in sight for 2015. Given the number of opportunities that we have in the space of alternative products and alternative fixed income, which tend to use a fair amount of capital, real estate as well, we see an ongoing trend of some of our cash being dedicated to facilitate those flows and those products. In terms of the Religare opportunity to complete our ownership, that's an option that we have. We've certainly made no decision to do that at this point. But if we were ever to do it, it would be something probably in the order of magnitude of $150 million total cash needed. We would need to put $50 million just to have that ownership stake, it's required by India if you have more than 50% stake, you have to put in $50 million. So anyway, that's something that we can evaluate in the future.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, so the euro exposure is about half of what it is for the pound. The impacts are about half of what is for the pound, something we've looked at. We don't want to get overly complicated and get into a massive hedging strategy at this point. We think that the prudent thing was to put the pound in place and we'll evaluate that. We think that, that will really do the bulk of what we wanted to do in terms of protecting us from a further strengthening dollar.
Loren M. Starr: It was the middle of January, roughly. I don't know the exact date that we put it in place, but think of it mid-Jan.
Loren M. Starr: So in terms of performance fees, as we've talked about in the past, it is hard for us to forecast with any great accuracy because of the very strict accounting standards in terms of realizations and when we can reflect those things in our P&L. I mean, in terms of overall levels, because performance is strong in our products relative to what we saw last year, maybe we're sort of in that range again this year. But again, there's a lot of potential change that can come off that baseline based on what happens. And I do think in terms of the most line of sight, real estate seems to have probably the best opportunity to generate performance fees in some magnitude this year. They obviously contributed this last quarter, and we would hope to see more of that coming through in 2015. In terms of the Wilbur Ross, again, that is one where it's very much tied to kind of end-of-life of the funds. It's mathematical impossibility of any claw back is kind of the standard with which the accounting holds us to recognize on that one. And I could say quite honestly, I mean, the volatility around the carry in those funds can be quite significant. So again, that's something that we're going to keep our eyes on, but that we wouldn't be looking directly for any sort of realizations from Wilbur Ross in 2015 at this point in time. But again, some of the other parts of the business that we talked about are generating a bank loan and quant generating some good, consistent performance fees. So I think that will be there. And in terms of what we do with that, I mean, a lot of that does drop to the bottom line, right? And so it helps margin, it helps the business. But one of the things we've often said is that we don't want to sort of make a business on performance fees and sort of lock in long-term expenses against sort of things that are going to be tied to potentially things that won't -- revenue that won't recur. So we're very cautious about capturing that revenue when we think about our plans, when we think about our opportunities, investments that we tend to not count that in. In terms of where the cash goes, it will be part of the operating cash along with the rest of the operating cash that we generate. So we're going to continue to use it, but we don't earmark it specifically for one activity or another, it's sort of fungible in our operating cash.
Loren M. Starr: So Bill, so I think it's in the passive area, it's going to be probably overrated in the PowerShares traditional products, and we're seeing that. I don't have the January notice, but I think it's sort of the smart beta type of products that are doing well. In terms of UITs are doing well. Those are sort of passive products that get packaged through the broker-dealers. We're also seeing, as I mentioned, good strong flows in our cross-border products and it's the same kind of thing that we're seeing in terms of euro corporate bond, Pan European structured equity, GTR, Pan European high income, those products are doing quite well. I'd say institutional, generally, is showing up nicely. GTR is really a very bright spot, I think generally. I mean, Marty mentioned that it's now at $3 billion and growing. When we last spoke, I think we mentioned it was $1 billion. So it's really -- it's ramping up nicely and it's in -- prominently in our pipeline, our institutional pipeline. So again, more to come on that story as we get into the next quarter, but it's looking quite promising. So I think that's kind of the highlights in terms of where we're seeing. Now IBRA I'd say, also, just generally is sort of stabilizing to some of the things that have been sort of somewhat negatives on the flow picture, are we going to stabilize in the performance, and IBRA is really quite strong now, and so I think it is positioned to do much better. There was a sort of one small -- large institutional outflow in the quarter on IBRA. If you subtracted that one impact, you'd see this trend very clearly in terms of what IBRA is doing. So we're encouraged by that. And then on the flip side, the bank loan, ETF, which I think some people have talked about, that also seems to be generally stabilizing. I mean, it's still an outflow, but it's -- certainly the outflows are nothing that we can't manage and it's been managed quite effectively, and I think there's only about $5.5 billion in that product, just so people know.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think it's more one-off activity. Michael, again, there's always a little bit of noise and adjustments around some of these distribution things as things get trued up through the course of the year. So in terms of our net revenue yield guidance, that probably will be the best way for you to be normalizing that going forward.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, one of the things -- that if we do continue to get served up in very volatile markets where people are less prone to be putting money directly into active equities, I mean, some of our liquid alternative products, even though they are early days, have really strong performance. I mean, they are sort of top decile 1-year numbers, which again bodes well for the positioning of these products and then again, how they get taked on -- taken on by the distributors, that there's a lag, it takes a while to get through. But we're probably as well positioned as anybody to sort to be first-in-line as these things sort of come in. So again, we could probably do quite well under whatever environment comes our way.
Loren M. Starr: I don't think there's the same sort of first-mover advantage of being out there first with the nontransparent active ETF because it's all very specific to whatever investment team is managing it as opposed to capturing a particular space with an index. So that is one of these things that we probably going to remain vigilant but not necessarily being a first mover.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I've not heard -- only what I've personally read on this thing, so again, don't have any much insight as to how they're going.
Loren M. Starr: And the only thing I would say is the continued focus on, I mean, RDR is sort of an underpinning for sort of broader changes within the whole U.K. environment, the fact that we've gone out with a single transparent fee has been a very positive thing. I think we talked about that before, it affected some of our -- where our revenue showed up. But we're certainly at the forefront in terms of doing things that we think are going to be quite friendly for shareholders, for the IFAs who want to sell our products. And we think we're very well positioned with the brand. And the advertising that we put in place have been really helpful for our recognition and it's something that we expect to continue to do in 2015.
Loren M. Starr: I believe it's combination of both. I think our redemption rate is much lower and sales have come back in January.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. Look, I think you're right and I think that's not a new trend. I think if you look at equity preferences and fixed income preferences around the world, just using those 2 categories they have historically been different, they've been different for, I'd say, structural pension reasons is 1 level and frankly also people's risk tolerance. But you also are seeing some changes where if you just go to Japan, Abenomics has -- it is making a real change, where in the pension plans dominated by fixed income, Japanese bonds and some Japanese equities, there is absolutely movement into non-Japanese equities, non-Japanese fixed income. And so that is a very big change. But you're also seeing the preference towards equities outside of the States has probably been higher and with active managers in particular, and it's served them well. So that's what we're seeing and it's a good observation.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, so we tend to -- because we have fairly large portfolios particularly in the U.K. relative to the portfolio -- number of portfolio managers, there tends to be good scale there and good scale, better fees, higher fees than other parts -- in particular in the U.S., similar topic with Europe in terms of the fees. The margins in that region tend to be at the higher level relative to some of the other regions. So I'd say it is a margin topically, you described it, that is causing that ratio.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I mean, I think that we're still a little bit in the bubble of development, particularly as we rolled some of these capabilities out to different regions. It may be sort of the same type of capability but sort of see it in different regions. So I'd say that's sort of a continuation to 2015. I would expect, probably as we get into 2016, that would begin to slow down. But it's still early days. I mean, there are some things that we did in the liquid alternative world that were launched specifically in the U.S. and we're not fully rolled out everywhere, too. So again, I don't want to sort of get too ahead of what could be the case. Real estate, just as a theme, though, as we continue to grow, it's a very, very successful franchise that we've got here. And we think that we could do more in there, I mean they're obviously well established in U.S., becoming more and more established outside the U.S. That will continue to probably demand some amount of capital that is going to be consistent.
Loren M. Starr: I would say absolutely, I mean, unconstrained bonds. We think that we've developed some really, really fantastic products with our team. And again, just because of the newness of it, they really haven't been able to sort of get established. So I think there's probably quite a variety of fixed income capabilities that are yet to come and will position us in a very large market. So that's something that's in the future, probably a couple of years away still but something that, I think, will provide a lot of opportunity for flow and growth.
Loren M. Starr: And just, I mean, on that one there's a natural redemption rate against the large portfolio and so pre any changes, there was always sort of an ongoing outflow in those large portfolios. And it's gone back to those levels which are really de minimis now.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, Doug. Unfortunately, yes. The hedge is going to be reflected below the line other gains and losses, it'll be mark-to-market, so it's non-operating, I mean, it'll protect our cash, it will protect the bottom line EPS, but the operating will definitely be subject to whatever changes we might see around the yield. And certainly, expenses will move in line with revenues in the U.K. and in Europe largely. So it will certainly have that natural hedge. It's really the operating income that is still going to be exposed. And so again as we talked about in terms of the margin impact, a 10% decline is going to have 0.2, 0.3 basis points' degradation in margin, if you saw a 10% decline. So in any event, it's still on operating -- still are operating results will be exposed to FX.
Loren M. Starr: Absolutely. It will hit the income statement and it'll offset any operating income. So there'll be an offset that will even out EPS impact.
Loren M. Starr: Well, we certainly would hope that's the case. We put the options really just as protection against any further strengthening of the dollar. So we're not trying to do anything relative to where we are today. The floor is at 1.493. I think the pound is at 1.5 something, right now. So again, if we see the pound start to strengthen from here, my forecast around net revenue yields x performance fees would improve, which would certainly help margins and any estimates around earnings. So it's really -- we felt important just to protect us against any significant further strengthening of the dollar, which again I don't think there's anybody who really knows clearly what is going to happen in terms of that story. And so we just didn't want it to be an ongoing concern for our investors or for others, and so we sort of just kind of took that topic off the table.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So Gregg, thanks for the question. It was really 2 primary things. One you're quite familiar with, I think, in terms of IBRA. IBRA is booked into that category, so we've been seeing some strong outflows in the earlier part of 2014 progressively improving quarter-to-quarter. So again, we think from a trend perspective, that is on a good plane. We also saw just episodically, lower -- outflows in a European high income lower. So that was a balanced product, and so that was just kind of a onetime thing. So we don't think that there's anything this quarter on the balance side that's really worth saying that there's something fundamentally shifting other than we think there's a positive trend and we would expect to see balanced, sort of, go positive again.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. So just a little bit more on that, I mean, will it hit the income statement, though? The gain from the hedge or when...
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. And then I guess, just digging in a little deeper, I mean, obviously, it does create a little bit of noise in your numbers, but -- and my math could be wrong, but like the actual EPS impact doesn't seem too material. I mean, I know you're more vulnerable with pound weakness, but there is some element of matching on the expenses. So I guess, I'm just wondering, given -- looking in the rearview mirror, obviously, the currencies have come down a lot. But at this point, I mean, I'm just trying to think the methodology. I mean, is it sort of like something you guys are thinking, you know what, let's just take the currencies out of this, we don't want to make any bets on anything? Because I just -- just from that standpoint, I feel like maybe we're past a lot of this currency movement and maybe it doesn't make sense to do it at this time.
Douglas Sipkin: I got you. So effectively, you're protecting on more downside but if the pound did sort of change direction driven by whatever, you guys still look -- position for upside.
