Martin Flanagan: Yes, Glenn, great comments. You're right. I will say the flows this last quarter were quite huge. And there was fund stocking we're looking to when you have huge exposure to categories that are not                 so way to do product. We continue to build the capabilities that are going to see persistent growth over time. But I think your answer is something very different. Engagement model with wealth management platform just continues to evolve dramatically. And it's been very, very important for institutes to develop sort of much Solutions capability. So don't think of it just as institutional. Think of it as engagement with important FAs that exist within platforms. And that is, frankly, the first place we started. So that is an area that's -- that gains -- really starting to make difference, as I was talking about a few minutes ago.  I think the other thing that has been a very important thing evolving is building models for the platforms and having the ability to Solutions in our self-indexing capability to build models for the platforms, and that is also something that's very, very different. And we had visited a very important model in one of the important platforms. But to build the models, you literally have to have the component parts, right? So you literally need all major asset classes that you would imagine to be available within them all. And what we see happening in the future, more and more it's going to be Solutions engagement, building models, whether it be either through buys and not necessarily a discrete model profile. So those are capabilities that                 successful because they're really the most competitive and the largest asset pool in the world. And I think also, the other element is more and more the wealth management channels are looking to firms such themselves to help them be successful with the client base. And that has really done a very good job through Invesco consulting. So any one of those -- any combination of those is really going to be the difference maker. And again, I think, it's also important, not just active, but having capacity capabilities and factors and alternatives to give some totality of the offering. So hopefully, that's helpful in the engagement point that you're raising. 
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So I think -- just to reiterate Loren's point. It is also consistent with where the demand is, right? So you just saw outsized demand in fixed income. And again, lower fee dynamic than some of the international resets. It will be reflective of a fine demand in                . 
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments, and Greg can chime in too. What we've said for a good number of years, the reality is clients are using a combination of passive factor                 build portfolios. And so we have those capabilities. We're growing in all of those areas. And if you look over the years, they've grown quite dramatically. You need to align that also with what our clients are doing and what our platform is doing. They're using fewer and fewer money managers. And if you cannot offer the totality of the asset classes that they want, you're really going to be disadvantaged. And I'd say that becomes more relevant during this pandemic period where there is no question in my mind, clients are turning to their existing relationships and looking to do more with them. So I think this environment has accelerated that. And again, we can do more for clients, be more relevant for clients and we just -- it's been a very important part of our strategy, and I think it's been the right one. 
Martin Flanagan: Okay. Again, thank you, everybody, for joining us. Thanks for questions and the dialogue, and we'll talk with you soon. Have a good rest of the day. 
Allison Dukes: Sure. So I think probably most important to recognize about the CLO mark this quarter is that we noted it's on a 1-month lag. So that mark-to-market, it reflects the valuation at the end of May, would obviously decline substantially from where the valuation would have been at the end of February and what was reflected in our first quarter results. I think over the course of that time frame, the valuations fell probably 51% thereabout. And we would expect our third quarter mark would be reflected as of August 31. We know through June, CLO valuations have continued to improve. So I would expect some modest improvement from there, hard to predict, and we wouldn't want to predict, but we do think we took the majority of that pain and our losses there.  In terms of our equity and earnings and what comprises that, it's obviously our co-investments in CLOs, but also in private market funds, and it's about 75% of that mark came from CLOs and about 25% came from our private equity funds. 
Allison Dukes: So let me start -- thank you, let me start with third quarter expense guidance. I would say, again, some of what we've -- as I noted, some of what we've enjoyed thus far would be considered temporary in nature. I don't expect anything changes there in the third quarter as it relates to travel or in-person engagements. We are operating in a very consistent environment in the third quarter and like all of us don't really know when that ends. We would expect marketing expense, the advertising component of that might pick up modestly in third quarter. Those expenses can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. We're certainly not going dark. We're actively out there in the market with our clients virtually. And so I would expect that might be a little bit higher than what we saw this particular quarter. But net-net, our expenses will probably be somewhat in line quarter to quarter. And as we think about broader expense reviews, not at this point, what I feel like we're in a position to make any decisions around any sort of strategic decisions that would impact revenue. But rather, what we would be thinking about is looking at what I would consider all the typical areas you would expect us to review. And that would include organizational efficiency and effectiveness, real estate optimization, tech and office efficiency and third-party spends. So we'll be thinking about all those different expense categories and making sure that we're creating a really disciplined expense state to weather any revenue environment as we continue to progress. 
Allison Dukes: No. I think important to note in our expense guidance, both as it related to the guidance for second quarter and going forward, that was assuming market and FX levels at quarter end. So certainly, if there -- that could fluctuate, and there would be variability in several expense line items, compensation being the biggest driver should we have some sort of market improvement. So we would expect those to work in tandem. But absent any change, all things being equal, that's really what our expense guidance is based on. 
Allison Dukes: So what drove the improvement in second quarter versus first quarter relative to revenues? I mean, largely compensation expense concurrent with market as the average flows were a little bit better, but still relatively low, certainly relative to what we expected. And then a large part of that expense improvement was -- did come from G&A. And the suspension of travel and in-person engagement that is a significant driver of the expense reduction. And again, would be considered somewhat temporary in nature, although we're certainly not in a position to forecast what normal looks like anymore. 
Allison Dukes: Yes. And that would be both advertising expenses and some of the travel-related marketing expense. And some of that advertising, we would expect to be modestly higher going forward. 
Allison Dukes: Sorry, we didn't hear distribution at all. Distribution fees were abnormally low in the quarter given really the TA waivers, low activity, lower marketing support, which would just be related to a lot of the lower COVID-related activity, too. And we would expect some of those activity and fees to be a little bit higher in the third quarter, but it was unusually low in the third quarter. 
Allison Dukes: Sure. So yes, as noted, this quarter, we are at about $280 million in excess of our regulatory and liquidity requirements. We do have a target of trying to get to about $1 billion of cash in excess of those requirements, and we did make good progress this quarter as we continue to pay down the revolver and build those cash.  As we think about inside the quarter, any particular cash or capital requirements. Nothing that wouldn't be, I would say, quite obvious in terms of both our common and our preferred dividends. But otherwise, inside of the quarter, it's fairly straightforward from here. And our priorities are to continue to support our future growth, to strengthen our balance sheet and also to return excess cash to shareholders. And so as we think about that, we do seek to: one, continue to make progress towards this $1 billion excess cash target; two, continue to reinvest in the business in the form of seed capital; and three, remain committed to a sustainable dividend, returning capital to our shareholders. And then right now, as we've noted before, share repurchases aren't a priority at this moment as we continue to focus on delevering and improving our balance sheet. But they certainly are an option and one that we will keep front and center over time.  Our revolver balance is down to about $336 million. We did make about $180 million of progress there. We do seek to continue to manage that down over time. We don't have any other debt requirements coming up until our '22. So we've got some time before our next maturity. And we will be looking to just modestly improve our leverage over time and seek to keep ourselves within the targets that we set ourselves along with the rating agencies and financial flexibility we're trying to create for the uncertainty of the environment we're in.  It's a balance. I would say, it's taken in totality. We're trying to balance all these objectives. 
Allison Dukes: Yes. Thanks, Brennan. I would say it's your first guess, which is it should not be as significant as it was in the second quarter. And it is, as we talked about before, given mix shift, given client demand and where that client demand goes, it's very hard to predict, and we wouldn't want to fall in the trap of trying to over predict that. But we would not expect it to decline at the magnitude it did in second quarter, and we would expect it to be somewhat modestly lower. 
Allison Dukes: So yes, the remaining obligation on the forward is about $242 million. It does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter just based on stock price and that would be fully settled in April of next year. So we still got some time on that.  As it relates to any other cash flow, on the MLP matter, that is a complicated matter, and it is one that involves layers of accounting over the years, and it's going to take some time to work through. We don't expect there to be any cash obligation on that until late in '21 at this stage. 
Loren Starr: And Glenn, I would just say, our co-investments, it's all equity. So we have the lowest level in the stack. So it does move around quite a bit based on these kind of valuation mark-to-markets. But again, it's all unrealized, noncash flow.  And I think we have roughly, in terms of aggregate numbers, about $60 million of investment in the CLO equity as of end of May. 
Loren Starr: So Brian, yes, I'd say we are gaining more traction on the U.S. retail side. So it's definitely sort of an improving but still challenged environment. I think you have access, so you can see the flows on the ETFs that has definitely improved. I mean, it was steadily improving every single month within Q2 and through sort of mid- to late July, we've got $2.3 billion of positive long-term ETF flows. So we're seeing definitely some more traction. I think Allison kind of mentioned that. We think the overall flow picture is going to be improved generally relative to where we are in the first half, which is not saying much because of tough first half, but sort of signs of green shoots coming through. And certainly, as I mentioned, both EMEA and Asia Pac, everything outside the U.S. is definitely nicely positive at this point and continues to look to be so. 
Loren Starr: Pipeline -- pardon -- and so on the pipeline, we feel pretty good about the timing of the pipeline sort of funding generally within the next 2 or 3 quarters, I mean, that's generally what's happened. I mean there has been some slowdown in some of the, for example, more traditional real estate funding as that market is sort of -- obviously had to sort of readjust and we value on certain properties. But some of the other pipeline elements, which is sort of broad-based across the different capabilities, fixed income IQS and so forth, those are -- look like they're going to be funding within this year, for sure. 
Loren Starr: Yes. So again, just in terms of the QQQ announcement, I mean, I guess, to step back and we -- Invesco has already had a very long-term relationship with the NASDAQ by AUM. NASDAQ is the largest index partnership for Invesco's ETF business. In the U.S., we have 24 ETFs managed against NASDAQ indices, accounting for over $120 billion in aggregate assets. In fact, NASDAQ also plays a critical role as a calculation agent for our BulletShares index. But we're -- in terms of this particular announcement, we are not actually at liberty to discuss new offerings, specifically because we're in this quiet period. But what I would say is that this announcement and the addition of new funds to the "Invesco QQQ suite" really does show how we're strengthening our relationship between both Invesco and NASDAQ. So more to come on that one, Patrick. It's very exciting. But we can't really get into much detail because of just the timing of the registration. 
Loren Starr: And again, you'd mentioned marketing. So marketing was down significantly from $35 million in Q1 to $16.6 million in Q2, and so that was a big driver. 
Loren Starr: As Allison mentioned, I mean, the pipeline is going to record to levels, but it is largely sort of being enabled by kind of Solutions efforts as well as some index kind of capabilities, IQS. And those tend to be at a fairly low rate. So what we're seeing probably both on the institutional side as well as the retail side in terms of interest around lower fee products, ETFs is that -- I mean, this is a continuing trend that we've seen for years now. And so there isn't any sort of "stabilization." And what we did show, obviously, on one of the slides was, I mean, the actual fee rates on the products themselves are pretty stable. But just in terms of where the client demand is coming, it's largely around sort of these lower fee things. Now the margin on these capabilities are still very good. They're larger. They're bigger wins. And so you do have very fine margin dynamics, but it will sort of drive the free rate as sort of modestly lower sort of quarter-to-quarter, and it's hard for us to forecast. And we don't provide real guidance because it is really just a matter of time how these mandates fund and where the client demand comes from. I mean, if we were to see, for example, international emerging market capability coming back with strength, that would obviously have a very positive impact on fee rate right now that -- as we talked about, that's been sort of an outflow for the industry and we see that as well, and that tend to be a higher fee part of the mix. 
Loren Starr: So let's see. In terms of real estate, total AUM is about -- $80 billion of AUM is in real estate. I think about 2/3 of that is going to be direct real estate and the rest is securities. In terms of the pipeline, it is a good component of it, but it's not the majority. It is still a sort of multibillion element within that $34 billion. But what we're seeing in terms of the pipeline, it's being dominated more by the Solutions, which is really not necessarily real estate IQS type related mandate. So there's still a strong interest, but it's not one that is driving our pipeline. It is part of the growth, but it's not the majority of that growth.  The business as a whole is doing very well. There's been a lot of client outreach and sort of working through this new environment. There isn't an overexposure to sort of those hospitality elements per se. And globally, there are a couple of funds and a couple of sort of mandates that probably do have some degree of more exposure than others. But we are not sort of positioned on the outside of sort of our exposure to those types of mandates, which is a good thing. And so it has not had major impacts on our business at all. I would say the bigger topic is really just working through the tenants and the others, the clients to make sure that we continue to see income streams coming off of those properties, which we are -- we're still seeing strong income generation on those properties. So, so far, so good. We feel pretty comfortable that the business is continuing to grow. And as I mentioned, it is a component of our pipeline, but not the dominant one. 
Loren Starr: Yes. So the lower front-end fees, it's a small bit. I mean, it's been like $4 million difference quarter-to-quarter. So it's not a large amount. Those are elements that still get paid and are offset, though, on the other -- on the distribution pass-through. So it's not a major sort of margin topic. The transaction commissions and transaction -- real estate transaction fees were a component of the other revenue as well. As I talked about, things kind of slowed down, sort of the market was taken a pause in understanding valuations. So we did see sort of a bit of a dip in Q2 in other revenue. We would hope to see that line item begin to sort of at least stay at this level if not improved somewhat modestly into the next quarter. 
Loren Starr: Yes, Bill. I think right now, actually, very little is being waived. So we have, as you know, sort of traditionally all been really focused on the institutional money market business. And so we do have a very small retail component. And so to us, the idea of sort of fee waivers probably could be, worst-case, sort of $10 million to $20 million. We've not seen any of that sort of come through. So we continue to watch that space. But that would be kind of the math kind of pain that we would see. I don't think there's anything imminent in Q3 that we're sort of need to sort of put you on alert on, but it is sort of if you sort of stress test this even further, that's kind of the pain that we would suggest you... 
Loren Starr: Yes. So I mean, on an institutional basis, always, I think it's all competitively bid, and so there's always a threshold where it doesn't make sense. And so we generally walk away from things that don't make sense. What we are seeing though is more interest in using index products and sort of the -- which is, again, just a theme that we continue to see, which tends to be lower fee. And maybe not as much around active. So we are in a good position to be able to talk to clients about both and be able to serve them in a way that, again, could create a solution that might actually make the best of both for that client. So I'd say that does continue to sort of be part of the fabric of our discussions with clients, just generally fees, whether it's fixed income, equities, alternatives, it's all there. 
Loren Starr: Do you want me to -- okay. So I think just in terms of the title portfolio manager, I do think it's one that may mean different things in different contexts. So they are the named portfolio manager for these products, and every product needs to have a named portfolio manager. But in terms of sort of active bets and other things, it is more operational than it is sort of active selection. So I wouldn't get wrapped up in the terminology of PM. I do think in terms of what particularly happened there, again, we -- number one, take care of our clients. That's our first job always. And -- so that is what we did in terms of sort of correcting the impact on the fund and then ultimately, correcting the source of the error in terms of what happened, where we've moved operations to our existing center of excellence around that type of index rebalancing and other activity, which is done for the ETFs generally and they've had no issues whatsoever. And so all that has been moved over to that center. So in terms of kind of what we've been telling our clients and then trying to make sure that people understand is that, that particular has been addressed, and we feel good that we've taken care of clients overall. So again, we're not happy that it happened, but we do feel that it has been addressed. 
Loren Starr: Yes. Good question. I mean when we look at sort of likely to terminate that, that number is sort of lower than we've seen in a long time, too. So we are not seeing sort of a spike up in sort of redemptions line. It sort of offsets this growing pipeline that we've seen. So there's always -- it's hard to predict. And we've said, please don't take guidance or ask for guidance on redemptions because clients will just tell us and they are very much aware of their own circumstances, whether it's a middle -- say, it's a Middle East client who needs money for -- because oil prices or whatever it might be. I mean those types of things happen, and they're completely outside of our control. It's generally not a performance topic. It's often a client topic that drives that. And -- but you're right. I mean, we have seen some rebalancing and movement in the portfolios, as I imagine, given the change in environment was radically different post this COVID situation where some people are sort of taking sort of wait-and-see mode and maybe willing to put things into more liquid type of assets. Flip side too, in some cases, the most liquid assets are the ones that have been eliminated because they wanted to get it out. And so where they could take assets, they did. And in many cases, we had liquid alternative products that were sold. So there's a whole set of stories probably around each client redemption. So it's hard to sort of characterize them. It's not going to be easy. 
