Martin Flanagan: Great. Thank you, Loren. And in closing, as you can sense, we remain very focused on providing strong long-term investment performance to our clients which has been the contributing factor to the continued positive flows within our business. And now our attention very much is on delivering the value of the combined business to our clients, and as Loren noted we are experiencing strong momentum across the firm. So with that, we’ll open up to Q&A.
Martin Flanagan: I don’t think so is the answer. Now that said, we are very, very geared up and spending time with the key platforms and distributors, and decision-makers to walk them thorough the transaction. I mean it’s a very serious process and we’re proceeding very well. We’re getting very, very good feedback, but it is going to take its national course which is going to be quarter or two. But we’re on path to do what we said we did and the feedback has been positive.
Martin Flanagan: Let me just make clear about your comment though. What happened, it was a duplicated investment team and what we wanted to do is make sure that they had a home, and so we worked with that team to create a home. So very, very constructive and the very reason why we did that was the team was a good team and we didn’t want client disruption, and we thought that it was the exact right thing to do. So there was no lift out or nothing along those lines. So I just want to make that point very, very clear.
Martin Flanagan: When it tends to happen, it would be after the mergers are announced. So I think between announcements and ultimately the merger date. So, that would be fourth quarter this year, first quarter next year would be if history is a guide sort of when that tends to happen generally. But again, it will happen as it happens.
Martin Flanagan: No, they haven’t. So what are the communications with the distributors, that’s an overview of the combined organization, the depth and breadth of the investment capabilities, depth and breadth of the investment management teams performance, all of the same factors that that are normal along with communication of our ability to support their goals within their channels, and the broader deeper sales and support team is very, very important to them. So, it’s gone very, very well. So, the distributors as would know, they’re very talented, they are very thoughtful and they have a rigorous process that they would take any firm for themselves, it’s going extremely well. Again, they’re the client and they’re driving the bus, and so they’ll determine that timeframe, but it’s going very, very well.
Martin Flanagan: Let me make a couple broad comments. It’s hard to answer specifically, but let me just typically what happens by June 30, I’m going to call it, the strength of the combined firm, just not practically going to happen in this (inaudible). Previously, you go through a diligence process and the like, it will literally in my mind two to three quarters by the time you communicate the depth and breadth of the firm all the way down through the advisor channel, that’s just how long it takes it takes. It’s tens of thousands of advisors that you need to get in front of them and discuss why they are the depth and breadth of the firm. So the noise as you talk about it, the fund flow stuff, we’re trying to put a date out there. So as soon as the fund mergers are done, which we expect to be nine months to 12 months after the close that will be the noisiest period taken out of the system and reason why we say nine months to 12 months is there’s a shareholder vote, we can’t control that. So, we are very much on track with everything we control, and so it’s just an ongoing process. But what you’re seeing right now, again it’s very hard to separate market sentiment from parsing sort of a normal course. If you talk to advisors, literally from that May period, it wasn’t such a redemption topic that drove outflows. It was sales just dropped like a rock, people just froze. So, that is really what you’re seeing. Now, it’s really the normal process of people coming back through difficult markets determining when are they going to get back, engage, and take some exposure to the equity market. So, we have two very strong factors happening at the moment.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, Craig, it’s again very hard to do it at that level. Right now, we’re now in the typical process of fund by fund analysis and again, we had to go through the fund boards to get their support and approval, and open to shareholders. But the work that is done is based on some real experience that we have. So we’re just not pulling something out of air, but the channel that it comes from is largely the retail channel, it is mutual funds and it buys or sold channel products, so that’s where you’re going to see it. As I was mentioning, if history is a guide again, after you announce the mergers which would be probably into maybe the fourth quarter from that period almost till closing is when you see the redemptions. That’s why I was saying largely I think you’ll see them fourth quarter, first quarter next year would be the timing of it. I wish I could tell you how much when and what day, but just don’t know.
Martin Flanagan: For us Cynthia, again we don’t have fee waivers just because of the pricing of our products. So, that’s being fortunate for us as an organization. Just from the asset class generally it’s still strong believe, this is very, very good strong vehicle, serves a real purpose, and I think just looking at the level of assets in the money fund business with the current rate structures would conclude something is very positive there. I think there’s the outlook for growth, it’s going to largely be driven by change in the interest rate environment and I don’t think any of us are counting on that at the moment. And I think, structurally, there is a round of changes that went through the industry, we all think they were very, very positive. There is continued discussion of what are all the changes that need to be made have they have been made and that dialog continue to be open. But in total, we think, it’s a very good asset class, but don’t expect it to be growing until the interest rate environment change.
Martin Flanagan: Rob, I think the bulk of it is took place this quarter. I think there is still some more work that’s anticipated, but, I think the majority of the cost associated with it I think has been realized this quarter. It’s been an ongoing process. It didn’t lap in just this quarter. I think it has been process that’s been going on for a several quarters and it’s one that we feel really good about in terms of the benefits it will bring to the firm.
Martin Flanagan: I’ll need to say, we’re still very positive on the ETF business. Stating the obvious, right, it’s a growing business. It’s finding its place in the market with its advisors, in addition to portfolio managers and alike. So, our place has not changed, right. We are not trying to be sort of me to passive ETF provider, that space has been taken and again everything is in index, but again, you can create these indexes around investment processes and alike. So, it’s really the value-added ETFs and we think that’s going to continue to be a growing part of the business, and we’re very committed to it. From a strategic point of view, though, probably many, many people are trying to get into the business differently than a mutual fund, where you can pick a number, 200 of the same mandate mutual fund. That really is not possible with ETFs. Because you need a market maker and capital has to go about and so you really can have maybe a couple three, possibly four-like designed ETFs. So I think there is limited shelf space. Ultimately, I think that’s one of the other attractive things to that business. But we’re very pleased with where we are with the ETF business and we’re getting more and more traction. We’ve had some early success in Canada and we see other parts of the world where we will continue to make an impact.
Martin Flanagan: Less so, I mean for obvious reasons. I mean I think it’s just very typical whether to ignore the structure whether it’s ETF or the institutional separate account or the like. Where do you get the fee pressure? The greatest fee pressure tends to be in the area that tend to be like the passive-type mandate, so the more value you offer, the higher fee you can justify and that’s been the case so far.
Martin Flanagan: I think it’s been ongoing dialog with regulators for last number of years and I think so what was proposed is really no surprise to the industry is very much along the lines with what the SEC was working on. There are some elements that are positive I think in it. We are just naming conventions and also getting the directors out of a process that to approve something which it was a difficult thing to do. If you look at where the bulk of the industry sales have gone with the 25 basis point service fee, I don’t think you’re going to see a tremendous impact. There are some real operational challenges I think you’re going to see coming out of the comment period, I just don’t know that what’s being suggested can be done on any short period of time. So, that’s one topic, but it will be interesting to see what happens through the comment period, but I don’t see a tremendous shock to the system with this. I think, it’s pretty consistent with what people have been thinking.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I think, it was pretty similar experience, the feedback we had in different parts of the world too. I mean people were and maybe a little more in the United States, I think you had a combination of the states, and call it, the Greek ‘debt crisis’ along with flash crash, it really sort of struck investors in talking to different advisors and their volume just dropped dramatically. And as I mentioned earlier, it wasn’t so much a redemption thing, it was just stopping of sales or investments. And so that’s probably a little more difficult here, but you did see a slowdown in other retail markets. And again I’d still say investor confidence at an individual level is still wanting to take greater exposure, but very, very fickle and nervous at the moment.
Martin Flanagan: It’s a different process really and we’ve been having the conversations with the consultants and they are just very focused and aided the topic with every one of them, but we’re on a go forward basis with the vast majority of them. So for us, it’s really just building deeper success with their consultant channel.
Martin Flanagan: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks for everybody’s time and we’ll probably see a number of you this afternoon and look forward to that. Thank you very much.
Loren Starr: Ken, I think, we are pretty well there. Obviously, we weren’t able to extract everything, but because we had moved the business over and effectively had all the synergies, most of the synergies baked in from day one, I’d say we have probably 70% or a little bit higher of the synergies captured at day one.
Loren Starr: Again, I guess, we are always open to looking at the opportunity to deploy our capital obviously at shareholder value. I think, as we’ve expressed in the past, there is value in our minds to pay down the debt and build up some cash on the balance sheet, just given the uncertainties in markets. And I think everyone has sort of seen what volatile markets can do and having some cash on the balance sheet above what we’ve got right now is certainly a target of ours. If the stock price were to stay down for some period of time, we certainly would have that as one of things we’d be looking. But our capital priorities are still what they’ve always been, haven’t changed, and so we also do look at other opportunities to deploy our capital, which will include going on business and also acquisitions.
Loren Starr: Yes, there is really two things that drove that. You’ll see some of it in the passive category, so there is some commodity products that are ETFs that would show up there. There was about I think $2 billion of outflow or $1.5 billion of currency. It was really I think one of the products, was a currency product that’s showing up there. I think there was also roughly $1 billion of very low fee real estate, European real estate mandate that redeemed in the quarter that really would have very little impact on revenues. It was mostly based on transactional revenue in terms of where the profits were made, and I think that also would account for the bulk of that.
Loren Starr: I think, obviously, the pipeline is much better than it was a year ago. I think it is probably significantly better. It is still improving quarter-over-quarter, where we’re seeing strength, 15% plus strength, but really focused on the products that we’ve talked about in the past, which should be the alternative products but also barbelled with some of the things like stable value products. So again, I think we are reasonably optimistic for the rest of the year that this is a still stabilizing and improving situation and one that we’ll benefit from.
Loren Starr: I think, actually, that particular business was not included in our original guidance. I’m just trying to think which one. Actually, now I think it is. You got a very specific question there again, but I’ll tell you what, we’ll get back to you on that one, okay, because I don’t want to give you the wrong information off hand.
Loren Starr: So, Roger, no, I think we originally have $10 billion number just to update you and then we changed the guidance to the $5 billion for the first year after the acquisition. There is nothing that’s been notified. It’s really more a forward-looking view given the fund mergers that we have an expectation that will take place as we clean up our product line up. So there isn’t a specific account or anything that we can point to as part of that. So again, it has a potential to be better than what the $5 billion is out there. But right now, given the markets, we’re still sticking by the $5 million.
Loren Starr: I think it’s a pretty good run rate. Obviously as you said, multiply the one month by three, so there is seasonality. Obviously, that occurs first quarter and those types of things that we always talk about, but there is nothing exceptional that we haven’t called out and that I think I need to bring to your attention.
Loren Starr: Well, again, the performance fees in the fourth quarter have been largely focused on U.K. products and so the answer will really have to do with what the one-year numbers look for the U.K. At that point in time, obviously, the three and five numbers are quite strong. Again, so it will be performance-based. Is there a chance that we could see some performance fees? Yes, I mean there is. But again, I think that general guidance that we’ve provided right now is, it’s probably that would be a bit of bet that we’re going to get there in time to realize that performance fee. Longer-term, absolutely, we could see those things come back, but certainly for the near term we’re still on our planning right now. That we’re going to see a large performance in the fourth quarter from the U.K. even though I grant you their near-term performances really come back very strongly. Beyond that, there aren’t there many assets that have performance fees. The emerging class of product that would have performance fees would be some of the Wilbur Ross products, because they have carry associated with them. Again, in terms of the carry that we would get, it would be on the newer funds and on the funds that were launched after October of 2006, and that’s really Fund 4 and any future funds. We’re not quite at the point where we’re I think seeing realizations on those particular products. The gains that we took weren’t related to those products, they were related to other Wilbur products. So, again, I just want to make sure you don’t assume that we’re starting to see a lot of carry coming through some of those products yet. It’s too soon. So again, we do think that some of the performance fees you may have seen in the past also came from a quantitative group and so there is a potential there that we could see those come back, but right now given where the performance is, it’s not part of our planning that we’re going to see that come back this year. So again, hopefully, that helps you, again sort of to give you a sense of where they can come from.
Loren Starr: So again, in terms of the one month numbers for the EnCap, and I guess the point that I was saying was more of a conceptual one about noise. I mean I think we’re not at the point where we can go and drill down on the month's worth of the expenses and say what’s unusual based on travel patterns or other thing. I’m just saying that take these in with a grain of salt. This is just sort of informative as opposed to a detailed reconciliation. In terms of where the synergies are, again, the fact that we’re saying that we’ve achieved 70% of the run rate on the synergies they won I think is probably good in terms of where we want it to be. We hope to get the rest through the course of the year. So I think that means in my mind that we’re on track and obviously we just brought the business over, so we have a little time to move and get the rest of the synergies. So I guess in terms of your last point, Bill, I’m not sure if you’re saying that you think we’re not on track or…
Loren Starr: Yes, again, it’s just one month of data, so I view that as close enough in terms of where we expected it to be just to give the people a sense that we’re on track.
Loren Starr: Well, in terms of Fund IV, I think we are sort of not quite at the full 75%, but we have a pipeline of investments that eventually I think will clearly get us over the 75%, which would allow for future fund raise. In terms of Fund V, again we’re not at this point able to talk about this fund launch given the private placement rules, we really would not want to be commenting about size or anything of that nature.
Loren Starr: I mean, I guess, quarter-to-quarter there’s such a variety of things between tax payments and other things, I mean, it’s sort of an annualized view, when we look out with the full year behind us. We think that $900 billion of free cash flow generation is the number that we get when we do the modeling. That assumes kind of normal equity markets and it is of general continuation of positive investment performance and so forth.
Loren Starr: Well, our expectation is that we pay down the credit facility. Right now, we have about $650 million that’s borrowed against that, and that would be kind of one element in terms of debt reduction. Beyond that, we have no stated plans or further kind of thinking about further reducing debt or adding debt for that matter. As we feel comfortable with our situation right now, we have expressed certainly some desire to raise some more cash. We like to have somewhere around $800 million to $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Just generally, we think that that’s prudent to have a reserve when needed and not be reliant on capital markets when we need cash.
Loren Starr: Again, $5.5 million which we associated with the UIT business in the months is a reasonably high number in the sense of historically it’s probably a little bit higher than the norms. If you were to look going forward, would it be more of $5 million or $4.5 million, you know somewhere in that range. Probably, if you were to ask UIT folks, what they would say is a normal sort of run rate for them. Again, the way it works it’s a little complicated because of different fees and revenues based on what type of UITs you are generating, whether they are fixed income or equity. So, again, it would probably take more time than you probably want, and I have to go through exactly how worse. But the revenues are generated upfront on the sales, so they are not really based on ongoing management fees and the margins are very healthy with that business. It’s a very profitable business.
Loren Starr: Marc, I think it should be largely neutral. Obviously, it will depend ultimately on which funds we merge into, which are those funds and the matching up is still a process that we need to go through a dialog with the fund boards ultimately and once we get those understood, I’d be able to answer more fully. Obviously, it’s our expectation that it’s going to be fairly benign in terms of how the two fund ranges come together from a fee perspective, and obviously a positive ultimately for flows and certainly other expense ratios.
