Martin Flanagan: Thank you very much, and thank you for joining us today on the call. Just to point that out, that's Loren Starr, Invesco's CFO. And we'll be going through the first quarter results, and if you're so inclined, you can follow along to the presentation which is on our website. As is our practice, I will do a review of the business for the first quarter. Loren will go into greater detail of the financials. But also today, with us is Andrew Schlossberg who leads our EMEA business; and Dan Draper who leads our PowerShares ETF business, and they will help provide an overview of our efforts to further enhance our client offerings. And then of course, we'll get into Q&A. So let me begin with the first quarter. So if you happen to be following along, I'm on slide four of the debt. So let me highlight the first quarter results. Long-term investment performance remained strong, ending the quarter at 69% and 83% of assets ahead of peers on a three and five year basis. Our strong investment performance and our focus on providing outcome-oriented solutions to clients contributed to the strong long-term net inflows of $1.8 billion and an organic growth rate of 1% for the quarter. Adjusted operating margins for the quarter was 37.7%, and we returned $150 million to shareholders during the quarter through dividends. Based on strong fundamentals of our business, we're increasing our dividends to $0.29 per share. This represents a 3.6 increase over the prior period. Assets under management were $834 billion at the end of the quarter, up from $812 billion at the end of 2016. Adjusted operating income was $327 million for the quarter versus nearly $336 million in the prior quarter. Adjusted EPS for first quarter was $0.61, up from $0.59 in the prior quarter. We did not purchase any stock during the quarter instead using the available cash for the transaction – transactional discuss in just a few minutes. And before Loren get into the details of the financials, let me take a minute to review the investment performance and flows. I'm on page seven now. We continue to strengthen our investment platform to provide global expertise and support minimizing distractions for our investment professionals so they can focus on delivering investment outcomes to clients. Our strong investment performance during the quarter reflects these efforts with 69% of assets in the top half of peers in -- on a three-year basis, and 83% in the top half on a five-year basis. You'll see on page eight, passive flows are strong during the quarter while redemptions offset strong growth sales in active assets during the quarter. Flows into passive capabilities were driven by strong demand for PowerShares ETF with net inflows of more than $2.5 billion globally for the quarter. Although long-term flows were slightly negative on the active side, we saw strong demand for alternative capabilities, including senior loan products with more than $3 billion in net flows and GTR with nearly $2 billion in net flows during the quarter. Retail flows were solid during the quarter, reflecting continuous strength in PowerShares and GTR. Our pipeline of one, but not funded institutional opportunities remain strong, but the timing of those are spread out over the next several months. We saw solid demand for GTR in our senior loan products during the first quarter, continuation of recent trends. So with that as a backdrop, let me turn to Loren to review the financials.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So I agree with the points. I think one of the strengths that is becoming more evident is we have a 40-year track record in factor-based investing, and PowerShares is now over 11 years has been a meaningful contributor to us. As Dan pointed out, and Andrew, I mean, the ETF business actually in – on the continent is quite different. And we've been making efforts over the last number of years; more recently, turned our attention there. It's just a very different market and what Source does is it rapidly advances our presence there from where we were with scale, lots of talents. I think it would take us multiple years to get close to what Source offers on day one. And we think it has every elements of the great success that PowerShares brought to us over a decade ago.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. I'd say the headline that is active management is not easy, right? And I've made a comment that those that are strong active managers generating the returns that they're meant to will continue to do well. We are in an extended period of this beta run that we've all talked about. We still see great opportunity for active management, but let me get more specifically. I think from some of the fee cuts that you've seen, from the media in particular maybe the analyst community, very quick to extrapolate that price cuts is the answer to everything in the marketplace when I think when you actually look at it firm by firm, the price cuts announced by these firms have really been more substantial in nature relative to investment performance and the like and then in some just not being properly priced within the marketplace. And we believe the question is and always has been, our clients receiving value for money. And so we look at it, we have a spectrum from cap weighted indexes all the way through alternatives. And you pay more for value for money. And the only way that a client can ultimately generate excess returns, manage downside risk is with active. And so we think is really a combination of active passive and alternative is the right answer. I don't think the cut is slow. You have clients, and I think some and I think where you're going, Ken, some are future state of the industry where asset owners won't care about value for money. I just think that's false and it's the best way to generate returns for clients is a combination of active passive and alternatives. And I think within the context, value for many matters. If you're doing a good job, you're going to get paid for it. And that's not to ignore the industry pressures. And I think what I really focus on, Ken, is the enemy of active is not passive. The enemy of active is bad active managers. And so flushing out bad is probably a very good thing. And if you looked at our results over extended period of times, we've done a very good job generating value for money.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. Look, Ken, you and I and many on the phone have talked about this. Since I've been in the industry, there has been declarations of massive consolidation. I do think though this time, there are a set of factors in place that weren't in place before where scale does matter, largely driven by the cost coming out of the regulatory environments and the low rate environments, cyber and the like. You have to be, as a firm, you have to be able to invest in the future. And I think a number of smaller-sized firms are finding that hard. They can – they're really just investing and keeping up with certain regulatory environments, cyber and the like, and you just lose your competitive positioning. So getting to your question, intellectually, you would suggest that large-scale combinations make sense. The reason why we've not seen lots of consolidation in the industry is because it's very difficult. We are fiduciaries and taking care of clients comes first. And clients have choices and done poorly, it becomes a melting ice cube. And so I think consolidation for solely to – for cost saves is not the answer to success. If two firms get together and they're poorly performing, not doing a good job for their clients taking costs up doesn't do anything; in fact, I think it could probably accelerate client departures. So all in all, I guess my point is, intellectually, it makes sense. They're very difficult to do. I think there'll be fewer and farther in between just because people are wise enough to know how difficult it is. And I come to one more point and then I'll stop. We've been in the management team here for decades has been involved in various combinations of some of scale and you have to have the expertise of properly pulling firms together. And I think the other thing to pay attention to if firms don't have a history of success; it's another warning sign as far as I'm concerned.
Martin Flanagan: And I think relating to the question about the partnerships that Source has, a big foundation of the ETF industry has been a series of partnerships. And PowerShares, as we built it over time, also has a number of partnerships that it works with across all parts of the ecosystem I described. And so we're just getting to know all Source partnerships a bit better and spending time with them and the team and we're going to look to develop and expand them on many different levels but it's kind of an early days in those conversations.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, great question, Glenn. So we saw a variety of things kicking. Obviously, PowerShares generally continues to do very well so that's been a very strong contributor across a variety of asset classes variable rate prefer, we saw bank loans as well. We saw a lot of the strength in senior loans just generally I'd say the bank loan capability was in high demand as you can imagine in the quarter. But we continue to see strong interest in some of the products that are yield-oriented like diversified dividend. And GTR as well continue to flow very strongly. I think GTR, in total, is about $21 billion in size now. Again, both attractive as retail and institutional and continuing to find strength. Uni was another area where we saw high yield in Uni flow nicely. So those are some elements within the retail picture and one that I think has been good. I'd say on the flipside, just to explain, we did see some outflow in Inchinko that was the global, the U.S. REIT is about $1 billion out of Japan, actually $1.1 billion out. I think that's a temporary thing but that also sort of took a little bit away from the retail story. UITs, even though stronger, without $800 million again, so it has been an outflow and continues to be a little bit of a negative on the retail picture. The other thing that I would like to just mention since everyone expects it if I don't say it, it's a problem, is we are in positive flow through April. We have the latest April numbers. It's modest again it's certainly around $200 million in that range, a lot of which is driven a lot by PowerShares. PowerShares has been extremely strong through April. I think it's about $1.1 billion in aggregate, and that continues to flow, but also importantly, our cross-border business is doing very well in Europe, about $1 billion, and so some very strong elements within the second quarter shaping up.
Martin Flanagan: And let me just add, I don't know how with -- Loren did make a comment I just want to back to it. So we did pay substantially less than what's being bantered about in the media and I think that's important. And we're not disclosing the details for competitive reasons which you don't know. That said, you will see the financial impact of balance sheet cash flows, et cetera, in the not-too-distant future after we close so.
Martin Flanagan: And let me, Dan is making a really good point and I think it's something to pay attention to. Dan's fond of saying barriers to entry are very low, that barriers are very high. And it's actually there are very few firms that have decades of experience in factor base investing, have the long track records, and people look at fees, but the liquidity of the products matter an awful lot. And so the incumbents are in a much stronger position to continue to be successful going forward. And again, I think that's a very important dynamic that maybe doesn't get enough attention in the space.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah. I think it's really a function of the value for money we're able to create a lot of value for our client and that generally allows us to charge a somewhat higher fee, right? So in terms of the solutions and the alternatives, capabilities, I mean, those are the fastest-growing parts of our business. I'd say geographically too, I'm very pleased to see cross-border product being picked up, Europe just generally feels much healthier and that's a very important part of our business and one that tends to have a higher fee. Where we don't really focus on a lot of commoditized capabilities, ones that are in price war or we're having to cut fees and so we're not really having to deal with that dynamic within our mix. So I think, I mean, for those reasons and then we build it from the bottom up in terms of the sales forecast, the products that are really interesting to institutions and to retail are either in the alternative capability, bank loans, some real estate, GTR, these are things that are unique and differentiated, not everyone has those capabilities, and we are very good at managing those products. And then on the retail side, again, I think there's a lot of interest in bank loan and other products that provide uncorrelated returns like GTR, plus if we are able to provide some of our ETFs factor-based, I mean, these are again not commoditized ETFs, these are the ones that have tend to have higher fees and as I've discussed kind of have more than 30 basis point type of fee; those are very good margin dynamics as well. The other point I would just like to mention on fee rate, which is important for people to realize because they look at our numbers and they kind of sense that there's a lot of pressure on fee rate, there's been about a two basis point drop over the last two years excluding performance fees. I'd say 70% of that is just due to foreign exchange. And as we discussed, the 10% improvement in FX particularly say around the pound gives us about a 0.8 basis point lift and we're seeing the pound beginning to improve. So I'm not saying that the pound is going to – on their way up, but we are seeing some very favorable things within sort of foreign exchange is actually going to be net helpful for our fee rate going forward. And – so it's mix and it's hopefully nothing negative on FX and more positive on FX, those things should help us at least achieve the guidance that we talked about, where we’re reviewing the fee rate, pickup through the last half of the year, not do better.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah. I think, I mean, it goes back to 2015 when we started this thing where we benchmark a lot of our internal capabilities, and we wanted to see where we're operating kind of the best of the best in terms of the metrics. We challenge ourselves across any, I mean, there are a lot of different areas of the firm that got involved in this process, and they still are involved. And in certain cases we saw an opportunity to do better by centralizing to a single location, going to single processes using technology more effectively. And so that – part of that optimization work we did in certain cases say there are others who can do it better. And so, for example, we outsourced the private equity back-office, because we didn't think that we were going to be able to do – build the scale and be able to do it as cheaply and as effectively. So, I mean, that's the nature of the work that's being done. I think in terms of other large parts of the organization, looking at that, those definitely in scope. And I think that is absolutely part of the 50 million that we're talking about. I don't want to get into too much specifics right now because we're still in the midst of it. And then unfortunately, it's taken a little bit longer as all these large projects do to fully understand, but no question when we get to a point of announcement, you'll know about it as we sort of get to certainty. So hopefully, I know it does not exactly answer your question, but that's definitely part of it.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, with regard to DOL, I don't know if I can -- those were great insights, but I think we pretty consistently, the 60-day delay was not very helpful, right? The people are anticipating that ultimately there will be delay, and the incoming Chairman of the SEC made a comment recently that the best outcome would be a comprehensive fiduciary rule for the industry. We are very supportive of that idea, but we're a long way from that. So ourselves and our distribution partners are continuing to be prepared for the fiduciary rule to go to in affect, some version of what it is right now. And again I think people are hopeful that there's something different, but it's just an awkward time for that. Probably more importantly though -- I think the most important dynamic to come back to is there is a movement that will not stop and that is the movement to advisory and distribution partners view that as the future, they view that as the best way to provide services to their clients and every money manager will participate in that movement. So we're managing our business accordingly. And I think that's probably the main headline that you should probably focus on. So behaviors will not change.
Martin Flanagan: I think you can assume as an upfront payment with some contingent earnout based on growth. I wouldn't characterize it exactly like PowerShares, but I mean, conceptually, yes.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. I'd say the debate is most acute in the United States, and it probably is because of the relative size of the cap-weighted index providers in the United States. And but it is -- let me put it this way, what we are doing as a firm is we do actually believe that right answers are a combination of active passive and alternatives, and we'll just overlay that Loren was talking about, and we do think it's the way of the future, and it will be varying degrees in different markets. And probably again most acute in United States, probably followed by the U.K. The least along those ways would be Asia at the moment.
Martin Flanagan: Let me stand a point again that we again talked about it at various times on these calls. And let's get back to it, Ken's comment earlier on the call about the M&A environment. This is probably the worst time for firms not to invest in the future. And the good news is we started investing more than a decade ago in alternatives and passive and in ETF business et cetera, et cetera. And so we've been able to continue to invest while still being very responsible in delivering returns for shareholders. And Loren raised a very good point so the efficiency that we gained, it is allowing us to continue to develop the business strategically today. And obviously one comment on Jemstep, we're relatively, so a year into it. The highlight, what I would say is we're going to be much more impactful than we probably imagined at the time. It is creating opportunities that we didn't even imagine. And again, it feels like it was all the opportunities for what PowerShares did for us 11 years ago when we bought it. And again, we'll be more clear later in the year on that. But you have to make those strategic investments and when you end up getting some of the outcomes, which might accrue with something like Jemstep, I think that's what creates competitive advantages for firms and the ability to do better jobs for your clients.
Martin Flanagan: So what I would say for ourselves is, we have an absolutely outstanding set of investors in EMEA, I'd say some investors quite frankly in the world, and Andrew talked about the success and penetration, and that only happens because of doing a good job for clients. We look at this probably very similar to again what happened in the United States if these are complementary vehicles and products to active management, and all it did for us was strengthen our core business. And so we see our active business only getting stronger on the back of this. And needless to say, we're very excited about the future and the opportunity.
Martin Flanagan: Well, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody for your time and the questions, and as always, so we appreciate your time and your efforts following the company. We'll speak to you very soon.
Andrew Schlossberg: Thank you, Marty. This is Andrew Schlossberg and I lead our business here in EMEA. And I'll pickup on page 16 of the materials that were distributed. As many of you know, we have a strong and highly regarded position across the markets here in EMEA. We built that platform through our investment reputation here over many, many years, maintaining a strong and consistent investment culture that's been built by the depth and tenure of our investment teams here, clear philosophies and consistent processes. And all of these has enabled us to deliver top-tier returns for our clients with 88% of our client AUM in the region performing in the top half of peers over the past five years. As a result, we've developed a diverse all-weather products range that is well positioned to meet client needs across asset classes and markets, and our brand, as such, is highly rated in the region and our market penetration has expanded over time. We're currently number two in the U. K. retail market, and we're growing in Continental Europe, where we've been – where we're ranked in the top 10 within 8 of the markets on the continent. We continue to see growth despite – in the region despite the volatility of Brexit and other macro headwinds. Notably, our net flows in the region here in EMEA have actually – were actually up $2.1 billion in positive net flows since last June 23, 2016, in the U.K., when the Brexit referendum was announced, so growing at a decent clip. Furthermore, the diversity and the strength in our business has allowed us to achieve March ending AUM this year as measured in British pound that's set a high watermark for us in the EMEA region as a whole and in each of our respective client channels across institutional U.K. retail and across other retail businesses, respectively. I call your attention to page 17 in the presentation deck. And core to our long-term strategy is really being focused on markets and channels where we believe we can be highly relevant while maintaining a close proximity to our clients and innovating with the broad range of capabilities that will meet their demand. And over the past five years, we've been able to maintain our quality while growing, as I just referenced to high watermarks, and diversifying our business as you can see on this chart here. Notably, you can see on the left-hand side of the chart that we have maintained leadership in the U.K. which has been a dominant position for us, while also expanding our AUM in EMEA ex with the U.K. from 45% five years ago to 60% of our regional client and AUM today. Furthermore, as you'll see in the middle part of the chart, we are more evenly balanced between fixed income and equities, and we've rapidly grown our multi-asset and alternative capabilities in the region which now represent nearly one-third of our assets under management for clients in the region. Finally, you'll see on the right-hand chart that from a client channel perspective, we've increased our relevance in the institutional markets and we've broadened our retail strength beyond just the U.K. to even more robust pan-European retail profile over the last five years. And while – I'll say while we're pleased with the strong foundation that we've built, we believe there's exceptional growth potential in the region for asset managers that are focused on being truly active and factor strategies asset managers that provide exceptional in-market client service and maintain scalable platforms to manage through dynamic markets, no doubt, in this part of the world. So with that, let me hand it over to Dan Draper, who will expand a bit more on our factor and ETF profile in particular.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. And I think maybe in the release, we bifurcated the numbers just to give clarity. It's about US18 billion in managed AUM by the Source team and $7 billion in this – in the platform assets that are being referred to that are largely managed by PIMCO. And there's probably two things to keep in mind. One is the relationship between Source and PIMCO without getting into all the details, the revenue stream that's generated by Source in that relationship is relatively small. And Source plays a very distinct role around the product and PIMCO and other. And so those, as I said, the relationship and the discussion, we need to get into it more. And it's really our whole decision on the product line and the partnership is going to be guided by clients and by investors. And our focus is going to be on them in the first instance. And we'll work through the issues from there, but I did want to point out but it is a relatively small revenue source.
Andrew Schlossberg: And maybe it's in the context of – we just look at process improvement generating efficiencies and effectiveness as a core activity of the firm, always has been, always will be, and there's no end date to things like that. And again, I think good progress to date, but we'll just continue to embrace the best talent and technologies available.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah, maybe I'll start, Dan, then you can pick up from your end. As I mentioned the product, the product line from Source is robust and diverse. Complements lots of aspects of what we do globally with PowerShares, I think it creates a set of building block products that we can take directly to our clients as we normally would. Also as the growth of solutions both internally here at Invesco and multi-asset strategies in general across the industry grow, ETFs factor strategies and in particular, the source of ETFs that Source and PowerShares have, we think we're going to be growing parts of those solutions. And so we see opportunity to leverage these building blocks that way. Dan, you might want to pick up on other growth opportunities on the ETF side and maybe the brand too.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, I think again we'll probably in a position to give you a bit more color about how that might mend itself. We've generated about, as I mentioned, roughly $30 million of run rate savings so far. You haven't seen a lot of that drop to the bottom-line that's because it helped to offset some of the acquisition cost associated with Jemstep and with our Religare business. So again, it is more likely than not that some of that is going to go to allow us to invest beyond our most critical investments while keeping expenses reasonably stable and flat. So that's really the greatest opportunity for us is to free up funding as we always have done, but in a much more significant way as the need to invest is probably greater in this market that we've ever seen before with so much opportunities and so much change. And so again, we'll give you more color as we probably get to midyear around what to expect and then Marty…
Dan Draper: Thank you, Andrew. I'm Dan Draper, and I head up the PowerShare ETF Business. Based on more than 40 years of experience, Invesco is a market leader in factor investing and then as you'll see on slide 18, we have more than $175 billion in assets under management in terms of factors. We're the fourth largest ETF provider globally, and have significant market positions in quantitative strategy and unitrust businesses. Our expertise, product breadth and global profile provide a number of key competitive advantages. First, we're diverse. Time-tested and have across in our investment strategies. Number two is we have experienced product specialists and tremendous field wholesaler depth and three, strong global profile with key strengths in key markets. If you move over to slide 19, I really want to use this chart to compare kind of growth and give you some idea of the EMEA ETF growth market compared to the U.S. And as you'll see, the EMEA ETF market is one of the fastest growing areas in asset management today. And as you'll see again on this slide, basically the growth trajectory in EMEA ETF as you see on the left chart and then we overlay that with the historical growth in the U.S. on the chart on the right hand on slide 19, you can really see a very common pattern. There may be an approximate seven-year lag in that chart on the right but you can really see the growth that has been experienced. So it's overall, ETFs in EMEA have grown at a 23% compounded annual growth rate since 2005. And as Morningstar states here, it's projected to reach $1 trillion by the end of the decade. I think with that, I'll turn it back to you, Marty.
Dan Draper: No, I just think exactly what you described. What I would say it's crucial difference between Europe and U.S. again comparable growth rates. But the fact is that the institutional market demand really dominates in Europe versus the financial adviser and intermediate retail demand in the U.S. has really grown. So I think that's really where, if you will, the buy versus build or especially the inorganic approach to Europe, really something you have consider much more so as you're able to show up in the markets that Andrew mentioned at scale and have large enough products in front of institutional clients who can really buy into that. So I think that's a crucial difference.
Dan Draper: I'll just add anecdotally that, I mean, you look year-to-date Source has contributed with our strong inflows, net inflows and they launched particularly commodity product at the beginning of the year and it's proven to be very popular. So we continue to see just ongoing growth in Source business.
Dan Draper: Yeah. Sure, Marty. I think just to differentiate from kind of the market cap for both beta space, and if you look where I think smart beta and factor products really found a strong place with fee-based advisers who are really focused on client outcomes and solutions. So I think that's what's interesting. If you take that kind of end solution which again a lot of regulators around the world are kind of pushing, that kind of fiduciary standard, then if you think about portfolio completion, it's really, as Marty said from the beginning, it's the kind of the products that add value in the outcome. So I think that along with the Invesco solutions business focusing on giving better asset allocation advice, that's where positioning smart beta products like low volatility or products that generate higher income or perhaps a better quality, this is really where I think the smart beta tilts, if you will, really start to have impact. And never say never but I think that's where once you look at the value add of those products compared to frankly just kind of a core market cap-weighted approach, that's really where you're getting either some combination of better returns or lower risks. And again, I think this is as the world moves to again this more kind of fee-based advisory type world, that's where the placement and use of those smart beta products really come into play. And I what I'd also just add at PowerShares specifically, we've been doing versions of smart beta factor investing before those terms were around for over 13 years. And so I think when you're bringing these kind of new one strategies rather than relying on back testing, you need to have the track record, the size, liquidity that investors are looking for when they're putting a solution together and just a reminder, over 70% of our U.S. smart beta range has more than a five-year history.
Dan Draper: Sure. I think in terms of just global synergies, you think that starting at a product range level we see a lot of potential, the combining on both sides whether it's in EMEA or actually back in the U.S. I think clearly the U.S. market is a little bit ahead in terms of smart beta and specifically factor investing. So clearly for us to be able to globalize a lot of our success and low volatility, quality, all those different factor and even factor combinations, high dividend, low volume what have you, as we've down to continue to take that and then you really look at the upscale distribution of Source, that's pretty exciting. And then if you actually look at Source, some very unique products on their side, for example, a leadership position in commodities within Europe, particularly in precious metals. And again, that's something where in we have a very big commodity platform in the U.S. but we don't have precious metals. So the product line synergies really work, we think, on both sides over the Atlantic. I think in terms of brand, obviously, we just signed the agreement a number of hours ago. I think clearly, we want to be able to kind of transition through that and really consider what makes the most sense. But I think absolutely, thinking from an Invesco perspective, we tend to really want to get the maximum efficiency and scalability from the global platform, most notably portfolio management products, capital markets, operations; all those areas we think are big differentiators and ultimately if executed well can really improve operating leverage for Invesco.
Dan Draper: Yes. And I would say around GTR, particularly I think as we mentioned the GTR product has reached a year track record at the end of last year, which puts it into the position of being able to use in U.S. platforms having a lot of dialogue, lot of engagements on the product. I think there still unfortunately really the derivative rule that would inquire to understand is the product going to be able to be used in the current form. It's still not definitively -- yet, and so that's been a little bit of a headwind on moving forward, but there's a lot of enthusiasm and excited about being able to bring the product into the U.S. channel as soon as that becomes more and more -- so definitely they are waiting but again, there's general delay around regulatory certainties, is not going to help.
Dan Draper: US equity is in positive flow if you take the PowerShares, but yes, excluding PowerShares slight negative outflow.
Dan Draper: Yes. I was just going to say, well, if you think about the – as you mentioned the five investment banks actually formed, and you're right, formed the company and then later Warburg Pincus bought a majority stake. I think if you look in practice, the AUM that would have been held and remember, these were the investment banking arms of these five investment banks that they would just normally hold maybe seeding and inventory for the trading and their market-making purposes. So aside from that, there wouldn't be strategic holdings coming from that, so just like not only those banks but other market-makers as well would normally hold some level of inventory for market-making purposes.
Loren Starr: So I think you're going to see and you've seen it a little bit in the first quarter just normal flexing due to incentive compensation growing as operating income grows. You also saw, or you will see probably as we move into the second quarter impacts around foreign exchange, right? So those are the things that I'd say are going to happen just naturally and mechanically. In terms of the guidance right now, I think, we're sort of generally saying that what we put in place in the last quarter call stays right now. And maybe we'll be in a position to provide a more thorough and robust update midyear, particularly after the Source transaction is closer in terms of happening. So but I mean we're pretty much on our path to continue along the strategy that we've described in the past. And so there is no big change or need to adjust kinds at this point. I think around UIT business, where the only thing we got a little surprised on, on the upside was better revenues around UIT than we originally anticipated. I would like to – I'd like to believe although I don't at this point that that's a continuing trend right now. I think we're happy to see that, maybe we'll continue. It’s still too early to say definitively that the UIT business is going to sort of pullout yet, the DOL rules are still very much in flux and now people are reacting to them are still in flux. But I would say that's probably a greater level of uncertainty around the revenue line item than we had in the past with some potential upside.
Loren Starr: Hey, Glen, it's Loren. Yes, the – I think of it as just sometimes as we've seen lumpiness in timing. Some of the elements within the quarter that I think kind of stood out on the downside, there was about $1 billion withdrawal with the commonwealth-related situation. So I don't think people understand that dynamic but that was kind of a one-off thing that hits EMEA and equities. We also saw about a $700 million Japanese passive real estate, a very low-fee outflow in the quarter. And then there was about $1.2 billion of quant outflow that cut across Asia-Pac and Continental Europe all in equities going active, so that's kind of a little bit of highlights on what just happened that took that quarter down. In terms of the pipeline though, I mean it's actually very robust. The revenue yield is definitely at a level we haven't seen in a long time. I mean, really, really high, highest that we've seen in the last five quarters for sure. And so the revenue run rate is right in line with what we saw last quarter. And so I think again, just in terms of timeliness, I'd say the second quarter is probably going to be much more robust than we saw in the first quarter just because of the way we report.
Loren Starr: Qualified opportunities at an all-time high, which is again you can't bank those, but those are the ones where our team comes out and says the prospects seem quite viable and seasonal so.
Loren Starr: I think the reality is I mean, it's probably a little bit of a pause I think we've talked about some substantial feeding, $200 million-ish net increase and then obviously this transaction which incidentally I know a question will come up, is substantially less than the number that's been discussed in the media in terms of the prices but there's obviously a real cash need to fund that. The good news is that it's all been drawn out of existing cash out of the European subgroup. So there's no need for us to draw down and finance that other than using existing capital in our European business that's already there. So I think the general message will be it is business as usual around our capital policy and our implementation of the capital policy other than sort of probably just first half of the year, and then we'll will take it off obviously and [ph] some more thoughts. The other thing I would say is we will continue to be opportunistic. But that doesn't mean we're not doing any buyback this quarter, forget about it, I mean, if we see opportunity, we'll absolutely be opportunistic as we always have been because we're not sort of living quarter-to-quarter, right, but some pause sort of restriction on use of cash.
Loren Starr: Yes. For the fee rates, there's obviously a big difference between the Source-managed assets and the externally managed assets. So of the $18 billion which was Source-managed, that's roughly 30, 31 basis points in line roughly with kind of where PowerShares is. Again this is a very good fee. On the $7 billion externally managed, it's about six basis points that comes to Source, and so that averages about 24 basis points in aggregate across the $25 billion. And then in terms of the growth prospects, maybe Andrew or Dan can talk about it.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean, I think, we will probably be in a position to provide some guidance midyear, specifically around some of the elements, revenues and costs. I think it's obviously we need to develop a plan around the growth, but it is more of a revenue growth opportunity than a synergy discussion for sure. There's not an anticipation of that synergies being extracted because we really think that this is going to provide us with a platform to grow. So again, I think that that's why there's no immediate accretion expectations and it's really just how quickly can we grow the business which is obviously -- our expectation is to grow it rapidly.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Looking for a little more color on the institutional side, I think this was one of the lower gross sales and flows quarters for a while. I’m curious if you're seeing trends like in-sourcing and going passive like we've seen in some other places? But also you mentioned the one but not yet funded pipeline is pretty good, and I don't know if you can throw numbers at that, but I'll appreciate it? Thank you.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. I just want to add, yes, so continues to be an area where I have just growing confidence in its contribution to the business in time for all the reasons we've talked about. So the leadership is in place, the breadth and capabilities that we have, so I just look at it as being really just a continued relatively rapidly more growing part of our business. And as we all know, we all wish things were neat and happened quarter-by-quarter, but it's just happened that way with institutions as you know. But the picture for the whole year looks very, very strong and we expect it to just and strengthening, and it will just get stronger next year too.
Glenn Schorr: Excellent! Maybe a follow-up is thankfully the exact opposite question on the retail side. You had 20%-ish growth sales growth over last year, then last year is we're a quarter, but still it's a good number here to high there as well. You mentioned GTR but I'm curious, A, what else drove the strength? And B, can it sustain itself? April seems like a good environment so far.
