Loren Starr: This presentation and comments made in the associated conference call today may include forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include information concerning future results of our operations, expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures, industry or market conditions, AUM, geopolitical events and their potential impact on the company, acquisitions and divestitures, debt and our ability to obtain additional financing or make payments, regulatory developments, demand for and pricing of our products and other aspects of our business or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are not guarantees and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, filed with the SEC. You may obtain these reports from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update the information in any public disclosure if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate.
Loren Starr: I mean just a little bit more color, I mean in Asia Pac we are seeing significant flows coming in, particularly into Japan [indiscernible] has a big winner there. We are also seeing China mutual funds flows in our joint venture providing good lift and that’s been pretty consistent. In continental Europe net flows continue to really be a little bit mix but our GTR product in particular just every quarter continues to grow both in the UK and in continental Europe. So that’s a continued trend and we are very excited about some of the new product introductions FYI in terms of income oriented products that is similar to GTR product. In the US, it has been sort of a mix of things we are seeing very strong take on products like our diversified dividend product, our core bond plus fund is doing very well and then certainly ETFs, very strong flow into senior loan products and another fixed income products. So I think we are third most successful ETF provider in fixed income year-to-date in the US. So that’s a trend. And then some of that in the [indiscernible] has been some outflows in some of the other products that are more value oriented that have seen performance tick down a little bit. Hopefully that gives you some good color.
Loren Starr: So, good questions. So, on the other revenues, that was specifically just for Q4 guidance, we don't think it’s really a trend. Obviously, it moves around, it's hard to predict and we've seen that line can be somewhat volatile based on timing, just in terms of transactions happening, they can lump up in a particular quarter or be a little bit absent in the quarter. And then certainly when there is more volatility uncertainty in the markets, you can see that number, there is a slowdown, there is a component of our UIT sales that has slowed down, just in line of - in respect to the DOL, uncertainties. And so I think that is something that should hopefully begin to be more clear as to whether that's the true run rate or whether it can come back. But I think right now, we’re looking quarter-to-quarter on that line item. So that’s it. In terms of expenses, is there more to be done, I mean, there is always more that can be done. We’re continuing to look beyond some of the things that we identified in the optimization to see if there are other sort of larger opportunities that can be realized into 2017. As we all know, when we get into our - looking out three years and understanding the need for our incremental margins to be where we want them to be, we have to continue to look and find ways to organize ourselves in a way that would provide that outcome. So I would say there is more to come on that to the extent that we can identify them, but certainly in the near-term, in terms of the optimization, we are eagerly going after those.
Loren Starr: Michael, maybe one more point because I know your question with legitimate, but I think we’re spending more time honestly thinking about ways that we are going to grow revenues as opposed to we’re going to be in a position where we’re having to cut costs, so we’re continuing to invest around new product introductions, continue to strengthen our capabilities. As Marty has mentioned, I mean we think we are well-positioned to actually succeed in this environment. And so that’s really been our focus and being able to grow organically in that 3% to 5% range I think should provide us with the ability to continue to expand margins going forward and we are not sort of looking defensively to protect ourselves. We are, I think, thinking about the opportunities to grow in this market.
Loren Starr: Yeah. I mean it’s all positive. So we’re continuing to see institutional pipeline at a much higher revenue yield coming in and what's coming out in terms of the mix generally of the products on the retail side. Asia, China, very positive relative to the overall fee rate for the firm. So, that which would make you think while the fee rate must be going up has been offset obviously due to the FX impacts because obviously the pound has declined even further from where we were in the third quarter and that's why it’s in this flattish kind of range. But again, the trends that have been there for a long time are still there in terms of the types of products that we’re offering more alternatives, I think that it do support a higher fee rate are absolutely still there. And so we feel that it’s not necessarily a situation at all where we’re going to see the mix being anything but a positive for us. Other than the FX which we can't control and certainly in our operating results, you are seeing that and so people shouldn't read too much into the US dollar numbers.
Loren Starr: It's hard to answer that question. I would say what is a truism across-the-board, you would get the feedback that the pace to advisory account will pick up at a material rate driven by the DOL, but again I think that's consistent with the direction of travel that has been in place and, but again, you see cross currents in that, right. So Morgan Stanley has, I think, they are going to support both channels, right, but that said, their advisory business has been growing quite dramatically and it will continue to. So it’s hard to size, but I think if you look back five years from now, the predominance of assets will be in advisory. I think that's a fair conclusion to draw.
Loren Starr: Yes. So interesting perspective. I think the answer is more along this line. I don't think the demand for support is going to go down, it will probably only go up. But it will be different and so if you go back 10 years ago, if the role of a wholesaler was to, here is a great fund and here is why you should put it in your portfolio, it has a great long term track record, it is in that grade, the nature of the support is going to be very different and the field support if you want to call it that will be much more of individual’s focus on solutions and how - as they are working on their asset allocation, how do you help them build a portfolio range of different investment capabilities, the range of different vehicles that would meet their need. So it would be a very different type of support. So what you can’t size right now is it doesn’t stay the same, but just different skill sets or is there a sort of a size issue that you're talking about and I’d say it’s too early to conclude whether or not there are real cost savings there. My instincts would be the demand for the support is going to be there, but it’s going to be different. So the cost savings opportunity might not necessarily be there, which then gets you back to the prior questions that again if you’re not a firm with resource and capabilities to support the client, you’re extremely disadvantaged in this environment going forward.
Loren Starr: I think their impact is probably going to be the share class that gets introduced, as we've seen sort of both costs, share classes that are stripped down, don't have transfer agency costs, all these things, I mean that's going to be the biggest sort of near-term impact, but I mean obviously the management team is going to get looked at as well.
Marty Flanagan: Good questions. So I’ll make some comments and ask Loren to come for some of the more specifics. So Asia-Pacific in particular is having a tremendous year both retail and institutional and it is also very broad base there. EMEA continues to be strong for us, we've had that the Brexit and some of the challenges on the continent. Generally it is lower than what we had seen previously but the UK would have really come back from that reserve, the Brexit low but again not robust that inflows as we saw a year ago. But again I think we feel we are on track. In the States with regard to DOL rule, it’s hard to point to the behavior with anything to do with the DOL. I think it’s still more the active passive debate that’s really probably driving behavior more than anything right now. Will it change going forward, it will definitely put an awful lot of money in motion in the US retail channel, there is just no question in my mind as people make the changes from brokerage to advisory and as brokers narrow the platform of money managers and so what that sets up there will definitely be winners and losers and again I think those firms with the breadth of capabilities of both active and passive capabilities are going to be the ones that do well lot of it. Loren you want a little more.
Marty Flanagan: So a good question. So we have an SME capability have for a long, long, long time like many people. So again it’s not limited to at all a limitation for us. So we would like to look at it as another vehicle offering to deliver our investment capabilities and again that would be I agree with you it is a need that firms are going to have, they don't have it.
Marty Flanagan: I don’t want to get ahead of what announcements have been made and not been made because I'm not sure what's public and what's not, it does seem and it's only been different firm by firm. So I think that’s the first point, I think so often when we have these conversations we think it is going to be a generic outcome and it’s not. And as I said, if you just look at where Merrill Lynch is going where Edward Jones seems to be going and where now Morgan Stanley seem to be going with all the public information you can see that they are taking different approaches to it. That said, the firms that are going to do well which we have been suspecting and again it seems that we are getting early confirmation are those firm with broad ranges of capabilities that are strongly performing they are going to - they’ll do fine in this. We’ve put ourselves in that category. Those firms that actually have ETFs a long track record of ETFs, they’ll also do well those are capabilities that are in need and I pull a third element into where again it is different firm by firm by but those firms that can take the capabilities whether it be a mutual fund or an ETF vehicle and help rate solutions for clients and this is even at the broker level are going to do well. The other element that people are talking about I think and I think we all get in the right context the price sensitivity it is real, the way that the financial advisor is going to meet that need is really a combination of active and passive capabilities that will drive down the overall effective key rate for their clients which is a good thing. And again I think specifically vehicle by vehicle, you need to be competitively priced. If you are selling at a premium price and if you are very strong performance, you’d probably, hopefully can keep it there but there is going to be real pressure there. If you’re at a premium price or not performing well you are in a lot of trouble. And we do believe that the platforms, they will be narrowed and they will be - and again each firm is going be different and we look at ourselves as being on the right side of those outcomes.
Marty Flanagan: I don't have that right now but again I'd still come back to the point you're probably making is if you’re brokerage it’s going to go away its’ all going to go to advisors and you're going to be a loser and I don't think you can make that draw that conclusion from what we are seeing. Again just look at Morgan Stanley in the announcement today they're going to keep the advisory and brokerage both open and again I think it doesn't really matter how our capability is there whether it’s in the brokerage channel or in the advisory channel, you have a good capability, you’re going to continue to be there. So, again I know I’m not getting the specific number you're talking about I just don't have it here.
Marty Flanagan: A good question, look, you've been around the industry a long time and so by now there is a declaration of massive consolidation for a couple of decades. I would say the reality is the environment we are in now which support that notion more than never before. And I’d say much has been driven by the regulatory environment principally and just the ever increasing cost you then have things like cyber security areas where we all spend a lot of money where we never did before. And then the extended period of active passive movement which again I would also say it is when you read about in the paper every day it's probably going to far right, it’s not going back to where it was but it would moderate and I do believe there will be very strong place for active capabilities too. And again we are in a position of we take the answers active and passive. So we are well placed regardless. So, I think what you’re going to have happen in the M&A front is you were firm a without scale I think you’re going to need to do something and so I think you are going to see the likelihood of combinations of undersized firms is probably higher than it’s ever been before. And the other point though is somebody has to be a willing buyer and not everybody is going to be willing buyer of some of those firms. So, I think what you’ll see is organic growth coming from firms that really are not well positioned in this environment.
Marty Flanagan: So I would say, like always, we continue to pay attention to what's available in the marketplace and the way that we look at it really has not changed, is it filling a skill gap for region, those types of obvious things, we’ll continue to do that. There are fewer gaps now than we’ve ever had. I mean, and it gets back to the comment to Bill's question and others in the DOL. We think we've put the firm in a position where client demand is right, whether be alternatives, passive capabilities through factor investing ETFs, et cetera. The institutional business continues to be a huge opportunity for us and the like. That said, we’ll continue to pay attention to what's going out there. I think it's again just my opinion, those firms that are narrowly focused are going to be dramatically more challenged than those firms that are global in the retail market, the institutional market and have a broad range of high conviction fundamental factor-based capabilities. So, but again, we’ll continue to pay attention.
Marty Flanagan: So let me stay on that, because I think this is what is different today than prior challenging times when there is a pullback, I mean the traditional playbook was market pullback focus on cutting expenses where we can do that with an eye to making sure that you don't just vanish the firm. That was really more an environment. We thought it was competitive five years ago and 10 years ago, but it’s nothing like today and that's just competitive, but the market shift. So we feel again we’re uniquely placed with the capabilities we have that it would be stupid of us not to continue to invest and grow the ETF business or the institutional business or the solutions business and I think to your point earlier, the most dangerous thing you can be doing, if you are a narrowly focused firm, challenge right now is to be not investing in the future, and I think that's where a lot of firms are finding themselves having to do when I think that's you’re confirming about outcome as far as I am concerned. But you have to be disciplined, right, and that's why we’re very, very disciplined. We’re always looking to be more efficient, more effective and while at the same time invest for the future.
Marty Flanagan: So it's a good question. Here is my view on it. So at one level, there is no change from the standpoint of those firms have always had brokerage business and advisory business and the movement to advisory has been a trend and the desire of the broker, the distributors for a number of years. So, the industry is already set up to serve that way. Now again, I’d come back to in this environment, what - there is an awful lot of work to comply with the DOL and so it is firm like us that have the depth of capability through wholesale, Invesco consulting that can help make the move, because they are real moves that with their client base. So again, we have the resources, we have the capabilities and we can help them make those changes. I think the biggest concern that I think everybody has heard over more recently was a real concern that there is going to be a large proliferation of share classes, because each distributor wanting to serve the clients in a different way and I know this is no great insight, but it seems to be the industry is coalescing probably on a couple of share classes which would be some costs associated with it, but I mean that’s very doable. And I think it’s much better outcome for both we and the end clients. So again I think what I would do is go back to the firms that have resources and capabilities to support their clients through this change are going to be in a better position than those that don’t. And again this gets back to the part of the questions about scale and M&A. I mean, if you can support your clients beyond just an investment capability, you’re at a disadvantage.
Marty Flanagan: So, again, it's - in the light of the environment and from a macro view, I think that's a good question. I think the reality is, if you look at the larger firms right now, their fees are already very, very competitive, because they have the scale to have lower fees. So I don't sense that there is going to be a massive - within those firms, I don't think, you are going to see much of a change. I think the firms that are disadvantaged are again back to, if you don't have scale in your asset levels, your fees are almost by definition, higher and you are disadvantaged. You got to solve that one where the other and there is no lesson to solve that. So again, specifically, and again, we do, like everybody else, see all the time. We know they’re very competitive and we also have the added benefit too of adding the factor-based capabilities, so we can actually help also drive down the blended fee rate within these four financial adviser and we also have solutions capabilities that we have in that portfolio too.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, no, so early days. We are thrilled with Jemstep and it is focused on reporting our business partners. And again, I would put this in the context again of firms need more and more tools to help clients meet their needs and it is definitely going to help us with that. We see that already with the interest in it and it’s frankly additional tool that will help clients with things like onboarding in a more efficient and effective way with their asset allocation, if it is open platform. So again, it is very supportive what they’re doing and we think it is important development for us.
Marty Flanagan: It's huge. Look, I think again, go to the macro point that we’ve all talked about, don't extrapolate your knowledge on mutual fund development with ETF development, right. So there is a limit to how many ETFs there can be within, as you want to call it, a certain segment and it is typically three that are successful. [indiscernible] US Equity income fund, I don't know how many there are in the category, it's probably I don’t know, 400 or something. So there is an inherent limitation right there and the other thing, you’re looking at real track records with these factor based ETFs that have long track as opposed to extrapolating, back testing type experiences and no one needs to take that risk when you have a broad range of capabilities. The other elements that again, we’ve talked about and others have talked about, it's the total cost of ownership of those ETF's and it's just not the fee, it’s the liquidity and those firms that have a presence, they’re going to get the backing to create the liquidity, which is going to drive down the total cost of ownership also. So we have founded it to be a realism that the breadth of product, first mover advantage, but, by the way, the long track records really matter a lot, and I think as we have said before, the barriers to entry are very low that the barriers to success are very high.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. No. It continues to be, as we look forward in that sort of institutional pipeline and qualify, it has been high demand globally. So again, I think it’s one of the best teams in the business and they continue to be doing very, very well and we don't expect that to end any time soon.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, again, those are broad questions, hard to answer broad questions like that, because it gets very specific, so how I would answer it is, we look at where we are priced, our prices are very competitive and they tend to be very competitive with again those firms that have a certain size and have very competitively priced products. And with solid, especially good performance, they’re going to continue pretty well. I don’t know how to answer it other than that. I think what you could see probably in future is I do think that the stronger only can get stronger. More money is going to go towards those firms with more money, more breakpoints, these will drop, but again, that would be a continuation of what's been in the past. Again, I just think it's the smaller firms that are under lot of pressure.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. Actually Loren does bring up a very good point. I don't know how much attention has been paid on it, but part of it in this low return environments, this active, passive movement that we've talked about and have seen dramatically active managers in packaged products have been at a real disadvantage just because of the expense ratio where frankly, it is a pass through a lot of expenses, whether they would be 12b-1, [indiscernible] and you are probably on average at a disadvantage and average fund of probably about 45 basis points every year and as these pure share classes come out, that's going to be benefit for active management also and the competitive returns vis-a-vis passive funds.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So I mean, it is vehicle and again everybody is going to solve that. I don’t think that's going to be much of a competitive advantage one way or the other. You’re going to respond to your partners as you’re going to need. Again, I think the thing that’s going to be differentiating is those firms that can help their partners make the shift from where they need to from brokerage to advisory and again it gets to firms like ourselves that have things like Invesco consulting, broad field support, thought leadership to help them work through those changes and again a broad range of capabilities. So we think we’re positioned very well for that and with the money involved, we like the money in motion. That’s going to be good thing and we think we are going to be a net beneficiary of it at the time we get through the other side.
Marty Flanagan: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody very much and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
