Loren Starr: Yes. In terms of quantifying, I think it’s a very much moving target in terms of what the impact is. I think we’ve sort of indicated it was not material, maybe tens of millions kind of without negotiations really taking place around the pricing. All that is sort of happening as we speak and therefore you’ll have a clear view as we sort of get into 2018. But I do think even as we get through 2018, it’s going to be a moving target because there is no expectation of setting sort of one price in the last – it’s locked in. I think it’s going to be an evolving topic over time.
Loren Starr: Good question, Bill. So we certainly had indicated on the last call that the Guggenheim impact itself was probably going to add 10 percentage points to our incremental margin. That’s a very positive thing to the original guidance that we provided, which was in that 40% to 50% range. We’ve also benefited from stronger markets, which has been helpful. Foreign exchange has generally been a positive impact as well. The MiFID II quantification, as I mentioned, is a moving target. And so at this point, I think we’d be hesitant to sort of give real numbers around that. If we gave you the worst case, it would be probably a reasonable offset to some of the good things we were just talking about. We’re hopeful that’s not going to be that case. So our thought is that we’d be in a better position as we get into year-end and maybe the next call or the one after that to provide much more solid guidance around incremental margins. But I’d say the overall trend to incremental margin has been more positive than negative for sure relative to that original guidance.
Loren Starr: Okay, it’s a partial month. So again, I wouldn’t read too much into and I was hesitant to even talk about it. But I knew if I didn’t, people would misread it. We’ve actually seen very good strength into Europe. I think about 1.2 billion of flows just coming into EMEA on a long-term basis. We’ve also seen very solid long-term flows into Asia Pac. So again, where is it coming in Europe, it’s the same elements that have been flowing before well across a wide range Pan-European equity, corporate bond, GTR, all very, very helpful. Institutional pipeline in Europe is the highest it’s been I think ever. And so they’ve had really great success. And so we think that is an accelerating positive thing. Asia again had a little bit of a slow down as we mentioned earlier, but they seem to be sort of recovering from that into the third quarter. The U.S. in particular, we’re just a little bit lumpy. So I talked about sub-advised. So there was one sub-advised termination that was kind of lumpy as one sub-advised client went to index, as we’ve seen that happen a few times. So that’s sort of episodic, not a trend, I would say. And then quant, we’ve seen some outflow on quant in the U.S. but that’s been offset by quant inflows elsewhere. So again, I think it’s really just too soon a timeframe to really draw a conclusion about anything. And so as I said, we’re pretty optimistic about the flow picture into Q4.
Loren Starr: Glenn, I think you’re probably picking up something that we are seeing, which is certainly a continued interest in a fair amount of our equity. If you’re talking about in the U.S., it’s probably going to be more on the PowerShares side than necessarily our value capability. And then in Europe, absolutely the case and we’re also seeing that in Asia as well. So I think the interest in equity seem a little bit stronger globally and perhaps most in terms of the active most strong outside the U.S.
Loren Starr: Yes. And in terms of the U.S. clients, I think it’s around the normal things we’ve seen in the past. Real estate would be a big continued draw. We certainly see continued interest in some of our fixed income capabilities including stable value, multi-asset capabilities as well and then increasingly GTR-type offering has been of interest. So it’s certainly a third – at least a minimum, a third of our pipeline is coming from the U.S. and the rest from Europe and Asia.
Loren Starr: Mike, you know how good I am at forecasting performance fees. So yes, I think the performance has been quite good on the alternative side. The idea that we may continue to see some good performance fees into 2018 is something we would certainly support and offer up. In terms of the actual guidance and when they hit, very, very hard for us to really nail that down. I think obviously this one very large performance fee coming from the mortgage recovery fund I’d say is a little bit unique and unusual and isn’t something that I would necessarily say is going to happen again with certainty into 2018. But real estate bank loans continue to offer performance fees, as does some of the private equity offerings that we have as well. So I think the level of performance fees maybe ex what we’ve seen in this particular mortgage recovery is certainly something you should build into the thinking for next year. And into Q4, again, I just don’t have a line of sight that I can offer with great certainty other than sort of – I think we said 5 million to 7 million is kind of the guidance. And I know it’s not helpful, but that’s what I would offer again for Q4.
Loren Starr: Yes, we’ve seen GTR really grow much more rapidly outside the U.S. than in the U.S. right now. Although I’d say on the institutional side it’s beginning to get rated and so we’re actually quite hopeful that we’re going to see growth maybe on the institutional side even faster than the retail side in the U.S. The take on has been extremely robust, as you know, over the last year and plus. We are in the midst of launching new product GTI, which is the income-oriented flavor of GTR in the UK and that’s a fair amount of marketing is going to be put behind that effort in Q4, and we’d expect to see some takeoff if the performance has been good. Asia has really been the door that has opened much wider now in terms of using GTR and we’re seeing some big wins in places like Australia and China in terms of the use of GTR. On the retail side, I think the story around GTR is still excellent, but it’s not probably as well known or understood as it is in the UK. And I think generally, we’re seeing the product get through kind of the gatekeepers and get a better understanding of that, but it’s still been slow, which has generally been the case I’d say for alternative offerings in retail that we’ve seen sort of a slowdown of the take-on of the alternative retail product. And so I think that’s somewhat consistent with an overall theme in the U.S. as opposed to a GTR-specific story.
Loren Starr: Okay. So in terms of flows, it’s been good, probably not off the charts good. I think they contributed about 0.5 billion in the last two months, which is about a 12% organic growth rate. I think there has been some degree of slowdown just as the integration has been going forward and the repositioning of the brand and so forth is being contemplated. There are a number of new product launches that are in the pipeline, which I think will help really sort of reboot the growth and the efforts there. So there’s a lot of work that’s being done right now to sort of improve the competitive positioning of the products and the lineup and really sort of accelerate the growth opportunity around Source. And certainly, some of the synergies that we haven’t explicitly been talking about have taken place. And so I think in terms of the profitability of the business, as we originally said it wasn’t really making money, is beginning to sort of all come into play in a positive way. So Dan, I don’t know if you want to get a little more explicit about kind of some of the things that are happening around repositioning of the brand overall on a global basis.
Loren Starr: Dan, thanks for asking that question. Again, I think as we described related to the Guggenheim acquisition and similar to what we’ve done with respect to financing the Source acquisition, we’ve curtailed the buyback program as we are building up cash right now in order to largely pay for the acquisition through the use of our credit facility and also through spare cash. So our thought is through the course of 2018, we’re going to curtail the buyback – continue to curtail the buyback, still being opportunistic if certain situations present themselves. But largely, we want to make sure that our leverage ratios are going to be, by the end of 2018, in line with where they are pre-Guggenheim acquisition. So I would say, generally, put in minimal, if any, in terms of buyback expectations through the course of 2018 until those leverage ratios get back in line.
Loren Starr: Yes. So I think we had said the fee rate was going to – in the second half was going to be largely in line with the second quarter. Obviously, it’s slightly off. There was more money market and some other sort of passive lower fee product growth coming into play. So I think sort of in line with current levels ex-performance fees is probably the right guidance for now.
Loren Starr: Chris, it’s actually quite benign. The flow picture is not – we haven’t seen accelerated outflows at all. Sales may have come down just a bit. But overall, the levels of flows in that product, in those products are as good as they’ve ever been in terms of history. So I think people understand the rationale. Mark Barnett and his team have described their position and why they believe some of the holdings that they have are smart and are going to ultimately pan out. And so they’ve been through periods of underperformance in the past and have gone through that with significant outperformance following it. So I think people are being patient and not sort of reacting on a short-term basis.
Loren Starr: In terms of the trend, I don’t think we’re seeing a significant trend one way or the other in terms of use of performance fees. Certainly on the retail side, not. I think on the institutional side as we continue to build out our capabilities, it’s probably growing in line with our overall institutional business. So we may see more performance fees just generally as we become more institutionally-oriented. But I don’t think it’s something that has a philosophy where sort of saying let’s deliver more performance.
Loren Starr: The one thing I would just add too, that really makes it even more unique is the fact that we’ve got this incredibly robust offerings around models and solutions that we can bring alongside it. So it’s just not a technology solution that is being offered, it’s actually – some of the most valuable part is the ability to tailor models to the clients’ needs at a very attractive price. And so I think when you add all those things in, in terms of the open architecture, the fact that we’re integrating this into people’s systems, and it’s not a black box, and we’ve got the models actually positions it almost in a way that is – does make it stand out as a unique offering.
Loren Starr: So I think, again, in terms of the guidance on the ultimate need for investment, I think we’ve already built-in into that guidance our need for investment. More savings helps offset some of the – or boosts the incremental margins. So that’s a positive thing in terms of the things that help improve our incremental margin outlook. We still think we’re in a situation as a firm and the industry that there’s so much change going on that the need and the criticality of investing behind some of these trends are key for success in the future. But again, there’s only so much you can actually invest in at once and do it well. So that’s kind of some context to thinking why generally the things that we’re talking about are helpful for our incremental margin story. In terms of – I’m sorry, the other question that you had was --
Loren Starr: …see the savings. Yes, so because of the – a large part of it has to do with outsourcing really in looking at moving expenses out of compensation and then moving them into that property, office, tech, which is where we have all the third-party payments for outsourced services. And so it would really be a movement into expenses, into that category off of comp.
Marty Flanagan: I think I’d answer the question this way. Our strategy continues to be no different than in the past. And our first effort organically – is to focus organically in organic investments. And we would then approach inorganically when we see an opportunity or a gap somewhere in the lineup. We see very few gaps within the organization right now regardless of investment capability or some of these platforms. The last two ETF acquisitions really put us in a very, very strong spot in the ETF market. And in particular, the factor and smart beta where we think there is the greatest value for clients at the end of the day. Look, we all have been talking about the impact of the changing dynamic. It is just the fact that if you are a smaller money manager anywhere in the world, you have pressures that are at a level that you’ve never seen before and common sense would lead you to believe that there should be more combinations. They continue to be complicated to do because the fiduciary nature of the businesses and the people that are involved, et cetera, et cetera. So there will be more. The pace has probably been slower than what people have thought. But you could also see quite frankly organic growth for the more competitive firms pick up at the expense of smaller firms, quite frankly.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, it all starts by why is there not pressure because we’re priced fairly. And I think that’s really the way to think about it. If you are delivering the results that you would expect at a competitive rate, you’re going to do well. And I think the way to think about it is just sort of imagine a continuum of investment capabilities and at one end, you have cap-weighted indexes. You don’t get very much formed. They’re an important tool in the toolbox, but you don’t pay much. By definition, there’s no alpha generation. If you go to actives, you’re going to expect more alpha in outperformance. The fees will follow that and they would be higher than that end. In between the two would be factor and at the highest in alternatives. And so it makes sense that the more alpha you expect, the more you would be willing to pay a fair fee and that’s how we think about pricing as an institution. And I think it resonates with clients. But it is just clarity of what clients are trying to expect and any firm’s ability to meet that performance result over a market cycle, which is very important.
Marty Flanagan: Glenn, I would just add. You’re hitting on a specific topic, but there’s something broader here. So it has been a very unique period of time since 2009, and we feel very strongly that this is a very important role for active investment management. Clients cannot hit the return objectives and manage their risk without the use of active, and it’s really a combination of passive, active and alternative. That’s how you create the best portfolios in these markets when it starts to turn like that, hopefully people will pay attention to it.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So, look, the U.S. is probably – market is probably going through the most changes in the retail market in particular. As providers are changing how they’re reforming their businesses, it is a period of change. I think the important thing is the assets to manage are not going to go away. And so it’s a transition period. And it is those firms, we believe we’re one, that have the broad range of capabilities, good performing products and this range of active-passive alternatives, those are the winners. And so we think we are positioned very, very well. What are some of the headwinds that Loren has talked about? So UITs and some of the movements with the insurance company and the sub-advised, those are headwinds in, what do you want to call it, the intermediate term. But we look out in the next year and a half or so, some very strong things are heading our way. And again, we’ve been talking about them. The solutions capability is real. It’s meaningful for us. We’re uniquely placed to be able to do that. Jemstep is an important tool for our distribution partners, is a very important tool along the way. And as Loren started to mention, the institutional capability region by region is probably as strong as it’s ever been and that would include the U.S. The U.S. is probably behind Asia and Europe in its development for us. We feel very good about the team there. And the same thing we’re seeing in one but not funded is growing quite materially. So we look at the U.S. as a very important part of our business and the opportunities are material, and we think we’re managing to where we see the client needs are.
Marty Flanagan: And I just might come back to your bigger questions and put in context of beyond a quarter. If you go back – as a firm, we’ve been in net inflows since 2009 in total. And if you look at the strength of the organization by – if you look at flows by region, it has always rotated. 2009 UK was a leader; '10, '11, '12, the U.S. was the leader; '14, '15 Europe was; last year, Asia; back to Europe. It’s a fundamental strength of the firm and you’re starting to see it now with the organic growth rate above 3. And again if the market sort of – without a shock to the market, we anticipate – we see it growing and so you’re seeing evidence of it this quarter.
Marty Flanagan: We’ve not colored it yet on purpose. So as we’re moving through this from the standpoint of – again, the demand is very high. We are taking on clients. We, as an organization, do a much better job of telling you what the answers are as opposed to predicting, but here’s what’s happening. So you’re seeing a pipeline that is growing and very strong and the challenge is the lead time. It’s application install. So I think six months to nine months for a large institution, that’s the tail. So you have to invest to get – to have the application come on line. It is open platform and can use a range of capabilities, ETFs for mutual funds. So it is a very attractive part of a digital strategy for a number of firms. And secondarily, it will be default models in those portfolios. And our – what we are seeing is more likely than not if you think of the relative market share of a firm like Invesco’s model that a existing platform versus what could happen out of Jemstep, you could see materially different asset levels or market share of models on those portfolios. So we are anticipating an Investor Day first part of next year that we will give a much deeper communication of the strategy and where we are.
Marty Flanagan: And I think the reason for that is by twofold. Some of the headwinds would’ve been – what is the derivatives’ role, what was the impact on a product like that. So the platforms were very cautious and slow to take it on. That was one of the headwinds. And then secondarily most of the platforms are focused on product rationalization at the moment, not product additions. And so again two basic headwinds that are somewhat intertwined there. But again, we think it’s a very, very strong good capability and we anticipate in time we’ll continue to have success in the United States too.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, so a little bit of a repeat. So the way that we look at the business is, first of all, you have to have a set of capabilities that the institutional market wants. And so over the last decade, that has developed very, very strongly; a lot in the alternative area, a lot in the fixed income area, strong performance, strong reputations. So that’s the first critical building block of the whole thing. Now with the leaders that we have in place in each of the three regions, I think they’re some of the strongest leaders – they are absolutely the strongest leaders we’ve ever had and I’d say they’re some of the most talented people in the industry. And as Loren had spoke of, the won but not funded pipeline globally has really never been higher and it continues to grow, so I would use that as a proof point. We would say that we’re not where we want to be or need to be, so we see it as a rapidly growing part of our business and it’s beyond an aspiration, it’s actually happening right now and I think we’ll look back in three years from now and see if it would have been an important contributor to our success as an organization.
Marty Flanagan: We don’t have a large – if you look at percentage of assets, not very large at all. And this topic of performance fees, there are vehicles where it makes sense. There are others where it does not. You talk about alignment of interests and some of the things that are emerging, I think they do not align interests really at all. I’d get back to my comment earlier. I think what you really need to have a fair competitive fee and what you really want to do is hold the manager accountable to their investment philosophy and process and measure them over a period of time. The issue with performance fees is that – how does the misalignment come, because they are based on various measures that are based on where by calendar quarter or performing against an index or a benchmark and it almost always goes counter to what you want the portfolio manager to do and what the organization to do. And the risk of the investment organizations, you would hope not, but making bad decisions because of the economics being so difficult in the downturn really I think is quite dangerous, personally.
Marty Flanagan: Let me be clear. I want to clarify the point that Loren is on. There are vehicles or strategies where it makes sense and – whether it be in the number of the alternatives, in private equity, in real estate, it makes sense. You get the alignment. It makes a lot of sense. We do that. It makes sense, very supportive of it. To me it’s this fulcrum fee notion that tends to happen in the retail environment that is really countercyclical typically to what you want to have happen. So thanks for the point there.
Marty Flanagan: So the characters that are unique to Jemstep, first of all, the digital technologies are being adopted quite broadly all throughout our industries in different ways. The robustness of the Jemstep infrastructure is unique. It was eight years in development and that really becomes, all of would know being in this industry, the piping in the industry is complicated and it’s necessary to be robust and strong. So that’s one. But really, it is the open architecture nature of it so – and it’s directed to advisers only. So it is not available direct to consumer. So there is no channel conflict. It is to support our clients’ business, and that’s very attractive. It also can use a range of vehicles, which is more unique, so ETFs, mutual funds and the like. Those are absent in most of the competing capability, and its ability to be embedded in an organization’s infrastructure is unique. So it’s not a black box. So those are some of the characteristics that make it unique. And so think of it as a – we’ve all been through it. You are installing in an application and we all know it’s hard work, it takes time. The notion that an organization would have more than one of these is hard to believe. And so there really is a first mover advantage to it and we think we’re in a very strong position and just the demand would suggest that. Coming back to a prior question of how big can it be and the like, it’s just a long tail. And we never put our chin out there to speculate about the possible impact, but it has all the makings of being a very, very strong contributor to the firm.
Marty Flanagan: On behalf of Loren and Dan and myself, just want to thank you very much for your time and interest and look forward to engaging in the future. Have a good rest of the day.
Dan Draper: Yes, sure. Just to state upfront that obviously the two businesses as they’re under regulatory review continue to operate separately. So kind of any pricing discussion adjustment on the Guggenheim side, that’s really done by – there’s executives in their fund board. So we’re not involved in that at this stage. But that said, if you look since the price adjustment was made in our SP, which is that ETF you mentioned, there has been a positive response in net inflows into the product. But I’d say overall, if you’re thinking about “pricing,” we feel very strongly that you have to think about pricing in a broader context. Number one, outside of pricing is performance. Particularly more sophisticated, if you will, institutionalize clients always start with performance. And while indexes or ETFs may sound similar, quite openly, the actual difference is that in index construction methodology, rebalancing can lead to substantial differences. So as we always do with clients, we start with performance first. Secondly then when you get to cost, there are a couple of different areas of cost. First, move really to the entry and exit cost of an ETF i.e. liquidity and being able to work with our sell-side partners to make sure there’s a lot of liquidity. And I think that’s where the first mover advantage, the scale, everything we’ve emphasized is crucial because you really – it take time to build the ecosystem. And as the AUM grows, the liquidity becomes really enhanced. When I think third, the other area of cost is obviously the annual management fee. And I think this is where – not just within ETFs but across Invesco, we’re very diligent, always monitoring trends and making adjustments where possible. So I think looking at in total, that’s where the ability for us with especially those clients who look at asset allocation, look at solution, those diversification benefits we have in the products around performance and risk, this is where we’re excited. And then I think we also feel we’re going to bring a little bit of enhancement we hope around capital markets and the liquidity, and then clearly we’ll continue to monitor pricing. But right now we think we’re in a good place and we’re obviously excited, especially with the adjustment in the Equal Weight S&P 500 to really see a positive response from clients thus far.
Dan Draper: Yes. Thank you very much, Marty. I think it’s a great question. Let me just start from the top. I think if you look at kind of global regulations whether it’s DOL, MiFID II in Europe, you previously had retail distribution review in the UK, I think all of those have clearly been net positives for ETFs for different reasons. As you look at distribution, I think it’s really important to kind of separate out the U.S. market from, say, Europe and EMEA. In particular, the U.S. is heavily and always has been dominated by the wealth management intermediary space, particularly areas like RIAs. But what we’ve now seen is with DOL in particular in the U.S., the stronger focus by many segments like the Wirehouses, for example, as the focus on more advisory accounts, fee-based moving there, and I think that’s where Invesco’s long-standing strength covering those clients, those home offices and having access, I think the ability to educate, position our products in those areas as more advisory business grows, not just wires but IBDs and other areas that we see. That’s a huge advantage to be able to leverage those long-term relationships. I think overall in the U.S, we continue to see, as Marty said, the portfolio of model builders and others in this new fee-based world really focused on combining the best of active, passive and alternatives. So there’s a huge amount to leverage and I think that we’re obviously in the midst of adapting and working on that way at Invesco. If you move to Europe, Europe is very different. Europe, I would estimate probably has over 80% of the current demand for ETFs in institutional space. Now by definition, we would include discretionary portfolios to private banks in that institutional definition, but that’s why scale is absolutely crucial in Europe. You have yet to see broad-based retail demand emerge for ETFs in Europe. I think MiFID II, quite clearly, with a lot of the focus on transparency of fees, but particularly for ETFs. ETFs were actually omitted from the original MiFID. By including ETFs, this is actually a big advantage. You’re actually going to have – the requirement now for market makers to have pre and post-trade reporting, for example, of ETFs. So a lot more transparency around the liquidity, which is an important building block step to eventually getting bigger retail demand in Europe. So we think that’s positive, but I think that’s where the crucial step for us to buy Source to really get the bigger platform, because these bigger institutional investors in Europe, they have concentration limits normally. They need to have bigger ETFs, bigger platform, bigger scale before they can engage with the provider. So hopefully that helps with that overview.
Dan Draper: Yes. So I think just to state upfront, I think clearly the intention, Invesco has one ETF business and I think it’s going to be reflected through one brand. Guggenheim, for example, they’re clearly – Guggenheim Asset Management will remain in mutual funds. UIT is another area. So that’s probably the most apparent. So they’re clearly keeping that name for the overall business. So you’ll probably see a little bit more of a rapid transition. But again, we have kind of a longer lead time to closing into next year on that. The Source, obviously a strong brand within this space, but again we’re in the middle of transitioning that into 2018. They’re currently co-branded having Source and PowerShares. But again, you’ll see a single brand emerge from that in 2018. I think, overall, looking at how Source, the integration, and Source actually had quite a strong pipeline even going into the sales process. So they continue to execute well, as Loren mentioned, net inflows since we announced and closed the deal on August 18, and those flows are fairly well diversified, commodities have been strong for them this year, picking up equities. What we really have been focused on is on product development. That’s where the product development pipeline in Europe had slowed a bit during the sales process with Source. And particularly looking at fixed income, and we also launched our first joint – or not joint, but the first product since the close a couple of weeks ago in preferreds. There was no preferred offering and we were able to take kind of our U.S. capability and launch it in the usage fund in Europe, and that’s gotten off to a really good start. I think you’ll see us continue to fill up the new product pipeline with fixed income being a headline. So I think really continuing the momentum that Source has built with clients in Europe, I think getting more products to those clients is a big priority and then just continual integration in larger Invesco in EMEA.
Dan Draper: Thanks, Marty. So yes, we know Precidian very well. We had – we were included in an earlier filing. As you are aware, the SEC has asked them previously to kind of remove filings. So there’s been a couple of swings, if you will, at this in the past. We continue to monitor closely and we’ll be – remain engaged in those discussions. But I don’t think we feel there’s anything that’s going to happen urgently in the development of that space. But clearly, I think – the ability for Invesco to participate in that if it evolves. One thing I would point out though, that if you do see nontransparent active evolve, you’re still going to have the same kind of financial [ph] situation you have with active today where particularly some strategies are going to be capacity-constrained, because it’s really being driven – or seeking out for around security selection. So I think that’s where you see the predominance of ETFs really coming more from an asset allocation and particularly the larger products which are much more scalable. So absolutely could there be demand, should we, if you will, technology be approved? Yes, and we’d clearly be participating in that. But I think, again, the big growth in ETFs and the large products that we see continue to be much more asset allocation-focused. But quite frankly, the transparency is much more of a requirement and the ability to go out and build more scalable products, that’s the core of the range. Again, we’ll continue to monitor and engage. But again, at this stage we don’t really see the approval being imminent really in the short term. But again, we’ll remain engaged and I think adjust our business model, if necessary. One thing I would say though is away from just the nontransparent active, we do see as we mentioned in the Guggenheim transactions, self indexing becoming a bigger part of our business. As Marty mentioned, we do active transparent. We obviously work with leading third parties and I think really for us to bring forward the self indexing piece we think is probably a more immediate growth opportunity that we’re excited about.
Dan Draper: Yes. I can’t give you a specific number, but I would say a high – a very high percentage is going to be in what we’d call the wealth management intermediary space, particularly in the hands of RIAs and some of the other platforms, home offices, what have you. But a very high percentage is retail today.
Dan Draper: Yes, sure. So I think just looking at kind of legacy strength and focus on distribution, I think that’s – at Guggenheim, that’s where you’ve seen a lot of the strength and their success thus far. I think as Marty and Loren both have mentioned, I think the growing strength of our institutional business at Invesco I think just plays into that bigger, wider distribution opportunity we have taking this business in-house. So I think frankly getting more education, I think particularly in fixed income. So if you look at these BulletShares products, having a final maturity date on the ETF is very unique. Having an open-ended fund but with a final maturity, that allows for things such as asset liability matching, which clearly plays very strongly into the insurance space, for example. So I really kind of hope that we’d be able to particularly get in front of some of Invesco’s strong insurance relationships with the BulletShares existing products but perhaps even more importantly, building new products for some of those. And I don’t want to limit that. I think the BulletShare also would have interest, particularly with endowments, smaller pensions, other areas in institutional. So that’s why we’re really keen to look for additional kind of synergies through that. I do think also if you look at the way that many institutions have been looking at factors really for decades or longer for us to really introduce some of this factor exposure in the ETF wrapper. So the wrapper may be new to them, but helping, again educating with white papers, research, overall thought leadership to institutional clients we think is pretty exciting. But I’d definitely put my finger on the fixed income BulletShares as the area that we probably start with expanding and leveraging the institutional capabilities at Invesco.
Dan Draper: Yes. So I think our view overall if you look at growth trends, we believe that overall AUM growth in Europe is probably seven to maybe ten years behind where the U.S. was in that growth curve, but obviously growing quite rapidly. As we have mentioned, broad-based retail demand is not yet present. I think with the MiFID II impact, we do think medium to long term, it will be significant, and ETFs will be a beneficiary. However, short term, if you look at – there was a regulatory change in 2013 in the United Kingdom, so retail distribution review had an impact, very similar, with transparency, eliminating conflicts of interest, for example, in certain product areas. ETFs did get a bit of a boost but it was fairly modest. I think it continues to grow. I think our expectation therefore for MiFID II is that this is a crucial cornerstone change I think particularly improving the liquidity. On-screen liquidity of ETFs will hopefully happen sooner under MiFID II. As I mentioned, there were no requirements for market makers in Europe to put up pre and post-trade reporting. So those indications are really important to encourage liquidity. So I think if you get liquidity moving earlier, then I think you’ll get more confidence, more visibility for ETFs with retail investors and their advisers. So just to manage expectations, we do think it’s a medium to long term, very positive. But short term, based on kind of the RDR UK experience, it will probably be modest out of the gate, but we’ll continue to monitor. But I think this is where, again, having the scale platform that has been built largely through institutional demand in Europe that Source brings, that’s really where, when the retail demand does come, they’re going to be looking for scaled products, good liquidity with the track record. And that’s where everything that we’re doing now with the distribution business, ETF business in Europe is really crucial when that retail demand does come.
