Loren Starr: This presentation and the comments made in the associated conference call today may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future results of our operations, expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures, industry or market conditions, AUM, acquisitions and divestitures, debt and our ability to obtain additional financing or make payments, regulatory developments, demand for and pricing of our products and other aspects of our business or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as beliefs, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q filed with the SEC. You may obtain these reports from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update the information in any public disclosure if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate.
Loren Starr: We certainly would hope to see margins improved through the course of the year. Obviously there is a lot of moving parts, lot of volatility, we've got the pound and the currency topics which have been bouncing around a little bit. So I'm not going to put out a number in terms of what I think margins could be. Obviously, the inherent strength of the business is there and as markets stabilize, currency stabilizes, we should continue to see the very positive trend of incremental margins working in our favor to pull up our overall rate and sort of, margin overall. But it will depend ultimately on what the markets do through the rest of the year. We're, as you know, still at the level of assets below where we were on average for last year and so I would say we're still catching up to where we were last year in terms of overall margin potential.
Loren Starr: And just to remind people, the optimization program is operating through the course of 2016 and we do not really get to the full run rate benefit until we get to the end of the year which we talked about the $30 million to $45 million potential. We're going to see some continued benefit through the course of this year, but again, $2 million here, $3.5 million, $4.5 million, you know, it's going to kind of begin to scale through the course of the year. But it's still not at a level, I would say that's going to be the most dramatically move the margin picture.
Loren Starr: So you get to one of my favorite topics, Glenn, predicting performance fees which again, I still will continue to profess, I'm not very able to do that. Generally performance fees are lighter through the last half of the year, their the heaviest in the first quarter and so you sort of see the heavy performance recorded already. So my expectation of performance fees through the remainder of the year, as I often said, is sort of place-marked, earmarked, when we're thinking about our planning, somewhere around that $5 million a quarter which is an estimate that assumes a lot of different things kicking in across the globe, but no one thing driving it. We would hope to see the other revenue line improve somewhat because the volatility in the first quarter was pretty extreme. And so as I mentioned, in transaction fees and real estate rollovers, in the UIT business, were really slowed down by that degree of volatility. If we get to a more stable and that's a big if, but if we get to a more stable market environment that line item should be closer to, sort of, that $30 million to $35 million number through each quarter.
Loren Starr: So the optimization work is what's going to drive a permanent reduction and so that's stuff, I don't want to say real, but it certainly -- and there is work we can do and we have done in first quarter and that we're going to continue to do through the rest of the year, in terms of trying to manage our discretionary expenses to lower levels. Some of that you can defer for a reasonable period of time, some of it you cannot defer for forever. And so we do have some seasonal costs related to marketing that will be a little bit heavier in the first and the fourth quarters, as they always are. And so it's just good to know that we want to continue to be present and then continue to be able to work with our clients and have client events as we've always had. That's important and it helps the business, it helps the growth of the business and we don't want to differ those expenses for a year, for example. So I think the other thing that we see in the second quarter versus the first quarter would be some of the impacts around salary increases and differed compensation which are typically, you get a differential of about two months' worth of impact in the second quarter versus the first quarter and between those two items, that's probably somewhere around an increase of $5 million to $6 million. So again, there are some things that we're going to manage and we're going to continue to apply a very thoughtful and disciplined approach to our hiring and to our discretionary expense management. I don't want to give guidance explicitly quarter-to quarter, also because just given the volatility of markets and FX, it really becomes quite difficult for us to give useful information.
Loren Starr: So on G&A, that is a line item that we probably in some ways are best able to manage. It has to do with travel and entertainment and use of professional services and so those are things that are easier for us to slow down since they tend to be not as business critical as some of the other things around marketing for example. So we would hope to see continued success in terms of managing that line item. Although I would say there may be some things around some of the regulatory side that could drive certain needs and that could drive some cost in the G&A around risk management and other compliance efforts. But I still think that is an area we're putting a lot of focus on to manage and maintain somewhere around were run rate level in Q1. In terms of the broad range of the $30 million $45 million, there are still several of these initiatives that are going through the finalization of their planning phases. And so we don't have clear line insight of the ultimate impact and so that's what is driving that spread. Again, I think we're hopeful we're going to get to the higher end of that range, but we want to be thoughtful and not commit to it until we're more certain which we'll begin to get more certain as we get through the course of this year and we will provide that feedback to you as soon as we know.
Loren Starr: In terms of what is really being quite successful right now, Michael, we're seeing continued things around real estate, fixed income alternative, global asset allocations, multi-asset products at quant, are all highly featured in our institutional pipeline. And then the other -- regionally, we continue to see really strong flow momentum, both on the retail and the institutional side in Asia-Pac in particular. And then another note, just in terms of ETFs. ETFs are positive in every single region that we're operating in terms of positive flows and so we continue to see the interest in that capability being at a high level.
Loren Starr: Yes, that's incremental. What you are seeing in the first quarter, the expense reduction, only $2 million of that has to do with business optimization, as I mentioned. Everything else is related to us just managing expenses in a fairly disciplined and try and differ what we can differ. We're going to continue to do, as I mentioned, through the course of the year. The business optimization's going to continue to roll and help on top of that activity to improve our overall expense management.
Loren Starr: I will answer that, because it was my statement I think. So I was referring, positive in every region and that's April, so I was really referring to the April numbers. However, I would say in the first quarter, the first two months were not great month for our passive or whatever, ETF offerings, but I would say March was a record in terms of our sales. So it really came back strongly and as I sort of indicated, it's continuing strong into April. The passive category that we show, Marty mentioned it, got very much affected by the deleveraging of IVRs. So it is really is not the fill of noise in our numbers, because the deleveraging has no impact on revenues and even though we count and as an outflow, it's just really part of how their managing that [indiscernible].  So I would not read too much into the first quarter passive outflow story, really just understanding that we do believe that our ETFs business is very well-positioned and it is gaining momentum. It is the most diversified set of smart beta offerings and we're gaining share in smart data year-to-date, so we feel very confident about our ability to continue to grow that business.
Loren Starr: Yes, so I think we will begin to see recovery of the net revenue yield and particularly as we get into the last half of the year versus the first, there is some day-count stuff that just happens normally and you always have that benefit of the last half having more days than the first half. So I want to make people aware of that, it is no secret. In terms of the mix, obviously we're having some reduced performance fee expectations coming into Q2 versus what we realized in Q1. Some of that will be offset by hopefully higher other revenues which will help move the fee rate up. And I think we also will see the success of our ETF business, the success of our fixed income business, a lot of that is in the pipeline. They tend to have lower fee rates, so there will be probably some degree of mix issue that's working a little bit against the higher fee. The flows that we have been getting into EMEA and U.S. retail have been more subdued and it can be a driver of fee rate mix. And I would say that is going to be a little bit of a question mark, particularly as we get through the whole Brexit thing and understanding what happened in the UK, that may have some impact, we don't know. It hasn't any impact on flows per say that we can identify yet. But it could have some impact on flows. Based on our modeling and our thinking, we expect to see the fee rate drive up further each quarter as we move through the course of the year. I think the positive elements generally around mix still exists. And I would say that on the institutional pipeline, even despite what I said around fixed income coming in, overall the fee rate on the products that are coming far exceed the fee rate on the products that would be leading, so again a positive element on the fee rate. FX will also have a big impact, too and I think we saw a pretty big impact on FX in the quarter, 0.7 basis points and so that was with UK down 5% quarter-over quarter, the pound. Just to understand that those dynamics are probably one of the big drivers of fee rate issues. And hopefully that does recover and we get to break and we get stabilization of the pound.
Loren Starr: So I think it will grow, certainly off of what we view as a pretty low base in Q1, that now that I mention it, should pick up. Generally our real estate business has been growing well and so that will as a theme help allow that line item to grow. And I say particularly as it's seeing success in Europe and Asia, that's where a lot of the funds actually do have transaction fees and that work in the U.S., some of the products that are managed by our real estate team aren't able to generate transaction fees so that will be a U.S./non-U.S. mix. But we think the outside the U.S. is an opportunity for the real estate business and still has a lot of opportunity to grow at a faster rate even than on the U.S. side. The UIT business, we would hope to see that grow. It has been a very competitive market, particularly because it is somewhat transactional when people decide to roll their UITs, if you do get volatility they're just going to wait and see. And so we would want to see a market stabilization which would allow our ability to roll those things more rapidly and generate more of the revenues as well. But we think that the UIT business has a lot of opportunity to grow and so we would expect to see between those two elements that other line item grow. Again, on an organic growth basis, we should be able to grow in that 3% to 5% level that we talked about before.
Loren Starr: Our product range in Europe, still more than half of the assets are in the first quartile, so it is very strong. And when you look at the second quartile, on the five-year basis, it is more than 90% of the assets are beating peers on a five-year basis. So we think there is plenty of opportunity for us to be able to satisfy our clients' needs with the products that we have. You're right, some have soft a little bit relative to the end of the year, but it is still overall exceedingly strong.
Loren Starr: In EMEA, generally we have seen huge success with our GTR product, both institutionally and on the retail side. And that has been probably our primary driver of inflows in the region. So it has been probably a little bit concentrated to your point in that capability. I mean we still think there's some very, very strong capabilities, like our Quan capability for example, I think it is called structured equity, doing very well.  This current environment in the first quarter was an anomaly for everyone in terms of what behavior you would expect. And hopefully we will begin to see more take-on in the broader sales picture than just GTR. But GTR by the way, I just want to minimize that point, is doing very, very well. It is outperforming some its competitors so it has really been a success for us. And the other thing I would also say, I know your question is just on EMEA, again I can't say how happy we're that our Asia-Pac business has been really, really strong. So the outside the U.S. which is both Asia-Pac and EMEA, has been very diverse in Asia-Pac in terms of what's being taken on through equities alternatives and fixed income.
Loren Starr: It's just going to step up each quarter. And so the $2 million would probably get to more like a $3.5 million, then $4.5 million, $5.5 million, as you work through the course of the year. Those are sort of rough numbers and so timing could be a little bit off. But that will get us ultimately, as we get into 2017 and that run rate of $30 million to $45 million which we feel very confident and whether we get to $45 million, we'll let you know as I mentioned, as we get through the course of the year.
Loren Starr: In terms of where we're at the end of the quarter, we had total cash of $1.455 billion -- what's tied up in the UK subgroup, as we've talked about from a regulatory perspective, is $651 million. And so sort of the free and clear is that $804 million. Q1 is always a very heavy cash need quarter because of taxes and bonus payments, so we fell below sort of our self-imposed target of $1 billion, but we're not concerned about that. We're still going to continue to be targeting a very healthy capital return in terms of dividends and buybacks as a percentage of our operating cash flow to shareholders. So in terms of our Q1 buyback which we talked about, that was up 63% versus what we did Q1 in 2015, so quite a step up, $125 million. But down a little bit versus the fourth quarter due to just generally the lower operating cash that we're generating now because our asset levels were affected by what happened to the market. But in terms of percentage payouts, we're sort of in line with what we were thinking about in terms of last year and the percentage of cash flow. But because our overall operating levels have been impacted by markets, the total levels may be somewhat smaller. If you look at what we paid out, it'd be probably more in line with an $80 million quarter run rate which gets us at that same payout rate that you've seen in the past. But with that said, we're going to continue to be very opportunistic. If we see further impact on stock price which we think is unwarranted, if we get through some of the Brexit and understand the dynamics there, we may feel more able to commit more capital. Again, it's one of these things that we feel very well-positioned to return capital, but we're being a little bit cautious just given the volatility in the market right now.
Loren Starr: Okay, so I think when you look at, the cues, that is about $38 billion, the IBR leverage is somewhere around $20 billion and then the UIT business which does generate revenues when they get rolled, but once they have been put in place they don't -- that is about $18 billion. So those are the big chunks that you'd have to add up to figure out what is non-revenue-generating.
Loren Starr: In terms of the Q2 through Q1 impact, you have obviously payroll taxes falling away, so that is a benefit of some $15 million, $20 million. But then you've got some offset, as I mentioned, in terms of dollar increases and differed compensation and sort plus $6 million. We obviously are beginning to work through some of the optimization things. And so you will get some continued run rate benefit going -- it's probably a benefit of $3.5 million to $2 million if that does translate, another $1.5 million benefit.  Now some of that make get offset if we actually have a higher level of assets and revenues, some of our intended compensation will scale up with our operating income, as it always does. So all those things together, you're probably -- hopefully, comp will actually be back up with the benefit of higher asset levels and market driving intended compensation ahead.
Loren Starr: And I think you've said in the past, Martin, too, but when you get an equity-led market which I don't know if we're going to see that anytime soon. But if we do get an equity-led market, we will probably be able to grow much more quickly than you've seen us do in the past because a large percentage of our AUM is equity. Again that would be the converse of what we've been in, right? Just volatility.
Loren Starr: We've said that when you get no market benefit, so if you just stayed flat to where we're on an average asset basis, the second quarter to first quarter, that organic growth would allow us to see revenues improve and so we would be able to get incremental margins up sort of 50%. And if we had a market that's helping us grow and FX I would say as well, incremental margins could be much higher to 65%. So we would hope to see, as Marty had talked about, our operating leverage begin to work in our favor as opposed to work against us as assets are recovering. And we absolutely will see that happening, particularly as we manage to maintain a fairly tight control on the expense side. So that would be our hope, is to get us back to that 40% and hopefully this year just through organic growth and expense management. If we have market on top of that, we should be able to do better than that. So there's nothing that stopped us from generating very strong operating leverage on the plus side if you have positive markets plus FX plus organic growth working in our favor.
Loren Starr: So the $1.9 billion in long term flows were across a variety of capabilities, investment grade fixed income, we had bank loans, we had some aging equity. We had real estates, we also had PowerShares in each of the regions across a variety of capabilities. Probably a lot of it was low volatility offering and I think we did continue to see some positive flows in GTR as I mentioned which has been a big driver. Pretty diverse capability, maybe more heavily focused on alternatives than anything else.
Loren Starr: The good news is that the State of Rhode Island Mandate is not in this number. It does not include that. And so the record number, we're up 50% versus prior-year. We're up about 5% versus prior quarter. We've traditionally not and I think we will probably continue the tradition of not giving explicit numbers, because they can be misleading in terms the ins and the outs. And this is really what we have line of sight of in terms of the ins, but we don't have as much of a clear line of sight on the out.  But in terms of indicative levels and the pipeline and the success you have seen on the institutional side which has been, I think you've it in every single quarter. We feel very confident that we will continue to see growth in terms of the sales or success in that channel.
Loren Starr: I think absolutely. Across every single market that we're looking at that and I think that is the point, is that it's the consistency. We will not be the fastest grower in the industry because that going to mean you've got the one product that everyone wants in that one market. And then because we have a very diversified set of offerings, some are entirely active, others are on the more passive side and so depending on the market that we're in, we should be able to grow at a more, I'd say, modest rate but a still very good rate of that 3% to 5%. And it could be in terms of those markets scenarios where active is an outflow and we're winning on the passive side. That's not going to be every market, but it certainly has been a current market where we're seeing the interest in passive being at a higher level than some of the active offerings. But again, you've seen our active and passive both actually succeeding in this environment.
Martin Flanagan: Good follow-up question. So, that was my point. Actually, if you look at the value portfolios, they have had quite a bit of exposure to energy and financials in particular. And the year-to-date performance actually has been quite stunning and that's really started in the last couple of weeks here, where things like comstock is ninety-percentile, growth and income four percentile, American value three-percentile, so really, really very strong. So strong teams, really do a good job with their philosophies and it is a high conviction approach and yes, the number are coming in really strong.
Martin Flanagan: There is absolutely nothing in the way of us exceeding 40% margins where they were again. And I think that the issue, as Loren sited, it is a timing issue more than anything else with markets. But I think also very importantly, regardless, even though the market has come back some and flows are picking up again, we continue with the optimization programs. And we're going to finish those and again we'll just be net better off because of all of those activities.
Martin Flanagan: Bill, we're very excited about it and we look at it differently than the other, you want to call it technologies, robos out there, it was actually developed for the advisors themselves. And it is an open platform and it can use everything, all vehicles from ETFs to mutual funds and those are the limitations of some of the others. And ours is to be supportive of the advisors, not to compete with them and so there is no direct-to-consumer element to it and that was by design. And so we're able to just have a much deeper relationship with our clients, all the thought leadership that we have is an element also, delivering our solutions capabilities to various different clients through that, so another very good venue there. And again the combination of the high conviction fundamental and factor based capabilities, whether they are mutual funds, ETFs, UITs. So we think it is also going to broaden our channel, our exposure, in the RIA market and that has been sort of an early indicator and quite frankly, the level of interest has been quite surprising. And I think frankly somewhat driven by the DOL also, because they are looking for technologies to help serve their clients and it is a market that really needs tools like this.
Martin Flanagan: You're a good skeptic, so thank you for the question. So yes, I meant inflows. Total net inflows is about $3.7 billion right now and $1.9 billion are long term flows. The institutional pipeline, again and you're going to get tired of hearing it, but it is a good news story, it is an all-time high, again, so that is another area of ongoing strength for us. I will say we're in that season where, that's today, what the flows are, this is a month where there is all that rebalancing throughout the industry. So we don't have line of sight, who knows what happens between now and the rest of the week, right?  So it could be a little noiseful, but I will tell you the quarter, if it stays on this path, will be a good quarter. But it could look a noisy, you know, month to month, just because of all the industries are rebalancing which is pretty typical and will not be unique to us. A very different environment, I'd say right now, than just where we were in January/February.
Martin Flanagan: We're all in the advice business, being good fiduciaries is a critical thing. And putting clients first is absolutely essential and the industry of trust matters a lot. And so at that level, the notion of fiduciary ruling having better outcomes for end-clients, that is a great thing. I think we're all supportive of it. But it's really the magnitude of what has been included that went way beyond that notion. And what we learned with RDR and it's just an absolute fact, there are more unadvised individuals because of RDR right now and there probably will be individuals that need advice the most and the totality of the cost has gone up and I think that is a really bad outcome. And I think there's a lot of -- and you can see that happening here. That said, so what are the lessons learned that we had from that is be aware of that. We also see, that is also why we went down the Jemstep route. We know we can help clients with tools like this, advice more accessible for those that could be hurt frankly from the rule. And again, that is not the intent of the rule, that's what we think as possible. And also, very importantly, how we position the firm. And I think this is what's being missed in the conversation. What money managers are going to do well and we might be challenged. If you are an index hugger, active management, I would say you are in trouble. If you have high conviction fundamentals and factor based capabilities like we do, I think you are positioned very, very well. And if you look at the work we have done, when you look at high conviction actives, you do get better returns through market cycles, but it is not just excess return, you have better down-site capture. You also have better risk-adjusted returns and I think that's really the value proposition that collectively we need to make clear. It has been a beta run since 2009, largely with lots of government intervention and you start to look at quarters like this where all of a sudden you see active managers outperform the S&P by 300 basis points, 350 basis points that is pretty impressive. So again, I think you have to have high conviction fundamentals and the factor base, we believe very, very strongly in the combination thereof. We think positions us very well. And much of that would, as you would say, come out of lessons learned that we learned out in the UK. Tried not to be long-winded but--
Martin Flanagan: We still feel a very important part of our business, we still look at it as an engine of growth over the next few years. It's the magnitude of change and the impact to the Company has been very positive the last few years. Clearly with the market uncertainty, you then you do some of the macro-environment there, whether it be bright 50, some of the concerns on the continent, it did definitely slow down the quarter. That said, we just feel very well-positioned. We look to continue to gain market share. With regard to performance, somewhat of a similar story -- some of the U.S. portfolios I mentioned, there's some of the exposure in some European portfolios were in financials and some energy and so there was that little bit of a drag per period, but again, they are very, very good managers, excellent and highly regarded. I would classify it more as market uncertainty than lack of confidence in the investment team. Uncertainty dwindles some, it will never go away. I think we will be back on that growing path.
Martin Flanagan: Not just retail, but again EMEA in particular is another area where the growth prospects for the institutional business are very, very strong. Early days of success from what we're anticipating over the next couple of years.
Martin Flanagan: Good question, I would answer it two different ways. It is one of the areas that we have invested in quite strongly over the last number of years, because we anticipated, as Loren talked about, the factor base element of it, it's a growing part of the industry. We're a leader there with some very broad, long-dated track record and so the investments have been meaningful. With regard to the flows, I think what you have to look at is how narrow the flows were within the factor based ETFs. And probably from September through the end of February is about as narrow as you've ever seen.  And what we're now seeing, as Loren was talking about, why are the flows picking up the way that we're? We're seeing a broadening of interest in the range of capabilities that we have. So we look at it as an important subset of that whole factor base that we have as an organization and we feel we're absolutely on top of it. And I think you will start to see it again in the flows here as we move through the year.
Martin Flanagan: And I would just add that, again, it's not a concern about GTR success. We think it's a positive and again Loren made the point before, if you look at the range of capabilities in EMEA and the very, very strong performance and the reputation of the teams, it is not a concern as far as I'm concerned.
Martin Flanagan: It's a good question and needless to say, there's a team of people that have been working on it just in case that happens. And the good news, just as you were pointing to, the way we have our product ranges set up right now, we're in a very, very fine shape. And also the way that we have our operations is also set up in a way that we will not be impacted negatively. There is a small exposure. If we sort of extrapolate, I think it's a couple billion dollars of some assets that we think could sort of get caught up in the crosshairs. But again, this is scenario planning, so exposure's high. So from that point of view, we're very well-placed. The issue is, if it is an outvote, it is going to be the stated time, they have until mid-2018, that they would still be a part of the EU. I would say most people that are very involved in this will tell you the likelihood of trade agreements and the like are going to take longer than that. It's just hard to assess what the psychological impact on investors would be. That said, we just think relatively, we're very well-placed to deal with it as it goes through. And I think really just getting past the referendum is going to net positive regardless of what the outcome is.
Martin Flanagan: I think if you look, historically we've been one of the most absolute consistent growers throughout all the different market scenarios. I think what we have learned, if you look at the last quarter again, when you are in a January/February environment it is just very difficult. When you get more to an environment that we're in now where I guess there's still plenty world uncertainties, a Firm like us, you will growth. And you'll see it both institutionally and retail and again as both Loren and I brought out, you can see looking at different parts of the world right, again, each region is actually growing. You don't need a lot, it's just where you have a massive uncertainty that it is very difficult.
Martin Flanagan: It's a good question and I think the reality is we've got to believe it's going to be taken by the distributors and how they are going to want to be addressing the rule. That said we're and I'm sure everybody else is wanting to be incredibly helpful to distributors as they work through the issues. That said, what I believe strongly is that there is a very, very important role for advisers. We believe that's the best way to get outcomes for clients and also believe strongly that high conviction fundamental capabilities and factor-based capabilities are what advisors want to do because they know that's how they can give a better value proposition to their clients. And just mechanically, the industry is pretty close already, through the range of share classes that will be available, that the vast majority, they will be an advisor-based plans. And these are stripped-down share classes that really you know what's going to be used. And so I would say money managers are -- I'm sure most everybody is well-placed in that area. But again, it is a little bit of -- time to take the lead working with the distributors on it. It is really complex actually, the role, but the high-level assumptions that we've all made are probably still in place.
Martin Flanagan: We didn't. Again so much of our assets are in omnibus and quite frankly, if we just made the determination by coming up with a number, it'd probably be more misleading than helpful. We would probably have at industry levels or just slightly less than someone with regard to exposure. That is our estimate.
Martin Flanagan: Let me answer this way, again, we've talked about the range of capabilities. We think that is very important. Jemstep is open architecture which is very important. That's the only way we can be credible in helping our distribution partners and if it's important to them, it's important to us. That said, the other element is we have Invesco Consulting which has been a really, really important part of the value proposition we provide to advisors to help them work through all these different topics. That and the thought leadership in combination are going to be, we think very, very strong forces and us being into a position to -- be strongly placed to help our distribution partners do what they need to do.
Martin Flanagan: And I just want to reiterate a point that Loren made earlier too. We feel strongly that the 3% to 5% is very, very achievable and that's really -- we have not been in, for a good number of years, a market that is kind to active and equity investing. And I do believe that is going to change. I know there's a lot of doubters, but it can persist this way and when that happens, I think you will be at the high end of the range.
Martin Flanagan: Good point. I'm sorry, what was the second part of the question? I got the third part. I can't remember the second part.
Martin Flanagan: It is gross sales picking up. So typically what happens in those downturns is the first thing that happens, people stop buying and that's where you get that -- so you're actually starting to see gross sales pick up which is a very important indicator, I would say a sort of sentiment. And then with regards to the various SEC proposals, my view is the indications I would say is that the SEC absolutely wants to get them done. They also absolutely want to get them right. And they are much more willing and capable of working with the industry to get the right answers and so again we'll have to see one by one. So that would say they are going to come, but I'd say they'll ultimately get to places that are workable and we will get to a relatively good spot. I will say again though, back to some yet earlier conversations, this does continue to put pressure on -- all it does is drive up compliance costs and you know, in a difficult market is it's very difficult for institutions to -- and these are not optional expenses. You do compliance costs in cyber and I think that's being a larger money-management manager, you'll be in a better place to be able to deal with those. So again, that will be a continued dynamic, I would say in the industry.
Martin Flanagan: Well thank you very much and on behalf of Loren and myself, thank you for your time, your questions and your interest and we will be in touch soon. Thank you.
