Allison Dukes: Sure. Why don't I start. I'd say the overall message on the health of the portfolio is, yes, as you said, it's good. Look, it is in terms of where we are from a cyclicality perspective, it's been a challenging environment. That's not unique to us, and that has a lot to do with some of the – just the backup and transactions in that market as rates have increased, the return profile, the ability to put leverage on some of these transactions, it's more difficult. And that's caused a back up, a slowdown in some of the transactions, which slows down activity overall. That said, as we tried to highlight some of the detail we provided, our portfolio is performing very well. And we are long-term, very optimistic about how we're positioned. And I would say everything is performing as one would expect in an environment like this. And we think we've made a lot of good strong decisions to diversify that portfolio, especially managing down the office exposure in advance of some of the downturn of the last year, and we feel good about where we're positioned overall. What does it take to see activity pick back up? I definitely think normalization in the leverage markets will help quite a bit. That has been, obviously, with some of the bank challenges that started in the first quarter and progressed into the second quarter. That wasn't helpful. But as you start to see, I think, some conviction around the rate environment stabilize and you see banks and leverage markets performing at a more normal level. We'll start to see activity pick back up. I think demand remains strong. I guess the last thing I would say is, certainly, we saw some challenges as it relates to institutional allocations. When you saw equity markets and fixed income markets declined pretty significantly over the past year that cause a lot of institutions to be overexposed in real estate as equity markets and fixed income markets improve, the denominator effect is less of a concern, and some of the allocations there come back in line with what's expected. And that's going to be – that portends well for the future pipeline.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Good question. Thank you. And let me clean that up a little bit. $20 million in additional costs that we expect to incur in the third quarter with $50 million of net realized savings that we expect to be realized in the beginning of 2024, not the end. And so yes, to answer your question, that would be net savings that we would expect to fall to bottom line tax affected, of course.
Allison Dukes: Let me take maybe the second one first. That would primarily be dispositions. The vast majority of that would be deliberate choices that were made, not declining asset values there. So it's been a rocky environment but not an entirely terrible one to try to exit and reposition that portfolio. So I think we were I think our timing was good in a lot of ways, we moved quickly, and we've been able to, I think, show the results very quickly. So that – there's a good news story there, not a bad news story. In terms of what's – I'm not sure I followed your question on traditional office versus not in traditional office.
Allison Dukes: No. It's not larger than what we would define. If you think about what's outside of what we would consider traditional things like medical office buildings and things that we would truly consider to be different than mid-rise, high-rise kind of office exposure.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I'll take the first one. I'd say the redemption rates in the open-end strategies. And again, what we tried to do was narrow down the percentage of our portfolio that is an open-end strategy. And with that, normal redemption rates through the cycle would be kind of 5% to 6%. And as we noted, we'd be on the higher side of that. We would be above that range. And it varies though and it varies quite a bit across the different products. So on average, it's a touch higher than where we are today. Operating though very normally and very consistent with what we've experienced in cycles like this over 40 years in the business. So more than anything, I think what we hope to convey is it's quite normal and quite manageable. And there are no liquidity issues or concerns across any of those individual funds. I'd say maybe, Andrew, you want to take direct lending.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question, Brian. So on A&G, just a reminder of one thing I've said that we've had A&G costs for the last year plus in our transaction integration and restructuring expense. And with that, you discontinued after the first quarter, you do see our cost base now fully loaded through our GAAP financials with the cost that we are incurring for Alpha NexGen and some of these organizational-related changes as well. So it is a difference that does cause changes in our overall operating expense base I noted that it was about $7 million in the second quarter and that we would expect it to be at about that level for the next few quarters. We will be hard at work on Alpha NexGen really through 2024 and into 2025. So we will be providing ongoing updates, but I think that's a reasonable expectation for the cost right now. In terms of savings, savings will come once we are able to go live. And we do not – we will not be going live until we are in 2024. And then we will be running parallel for some time. And then savings and rationalization really is something that would occur on the other side of that. So as we get closer to 2025. So we're ways off from providing you estimates on how our expense base could improve over time. But we are entirely focused on a successful execution right now, and we do expect the cost that we saw in the second quarter to remain in our cost base for some time as we really focus on the execution here.
Allison Dukes: Thanks, Craig. I think, look, as we've noted all along, we've had several priorities that we've been working really hard on making parallel progress on and one of which has been improving the balance sheet overall. And improving the balance sheet is what gave us the capacity and the flexibility to be opportunistic in the second quarter and execute on those buybacks. And we were pleased that we were able to do so and to do so without any additional borrowings on our credit facility and continuing to manage our net debt down. So – those are the types of things we need to see to put us in a position to be opportunistic going forward. We were not particularly pleased with our price when we were staring at something that started with $14. And so we did have the opportunity in the second quarter to make some progress there. And I think you should expect over time that we're going to be disciplined and diligent and continuing to improve our balance sheet. But where we see opportunities to return capital to shareholders, we're going to do so as well.
Allison Dukes: Well, so I would say, look, it's been a strong partnership with State Street. We've worked closely on the execution of this for the last couple of years, and we have been negotiating around the ultimate cost of this, and it is an important partnership on both sides. And I would say both parties have been responsive and thoughtful as to both the cost and the time that's involved here. So you should expect that's ongoing, not something that happens on the back end. What's gone right or wrong? I think that's harder to answer. And I guess I would say, in many respects, it is large and it is a bit unturned for both parties. And so we've been working together to try to do this in a way that's very thoughtful and provides the benefits we're looking for, for our business. So I think if I could say anything, I would say probably everything going harder and longer than you expect in large-scale technology implementations. And I don't think that's unusual, but one that we are certainly making our way through. We feel good about where we are right now. We feel good about the attention of all teams from both parties and the work that's underway. The fact that it's taking a little longer than we expected. I don't see it as a huge negative, but one that is just something that we're figuring about as we go along on both sides.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Let me start with China. That was just announced in early July, so just a couple of weeks ago. So we are evaluating what that means for our portfolio right now. Our estimates right now is that those fee cuts will impact about $24 billion of AUM, so about 28% of our portfolio there. It's early, and we are still working through a lot of this in terms of both timing and overall impact. The timing is perhaps here in the third quarter, but certainly into the fourth quarter as we anticipate revenue being on a net basis lower, somewhere between $5 million and $10 million per quarter. Now that's for all of the JV. And of course, we own a 49% share of that. But with that lower revenue, there's also lower compensation changes that come with it. So the ultimate impact to net income will be much lower than that. And I think we'll be able to provide clear guidance around all of that at the end of the third quarter. Overall, I'd say we actually are really well positioned with that change just given our more mature market positioning in China overall. As a reminder, we're the 12th largest asset manager there, the largest foreign – and we have a very mature business, having just celebrated our 20th anniversary there. And we actually think this reform is really going to facilitate high-quality development of the overall mutual fund industry in China, and that's going to just serve to accelerate growth and really better serve investor needs. So while there is a near-term impact, we actually think this portends well for the overall growth of the industry in China and that we are well positioned to capture some of that growth. To your question around fee rate and what that means, what we expect from an exit perspective going into the third quarter. We've definitely seen continued declines in our overall net revenue yield, and that's really a function of mix shift dynamics. We gave a lot of color on that in the prepared remarks around just the uneven recovery across asset classes and the particular impact of the risk off sentiment in our overall net revenue yield. I'll say we are not seeing fee pressure, but we are seeing high demand for some of our lower fee assets even within our passive assets. We see high demand for some of our lower fee capabilities there. As an example, our two largest selling ETFs in the second quarter were the QQQM and the S&P Equal Weight 500. And those would both be on the lower end of kind of our fee range for our passive capabilities. So on the one hand, we're incredibly pleased that we continue to capture flows and we're well positioned in areas of client demand. On the other hand, that does continue to put some pressure on our fee rates. What does it mean going forward? I think we expect the mix shift dynamics to continue. That said, we're pleased with some of the recovery we're seeing in some of our active equity strategies, both in terms of market recovery and diminished headwinds as it relates to redemptions and improving sales particularly as we see performance recover in areas like our developing market strategy. So net-net, I think you should expect continued modest pressure, certainly dependent on market recovery dynamics from here.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Well, some puts and takes in that line item. Real estate transaction fees were actually a little bit higher in that line item in the second quarter as compared to first quarter. But the negative, what was offsetting that was a lower front-end fees. You really just saw a decrease in some of the transaction fees that were driven by a decrease in equity sales. So puts and takes always a little bit of a lot of discrete items in that line item.
Allison Dukes: I think that's a reasonable expectation. I mean it moves so modestly up and down. It's hard to predict that as that's kind of discrete level. But you can probably look at the average over the last couple of quarters, and that would be reasonable.
Allison Dukes: Thanks, Dan. I do think over time, you start to see the decline in the fee rates start to abate. I don't know where that is exactly, but you can look at where the demand is for some of our higher growth capabilities. And those fee rates, if you look at – let's take the ETF portfolio and our passive fee rate, that has declined, and that is all available in our disclosures. And that declined to just under 16 basis points in the second quarter, which was down about a basis point. But again, that's because of what I just pointed to in the growth in some of our capabilities that are in high demand that are around a 15 basis point fee rate. If you look at some of the areas of our ETF capabilities that we're trending off in the last couple of quarters, that would be around commodity and currency ETFs that are going to be on the higher side. And once we see in more of a return to a risk on mentality, we would expect that to come back. So I think, look, our passive fee rate, I think it probably is in that 16-ish basis points over a long-term horizon. China has obviously had some pressure given the fee cuts we just talked about, but that is on the much higher side, much higher than the firm average, and we expect to see continued strong growth in China as the economy recovers there. Our private market capabilities would be on the higher side, too. You kind of take all of that, you think about the barbelling and one would think that, yes, the fee rate starts to even out roughly, maybe diminishes a bit more as we continue to see some of this mix shift, and we continue to see the growth of our passive capabilities. But over time, over a longer-term time horizon, it should start to abate and even out a bit. Scale, getting to scale and our passive capabilities has been something we've talked about a lot, something we continue to be very focused on and getting to the second part of your question, aligning our expenses around that. It takes some time to reposition an expense base that was built to support who the company was seven, eight, 10 years ago to where we think it will be seven, eight, 10 years from now. And it's really part of the methodical work we are undertaking now as we continue to simplify the organization and continue to look at how we can reposition our overall organizational structure as well as our technology and operational structure to support where the business is going and continue to really scale there and focus on the marginal profitability improvements, we think we can garner as we get to scale in some of those asset classes.
Allison Dukes: And in that, I think the concluding comments as I would say, we feel very confident we can improve operating margin from here. And that remains our area of focus. The challenge and the really fast remixing of our asset base over the last 12 to 18 months, has been a pretty tough challenge to contend with. At the same time, we've been making deliberate changes along the way, and we think we're really well positioned to capture really start to improve operating leverage over time, and make sure that the expense structure of the business is repositioned to really support what we think the revenue environment will be for the next few years.
Andrew Schlossberg: And Glenn, I'd just add that as we look forward to opportunities, recall our portfolio is fairly global. So the dynamics are pretty different outside the U.S. than the U.S., and it's a pretty diverse national footprint as well in the United States. Also I'd say is real estate debt is something we're hearing increased demand for and have capability there, and we're going to continue to focus on opportunities in the debt side of the market. And then the last thing I'd say is, while the institutional market is fairly well penetrated, the wealth management markets in the U.S. and globally we see tremendous opportunity where portfolio allocations are less than 1% to things like real assets at the moment.
Andrew Schlossberg: Sure. Thanks, Brennan. Good questions. Maybe just to start at a high level of what we're trying to achieve. So our aim of simplifying and streamlining the organization, obviously, is to generate better profit growth, but it's also to improve quality of investment performance. We want to simplify the organization so we can accelerate more quickly strategic execution, and we want to be able to use our scale and leverage that we have in the business. So what we did was we started this process earlier this year. And to answer your question, it's going to continue through the course of this year and going forward. This is an ongoing effort to continue to reposition our business for where client demand is. A few examples of some things that we've been working on and will continue to work on. One is around investment team simplification and quality improvement. So for instance, we brought together three multi-asset strategy teams into one. We're further bringing together our fixed income platform around the world. We've enhanced leadership, global leadership with our co-CIO structure and fundamental equity. So things like that around investment team simplification, we'll continue to focus on. We're also looking to globalize core elements of our client engagement and client delivery. So we combined leadership in the Americas and EMEA. We established a single marketing organization. We're globalizing digital platforms, and we're taking out complexity in our product platform. We combined our ETF and SMA and custom index leadership and reduced our product line by over 150 products. So lots going on in the client delivery side. And then we're simplifying and reviewing our operating and enterprise models sort of end-to-end looking for ways to take advantage of those front-end changes and move them through the cost base and be more efficient. And then the last thing I'd say, which I think speaks to what we're going to continue to do going forward is evolve the culture. And so we're going to be tightening our execution edge as a team. We're going to be simplifying our operating and organizational models, which we've started, and we're going to enhance the accountability around profit growth. So you should expect to continue to hear updates from me and Allison regularly about these efforts.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. In private credit, we've been building out our capabilities over the last few years in distressed and in direct lending. And demand, both from institutions and emerging from high net worth retail or wealth management continues to – we continue to see it. We continue to have asset raises and focus both in the U.S. and in Europe. We expect to continue to see that demand for the reasons you described. I'd say given that we're relatively new entrant into that space, and we're building our reputation it will be a driver, but it will take some time for it to be, I think, a meaningful part of the private markets, enterprise like our private real estate franchise is.
Andrew Schlossberg: I'll make a couple of comments, maybe and then Allison can jump in. We're really pleased with the growth and it was deliberate. I mean we focused on quality in the cash management, money market side, client engagement and pricing, and it paid off. We saw $15 billion in inflows this quarter. It's important to remember, 85% of our business is institutional. And we don't expect that to change. We're very strong there. We've moved into the top 10, and we're taking market share I think with high yields continuing for some time, it's going to continue to be a drive on demand, and we expect to continue to take share. Allison, I don't know.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. So we're – I'll start by saying we're very focused organically. We think the spaces we're in, in private real estate and in the private debt side of the markets are the places we want to be. We'll continue to look over time, obviously, to grow that organically. And if things present themselves to extend off of that, we'll pay attention. But our focus right now is growing them organically. In addition to some of the things that Allison already covered on the recovery on the institutional side of things, which will – we think will happen in time. The real growth driver for our real estate business is going to be through the wealth management channels. We started that effort several years ago. We've seen strong placements for our nontraded REIT strategy, and we're going to be and continue to be in market with strategies like those, including on the debt side of real estate. And as I mentioned, the penetration in wealth management for the industry is less than 1% with most expectations getting it to 10% to 15%. That will take some time. So we think with an offering like we have in a pedigree, combined with our wealth management distribution strength in the U.S. and in Europe, that that's going to be an amazing opportunity. We've invested in those areas already. So the growth is going to come to us in the next couple of years, and we think it could be meaningful. So those are the areas that we're going to be focused on in addition to the institutional space.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. The commitment is high from – obviously, from both parties and other related parties that are working on it, we're really heads down trying to get the execution and implementation done, and we feel good about that.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. If I can just go back to China and just for – just to add a couple of comments, a couple of additional comments. I mean, certainly, market sentiment post-COVID has been a little more negative, and it's been slow. But I think the Chinese government's pro-growth reforms and the things that policies and actions underway. We're starting to see some of that demand come back. And I'll just reemphasize something Allison said, which is our strong position there and our conviction about the Chinese asset management markets growth. It is very early days in terms of investors' sophistication and asset classes. It's very early days in retirement markets and our position being there for 20 years with close to $100 billion in assets under management, good performance, a good reputation and a bit of a moat around competition coming in, really bodes well for long-term success in China, and we're looking forward to seeing that for the years to come.
Andrew Schlossberg: And I think as Allison was alluding to on the revenue yield, client demands and broadening of markets, which we talked about in our comments are two of the things that have a major impact on the revenue yield, and Allison pointed some of those. In terms of the scale and the expense space, the scale of the company, we're certainly going to benefit from our side. I think as Allison was alluding to, we're going to continue to look at the different component parts of our business and what's required from an expense-base standpoint, in an ETF franchise versus a private markets franchise are going to be – are obviously different. So we're going to continue to look business by business, not just our global scale.
Andrew Schlossberg: All right. Well, we'll just wrap it up by saying thank you, and we look forward to speaking with everybody next quarter. Have a great rest of the day.
