Colin Meadows: Thank you Loren. I would like to echo my colleague’s hopes that all of you are staying healthy and safe in this challenging time. Our institutional business had a strong quarter as our clients by and large are taking a measured long term view in line with their investment objectives. We realized gross flows of $26.9 billion in the quarter with mandates funding in a variety of strategies, including custom solutions, stable value, investment-grade credit, and real estate. Redemptions stayed largely in line with prior quarters at $15.7 billion, largely as a result of rebalancing decisions. These results allowed us to realize long term net flows of $11.2 billion in the first quarter.  We also saw significant net flows of $26.3 billion into liquidity products as clients look to ensure financial flexibility through the crisis. A growing share of these flows resulted from direct liquidity mandates, which will provide us with the opportunity to help our clients meet their diverse investment objectives as they eventually transition these assets into other strategies.  Our won not funded pipeline remains very robust at $31.9 billion. Our focus on becoming trusted partners to our institutional clients has resulted in wins across a variety of strategies, including factors, solutions, alternatives, and fixed income. This result compares favorably to prior periods as it’s twice our won not funded pipeline on a year ago this quarter and is a 20% increase over our pipeline in the fourth quarter. We are especially encouraged that institutional clients have remained engaged through the crisis as $14 billion of that total are mandates that were won in the first quarter. As a result of the COVID-19 crisis and social distancing measures across the globe, we’ve transitioned to a completely digital engagement model, and institutional clients have responded. We’ve hosted 20 webinars and webcasts that have attracted over 2,000 clients globally. Our week Market Pulse webinars have been particularly impactful as we responded to client areas of interest, including investment implications of COVID-19, updates on global financial markets, government and regulatory interventions, and implications for key investment strategies and products. Institutional clients are increasingly looking beyond the crisis to understand what’s next for their portfolios and member plans. Clients have expressed interest in a diversity of strategies, including multi-asset, stressed credit, real assets, EM equity and liquidity. We’re also working closely with our Invesco solutions team to engage clients on changes to their investment priorities and portfolios and are introducing Invesco Vision, our portfolio analytics tool to these conversations to provide real time modeling of various scenarios. We believe that supporting our clients as partners through all environments will allow us to deepen these important relationships and ensure client success. Now I’ll turn it over to Andrew Schlossberg to discuss our Americas wealth management and global ETFs business. Over to you, Andrew.
Colin Meadows: No, I think you nailed it, Marty. Obviously institutional clients do care very much about the financial stability of the parent. It has not been a topic on clients’ minds up to now. I think they feel that Invesco is a very strong company and, to Marty’s point, I think we think that the actions that we’ve taken to date honestly reinforce that and would expect that our institutional clients would view it the same way.
Colin Meadows: Sure, happy to. Momentum has been strong. As I mentioned before, the pipeline is--won not funded pipeline is growing. In fact, it’s actually grown each of the last five quarters consecutively, and so we feel that we’re being quite responsive to institutional client needs and that’s reflected in wins.  In terms of when it will fund, what typically happens is that pipeline will largely be funded through the end of the year. It usually takes about two to three quarters for the pipeline at any given time to be funded. There’s obviously some things that will tail off beyond that, but that’s a good expectation. In terms of product, it really is going to be client dependent and depending on needs. We are seeing strong momentum, continuing momentum into our solutions and factors capabilities, continuing momentum into alternatives [indiscernible] real estate and real assets, continued momentum into various fixed income categories. In many ways, it reflects the portfolio dynamics of institutional clients globally.
Colin Meadows: It’s still a work in progress, but we are getting increased inquiry, particularly in the current environment. It’s not reflected enormously in the pipeline as we see it, but in the longer term pipeline that we have that’s beyond won not funded, so these would be things that were more on the qualified side, we’re starting to see early interest.
Colin Meadows: Sure. From an institutional standpoint, I think we feel quite comfortable with the support that we’ve received over the years from a seed capital standpoint, so I can’t think of anything that’s been slowed down, nor would I anticipate anything going forward.  I might reinforce Marty’s point and Loren’s point, MassMutual has been a fantastic partner to us in the support that they’ve shown for a number of our strategies, particularly in alternatives. They’ve been just tremendous, and we would expect that relationship to continue to blossom going forward. 
Colin Meadows: Sure, happy to. I think as we mentioned earlier, MassMutual has contributed $425 million to two of our real estate strategies. The first is a non-traded REIT strategy, really targeted at the retail market. We’ll figure out the timing of when we would launch that strategy as the markets start to settle down in real estate, so you can get some sense of value and valuation. That was a key capital investment, and then they’ve also contributed an anchor LP position in one of our Asia real estate funds as well.
Colin Meadows: No, I’d just reinforce the points that were made. It’s a core skill, and I think as Andrew mentioned, the ESG book is a product but, equally important and maybe more importantly as a factor that can be applied across portfolios, is of critical importance. In fact, our ESG capabilities have been core to a number of our wins, particularly in the solutions space where that ability was critical from a client standpoint. We feel quite good about our capabilities.
Marty Flanagan: Thanks Andrew, and before we get to Q&A, let me just close out this section by saying we had a good quarter in what was an incredibly challenging macro environment. The key points to take away from the conversation we just had, investment performance in key areas continues to be aligned against where marked demand is and a strong investment performance [indiscernible] as we look forward.  Total outflows of negative $ billion, an extremely challenging quarter really reflects [indiscernible] diverse platform, including long term flow scenarios we consider strategic. Average assets under management remained flat to Q4, and since that time has gone up since March. Margins are 4% higher than the same period a year ago, reinforcing the power of the combination with Oppenheimer and the benefits of scale. Finally, we’re making prudent decisions around expenses and capital and liquidity, allowing us to build ample liquidity and financial flexibility to support our long term growth. With that, why don’t we open up to Q&A.
Marty Flanagan: I think the other thing, which is a really important point we’re trying to make, we’ve built scale in this organization. We came into 2020 with some of the highest EBITDA margins in the industry, so that puts you in a very different cash flow position than a number of your competitors. Again, that will all the other actions we’re taking, the company is very strong and, again, we’re just trying to be very prudent at this moment.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, and I do want to reiterate Loren’s comment, and I tried to highlight that. The way that we’re operating, and I’m sure many organizations, it is absolutely going to change how we operate going forward, just how we operate the business. But really, the client interactions, they have never been more robust, more frequent, more meaningful than this period that we’re in, and it’s good for our clients, it’s good for the organization, and it will just create a very different dynamic. The operating model and costs associated with it will definitely change going forward. Do we know what [indiscernible] right now? No, we don’t, because frankly our heads have been down taking care of our clients and taking care of the business, but it is going to be a changed world, and I’d say for the better, frankly.
Marty Flanagan: In particular, where we’ve seen it so far is on the retail side of the platform. It’s global equity, emerging markets equity, and institutionally that is exactly what’s happening now, so those are the conversations that there’s a lot of interest.
Marty Flanagan: I think the main point that we’re trying to make today is just literally to create optionality, right, and it’s such an uncertain market and I don’t think any one of us has the answers as to what things will look like, but these steps again are very proactive. It just puts us in a much stronger position to [indiscernible] if markets start to recover, and that gives us the different options. That’s the main point.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. There was [indiscernible] in the quarter, and it just continues to accelerate at a retail level. The institutional engagements with the important clients out of there also continues to be quite strong. Again, that’s continuing as we move into this quarter. Maybe Greg, do you want to add anything from your perspective, because there’s a lot of demand from the fixed income group too over there. 
Marty Flanagan: Again to reiterate the point, we’re just creating flexibility right now. We think that is absolutely the most important thing to do until there’s greater clarity in this environment. The message to take away is we have the capacity to pull any one of those levers, and when we get greater clarity, we’re going to pull the lever that we think is most impactful to the organization. 
Marty Flanagan: Yes, as Loren said, our action is very similar to what we did during the financial crisis. The first thing you do is you protect the organization and the employees, so you protect [indiscernible] as you protect shareholders. That’s exactly what we did, and [indiscernible] effectively stop spending, [indiscernible] stop spending and it creates really some security and some flexibility. That’s what we’re doing right now [indiscernible] which you’re going to hear from all of our peers, I expect. We happen to be in another position where coming out of Oppenheimer, we said we’re moving to what we call Day 2, to look at greater, more permanent operational opportunities to create ongoing efficiencies in the organization. We were heading down the path, we had to hit the brakes to take care--to get on top of this, the COVID challenge. We’re now turning our heads back to that, and as we get greater clarity and confidence of when we come out of that, we will absolutely share with everybody.  But again, I just want to come back to we know how to do it, we have a track record of doing it, and we had already started down that path, and we’ll just pick it up as things start to settle.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, why don’t I make a comment first and then Andrew can speak to it, and Colin and Greg are in the middle of it, [indiscernible] happen. I think there’s no question, and again I think it depends on what--where you sit. ESG is just an absolute necessity for any investment organization to be deeply engaged in. Beyond what your opinion, it’s absolutely a business necessity in Europe. If you are not very strong, you are incredibly disadvantaged. It is gaining legs here in the United States and also Asia. But what I will you as an organization, we are deeply engaged in ensuring we have ESG capabilities embedded in our investment capabilities and various offerings.  Andrew, do you want to start with some of the--maybe talk about the [indiscernible].
Marty Flanagan: So that was the last question, and again I appreciate everybody just spending time with us and engaging, and we’ll be chatting soon. Thank you.
Loren Starr: The only thing I would add is--I mean, one of the things that no one’s presuming is that post this COVID situation, that everything is going to be back to normal, right, so I think we are learning things, as everyone is, around how we can operate perhaps differently, and that reflects a whole slew of some of the costs that are business as usual costs around travel. Honestly, we’ve gotten very good at using digital method for interacting with clients and how we use space and other things, so I do think there is a variety of things that are being looked at and that we will continue to explore with respect to what should the operating model look like going forward.  Beyond that, I think right now we’ve definitely hit the brakes. We’ve done this before. This feels very much like the way we managed through the financial crisis, and you can look back to how that worked through. But we’ve been very diligent and good about stopping spend around areas that I think we can keep a handle on for some period. The bigger opportunity is, as Marty already alluded to, is around some of the structural opportunities around technology, operating platform, which we are well down the path of looking at.
Loren Starr: Yes Ken, good question. Our decision to reduce our common dividend by 50% was done certainly with an understanding that the environment could weaken from here. It wasn’t necessarily our working assumption, but certainly we’re not thinking that we’re seeing a snap back going forward. But we don’t intend, and we certainly don’t intend to make another difficult decision like this again, and we do feel confident that this was the right action at the sufficient level to give us the flexibility that we desire to manage the balance sheet, even if the environment were to deteriorate from here, and we’ve stress tested this all which ways. I do think it’s important to note that while 2020 is emerging to be more challenging than we anticipated, we are still operating, as Marty mentioned, from a position of strength. This isn’t a reactive move driven by liquidity concerns at all. Instead, we are proactively addressing the opportunity that we have to improve our leverage profile and to maintain financial flexibility, which is going to be required to invest in client enhancing and growth capabilities going forward.  We feel comfortable that this was absolutely enough, that what you were suggesting is not needed, and of course we looked at everything when we were setting this. It was not a decision taken casually, and there was a lot of stress testing involved.
Loren Starr: Yes, I don’t think we typically have done that. We sort of stopped that practice a while back, Ken, so I think we’re going to continue to not do that, just because it’s still too short a time frame to really judge what is going on. I think obviously March was a horrible month. Things are better, clearly, in the way the market is evolving, but beyond that I don’t want to get into actual numbers.
Loren Starr: Yes, so on the latter one, yes, 675 is what we’re suggesting as the average run rate for the remainder of ’20, and so yes, we’re saying that in terms of the net revenue yield less performance fees, that we’d be suggesting two basis points off of where we ended in Q4. That is the guidance that we’re providing.
Loren Starr: All right, so the actual quarter was 38.7 for the quarter, so we’re talking about two basis points less, so 36.7. 
Loren Starr: There’s still strong interest. It hasn’t grown dramatically. We are still talking about a couple of hundred million in terms of AUM, but the interest is still there. The product is still considered very attractive. Obviously in the current environment, things slowed down, and that number is with all the market impacts. 
Loren Starr: There’s a lot of ins and outs. We had some dynamics where you had--you know, money market was a huge flowing in, that’s at a lower fee rate, typically 10-plus basis points but lower fee rate. You had the funding of a significant solutions win, which was also single digit fee rate. You had Qs coming in, which are sort of non-fee driving. It’s hard to parse all that through. That’s why I provided the guidance, just because it was really hard, I think for anybody to really understand the full impact, plus you obviously had the market which was obviously compressing some of the higher fee equity components within our mix. So again, it’s a complicated fee rate thing, and even hard for me to forecast which is why I typically don’t do it, but we wanted to give you that two basis points, which we think sort of puts you at least statically where you should be, based on March.
Loren Starr: It’s a good question. As I mentioned, we’re not committing at this point in terms of de-levering. We are very confident, though, that we have the ability to have the financial flexibility to do so. In terms of what that could mean, obviously taking our credit facility down from 508 to zero, eliminating the obligation that’s remaining on the forward purchase of $220 million by April, and then finally we have the $600 million that’s coming due in November of 2022. Under a very dire scenario going forward, we could cover those requirements handily through the existing liquidity without further borrowing. Our focus would be on having the flexibility to de-lever as we come up to those events, or maybe even sooner if we decide that’s the right thing to do. I think if you were to look at our debt to EBITDA ratio, we’re higher than we are comfortably wanting to be right now. I think we would rather see--if I’m just looking at debt to EBITDA, where debt is our long term debt, let’s not provide anything around the preferred at this point, sort of getting closer to 1.25 times to 1 time has been the long term target that we’ve had in the past, and we’re not that far away from that number, but there is opportunity for us to bring that down further going forward. 
Loren Starr: Cash flow from operations is strong. We see somewhere between, and this is based on current March end levels, so again somewhere between--you know, in excess of $950 million to a billion of cash flow from operations going forward. Even in the stress scenario, that number holds in reasonably well, so that’s a huge contributor. Again, the non-cash elements, when you add those back to earnings, you get to those types of numbers. Hopefully that gives you a sense of how much cash generation we are providing just from the business.
Loren Starr: In general, yes. I mean, this is obviously extraordinary times, and I think you’ve certainly seen other companies draw fully on their credit facilities just to get cash. That’s not what we’ve done, but I’d say the normal sequence would be, yes, there’s a normal draw that happens on the credit facility in the first quarter, and then we generally pay that down. I’d say that would be the right way to think about it, and the cash flow that we generate would allow us to do that, for sure, would allow us to pay down the credit facility, would allow us to, as I mentioned, fully pay back the forward commitments and still generate excess cash.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think the pipeline has a fee rate, because of the growth in solutions, that’s just a handful of basis points below the firm’s aggregate fee rate, so it has come down a little bit, but it is still roughly in line with the firm’s overall [indiscernible].
Loren Starr: Yes, I think you saw in the quarter, we basically moved--I mean, we reflected the full--it was about 380--I think a little more than $380 million that was reflected through a purchase price adjustment. Marginally there was a small component that went through transaction integration. That’s been reflected. In terms of the expectation for recovery, I guess one, it’s going to take a while in terms of ultimately figuring out what the final number is, but we do believe that the number that we provided and we took through our balance sheet is the right number, obviously, but it is an estimate. Ultimately it needs to get confirmed as we go through the full detail of those client by client impacts, and that’s not going to get known for probably many quarters, so you’re probably talking more about a 2021 understanding of where that shows up. In terms of recovery, we have expectation that we’ll going to recover the substantial component or a majority of that number, if not all. It is still something where we have to work through insurance, the claims that we’re putting through as well as ultimately the normal indemnification that came as part of the transaction when we took the business over. So right now, at least in our thinking, there is nothing substantial or material that you need to think about in terms of net cash out as a result of this.
Loren Starr: Yes, it’s an interesting dynamic. I’d say we’re fortunate in that the majority of our business is institutional money market business, which tends to be lower fee, so the topic of waiving is not nearly as relevant or impactful as it is if you had a large retail component. That said, I think as we move into 2020, there probably could be some amount of fee waiving that we’ll need to do in order to maintain a certain limited amount of yield on these products. I don’t think it’s going to be a material amount of money. It’s probably order of magnitude, and again these are sort of swags a little bit, so it could be a little more than $10 million on an annualized basis. But we are still looking at those numbers right now, but as I said, it’s not that material for us given our mix of business.
Loren Starr: I’m not sure if--the only thing that we all know is the amount of cash that we have within our European subgroup, that’s nothing different than it’s been in the past. It’s sort of in the range of $700 million--not a range, that’s the number, but let’s call it $700 million, so that has not changed. That’s still roughly the number. Beyond that, there is nothing I’m aware of where we have any need from a regulatory perspective to provide cash or capital.  If there’s something specific, Brennan, you’re getting at, please ask. I’m not sure if I’m answering your question.
Loren Starr: Well, we absolutely have the capacity to pay it down, so I think it’s a flexibility topic, as to would we rather pay down the revolver, would we rather keep cash? I don’t know if we’re at this point ready to commit to the timing of the pay down or when we would pay that down, but I would say that we are going to--in terms of a net debt perspective, it’s effectively paid down as we get into the end of 2020. You should think of it that way. How we actually manifest it, I think we’re still looking at.
