Marty Flanagan: Thank you very much, and thanks everybody for joining. This is Marty Flanagan, along with Loren Starr, our CFO, and Andrew Schlossberg, Head of the Americas. And if you're so inclined, the presentation is on the website if you want to follow along. That said, we're going to follow the format that we did last quarter where much shorter prepared remarks so we can get to Q&A. Loren will get a brief overview of the business results before we get into the questions though. And as we've discussed on previous calls, we view this combination with Oppenheimer's multi growth - multi-year growth story that deepened our relationship with Invesco clients, expanded the capabilities offered globally, scaled the business for both the benefit of our clients and shareholders, and we're already seeing that. This expansion meaningfully enhances our ability to grow our business, achieve very strong operating results, and compete in the ever increasing dynamic market environments. Importantly, this is a long-term growth story. That said, we are seeing real and meaningful signs of the power of the combined firm. We ended the year with just over $1.2 trillion in assets under management. That's a 38% increase year-over-year. That's a record high for the firm. We also have higher assets under management across all channels and all regions as we ended the year. Long-term outflows for the year were $34 billion. That's a 11% improvement from the prior year. We hit record levels of revenue and record levels of operating profits for the year ended 2019. We also achieved significant expense savings delivering ahead of schedule and at $551 million is more than $25 million ahead of the synergy target that we talked about at the time of the combination. And we'll continue to look for additional synergies in 2020. Lastly, and importantly, we did return $1.2 billion to shareholders in 2019. And looking ahead, we believe we are well on the path to continue to make progress to move into positive flows in 2020. The key factors that we've looked at are improving equity performance and several capabilities where they're in high demand, continued very strong fixed income performance, meaningful progress on the integration of our U.S. sales team, strong momentum in our growing China and ETF business, a very strong institutional pipeline, including large ones and solutions. And finally, the clarity on Brexit will help the investors who backs away risk on mindset and we are beginning to see that. So, I'm going to turn it over to Loren to give our results.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. No. Thanks. Probably three things I'd mentioned, I think the first and biggest driver of our net flows success in the U.S. is going to be in the fixed income space and that's both active and passive. So, as Marty mentioned and you can see in the deck, our fixed income performance is quite strong across the board. Those products are capable and ready and in particular in the muni space, core plus multi-sector again across active and ETFs, that's a big area of focus for us and where we think we'll see success. I'd say, the second is ETFs in general and factors. We had strong momentum in 2019 and we did around $16 billion positive net flows globally in ETFs. In both income and volatility mitigation strategies, that we believe is going to continue to be important to us by the second area. And then, lastly, I'd say on the redemption side just slowing the redemptions on the active equity strategies, improving performance is common international equity, certain U.S. equity strategies and we think coupled with that product integration clarity that I mentioned, and the sales team focus on those redemptions that should be a point of improvement in 2020.
Marty Flanagan: Great question. So, we're not talking about the end of the year. We look at it as 2020. We see the line of sight for inflows for the year with everything that we've just been talking about today. So it's not - you'll start to see it pretty quickly here.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So, Ken, thanks very much for asking. Yes, absolutely, because when we first talked about this transaction, as you remember, we said that there was a long tail to the integration that would take us through the full year 2020. And they were related largely to some of these technology and back-office elements. And I even referenced, obviously, there was $6 million that stepped up in this quarter really to outsource admin cost, and some of that will go away as we get through the end of this year - full expectation. So, order of magnitude is - there's something there. Probably if you look at the numbers, it was in the order of magnitude of, sort of, $10 million to $14 million that could be possibly generated. We still feel very confident that those numbers will get delivered. I think, as we said in the past, we still are evaluating how much of that might drop to the bottom line, guess - versus getting reinvested in some of the high growth areas that we've talked about like China or digital. But we are absolutely, through the course of 2020, going to give you full line of sight as to what we think can drop versus what we feel we absolutely need to use for reinvestment.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. But I think an important point that often gets lost is, don't correlate levels of fee rates to profitability. The ETF business is very, very profitable for us.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Let me make a couple of comments and then maybe Andrew can pitch in. So, it's really - we still think it's - that is very typical issue will be timing, right? So, what you can't foresee when you begin these things are relative performance. Loren hit on two important areas, the headwinds around bank loans that came over and one of the international funds. The performance in international is improving. I think it was - Andrew was talking about when you first to look for slower redemptions. But when you look through the totality of what's on that platform, we feel very confident about the opportunities. And we're also seeing opportunities outside of the United States already institutionally and also retail in EMEA. So, again, what we saw at the beginning is something that we still feel very confident, and it's going to be an issue of timing.
Marty Flanagan: If you look at where the impact is, where it's been real, it has been on the continent. If you're not absolutely engaged and focused on ESG inclusion, you have a real business problem regardless of what you think about it. And you can tell in the United States where from my perspective has been more of a conversation - pick up. So, it is definitely a real opportunity and really frankly something that is going to be actually pervasive, I'd say, throughout the whole industry globally, which is a good thing.
Marty Flanagan: The answer is yes. So let me try to hit the highlights. So, you're seeing continued rapid growth in China, we expect that to continue. The ETF business, what Andrew talked about, globally we continue to see that positive flows and increasing. There's more to do in Brexit, but round one has actually been very important. You can already start to see more positive activity on the continent. You did see some improvement in our UK business just in the fourth quarter. So, those are two areas where they were very strong contributors to our business a couple of years ago, but as Brexit became very real, I mean, we just saw an incredible drop off in any real activity as people went to the sidelines. So, those are all very positive, along with the institutional business that you talked about. So, again, this is - you're going to start to see, very quickly here, all these things starting to show up in the numbers. And it's quite broad, it's not one area.
Marty Flanagan: And you talked about the Oppenheimer. So, right now, I think it was Q4 introduced four different Oppenheimer capabilities into the use of products on the continent and they were often roadshows in Q4. So, again, that's the beginning of that and also where we've seen interest is, in the global equities, emerging markets equities, emerging markets debt, all outside of the United States institutionally. So, again, they're longer tailed engagements institutionally but they're well known, well recognized and there is real demand for the asset classes.
Marty Flanagan: Yes it's a very good question. And people are quick to point out there is the second part of Brexit is a trade deal - and how that's all going to turn out. You could absolutely sense incredible sigh of relief on the continent and in the U.K. with but just round one of Brexit being agreed. You can start to see that in the activity on the continent, in particular in fund flows it's trailing in the U.K., but again it's just total sense of relief that there is a pathway forward. Yes how high would that enthusiasm be is unclear but everybody that you talk about, talk to, there are record levels of cash on the sidelines in the U.K. and on the continent. And you're not making very much money at all needless to say with the rate environment and negative rates in particular. So that's why you're starting to see some sort of activity emerge. Yes, I can't predict how disruptive this next round of trade talks will be, but everything that we're seeing is round one is actually a very, very important positive step.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I'll make a couple comments and Andrew can chime in. So obviously in the first quarter call is the 8,500 advisors and literally it’s onboard and capabilities that couldn't make available historically looking at areas of alternatives that could be made available to that sales force. Also and some conversations going on looking at their general account around the portfolio’s capabilities that we have that they will take on as mandate. So again it's a very strong relationship, and we're expecting it to be beyond the important shareholding that we have, but also doing business together.
Marty Flanagan: Yes I will pick up, so the shareholding. So we continue to be - there is - meeting of the minds that will increase the shareholding - we’ve not come to final terms. But I think a very important point is it's less relevant for us than others because the point is we have management control and we have had management control of the joint venture. And so, we operate in China, as really a combined firm because of that and that's what's unique about it. If you look at the competitive nature of it, there is estimates that half the flows in the industry over the next 10 years can come from China. We been managing to Chinese securities since 1992, in the joint venture was 2004, very strong expertise management of clients in China $50 billion of Chinese whether it be large institutions or the retail business and we continue to see growth. So it is people look at as an opportunity, the fundamental fact very competitive, and to me my sense is that the start-up time to become successful is quite long tailed. So having the depth of capabilities and tenure and experiences. What we look at is a very important competitive advantage for us.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I'll make your comment Loren can pick up. So what you saw last year. You know our ETF flows were sort of record flows right. So the second largest inflows in Europe into our ETFs that's going to continue. Look it's early days post the Brexit, but the focus on active is actually picking up and we're seeing that early trend. And again, I mean, we're not even - we're almost done with January. So I don't want to extrapolate too much, but there has been a change already.
Marty Flanagan: I think I might just add two quick things, one is that initially cash balances being high the equity demand has been so depressed the last few years that just a pickup back into equity strategies off a low base is both active and passive we expect. And then the other thing I'd mentioned, which is relevant in EMEA, but also globally that we didn't talk about was we're seeing more demand come into alternative strategies throughout the world. Institutionally, I mean emerging retail. So I probably look for flows to return there as well as people come off the sidelines.
Marty Flanagan: Great good. Well, thank you everybody and have a good rest of the day and will be shared with you soon.
Andrew Schlossberg: Maybe it's rather important to kind of take a step back for a minute. While we did put the two companies together six months ago, it was one of the largest asset management transactions in history, as you know. And we started putting the teams together then, and we're just kind of getting them on the field now. One of the really important strategic decisions that we took when we integrated the companies was to rapidly change the distribution force to meet where a client needs are moving to. So we took a very holistic look at all of our resources and took a real sense of urgency to try to make change and to fully integrate them systems and people. So that was something we wanted to do swiftly and right at close. So, the last six months, we've made a lot of - we've had a lot of progress since then, and we positioned ourselves to start to hit the ground running here in 2020, start to see the progress throughout the year. And as Loren said, I think get into the back half of 2020 in a real way. Maybe to get a little more specific about your question though, I think there's three key reasons why we're confident in the progress we've made. I think, firstly, we've established what we believe is the leading distribution force in the U.S. wealth management intermediary industry. As I said, the second reason is that we've built out a single fully integrated team and product line by end of 2019, and that's pretty important that we were able to do that. And then, lastly, I think we created a truly relevant platform for top U.S. wealth managers that we serve. And as you know, they're consolidating those relationships pretty rapidly at the asset management level. Let me just put a little color around each of those, and then I'll pause and get to your second question. In terms of establishing a leading distribution force, at close, we selected the team and we were about 50/50 from Oppenheimer and from Invesco. So, we've got the top talent. We also achieved the synergy targets that you're familiar with, but we also repositioned the firm toward growth trend. So, we positioned towards high net worth or IVs well centers, digital data, things like that, while focusing on core key clients and segments like regional broker dealers, home office platforms. So, we think we've got that leading team in place now, resources repositioned towards the things I mentioned. I think we feel like we've built out an integrated team and product line by 2019. We announced the mergers of our products, ETFs and mutual funds in December. That was a big milestone. I gave clarity to analysts that cover our products on where we're going, and I think that was important thing to do. We've also got territories and training in place. We did a lot of that during the back half of last year to get running for 2020. And then, lastly, in terms of having a relevant set at the top of U.S. wealth managers, we have a significant seat at the table. I mean, now we have over $600 billion with client AUM. With U.S. wealth managers, we have client AUM, with U.S. wealth managers, we have half dozen clients greater than $25 billion in AUM and a top 10 position and the largest active fund categories and the largest sort of alternative beta ETF player out there. So, we've got everything served up we think for success into 2020.
Andrew Schlossberg: I mean, maybe the only two things I'd add is, we saw - I think through some of the disruption that we mentioned earlier and combining the distribution forces, you can look back at Page 8, we're still operating pretty well below our gross sales that we had as two individual companies. And just getting back to that level, which we think will happen sooner than later, then lets us sort of go into that acceleration mode. I think you'll see it - we're going to see it on the gross sale side I think to make that pickup happen. The other thing I would mention is, we've been focused a lot on the active U.S. retail position on page 8, but the ETFs are going to be a really important accelerator. And with this stronger distribution force together, we have a lot more energy and resource against growing that business rapidly as well.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. Hey. It's Andrew Schlossberg. I'll jump in the first instance. We've been, like many others in the asset management space, investing in the ESG space for some time. So, our first focus really is making sure that sustainability and other ESG factors are incorporated into our active strategies as a factor that they look at. Most of the demand we see from clients, including in places like Europe, is for inclusion portfolios not exclusion. So, our first protocol is to make sure that we're contemplating that. Where we anticipate seeing some increased demand though is in ESG portfolios and things that - that's the core focus of it. We've incubated and put strategies in place across our entire platform. One area of note, and then maybe Marty can pick up more fully, but in the ETF space in the U.S., we've been sort of running sustainability focused ETF since 2005. And they are in place. We have, I think, six or seven of them, and we're starting to see more demand. We expect to see more demand into next year. And likewise in Europe, we listed a set of strategies last year to address the same set of challenges and opportunities.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, the only thing I'd add is on the Advised insurance side, one of the bigger opportunities we mutually see is with model portfolios and solutions into that channel. Open architecture but also highly inclusive of our active and passive strategies. And so that's - what we see, it's a maybe one of the larger opportunities in the advice channel.
Loren Starr: Yes. And I think, in terms of the institutional pipeline, we've seen continued growth in the pipeline. Quarter-over-quarter, it grew about 4% to 5% both in AUM and revenue basis. A lot of that is being driven by real estate and other traditional areas, but we're now competing in RFP businesses or opportunities around solutions that we haven't in the past. And so, as a result, we're actually seeing larger scale win opportunities than we've ever - never - haven't seen those in the past. The one that you referenced, the $11 billion, is going to happen probably in the second quarter of this year. I think it was just as we said in the first half, it's probably more likely to happen in the second quarter. We're seeing similar opportunities like this of similar magnitude, plus or minus, that we expect to also be generated as an inflow in this year. So, more to come on the solutions, but we really, I think, are seeing significant success now bringing our solutions capability to clients in a way that we hadn't in the past.
Loren Starr: Yes. Again, so the one thing I would say that obviously this is just ex-ETFs. This is really just the core mutual fund products, additional products. There isn't a huge amount of shift that happens between the mutual funds. The biggest shifting that we've seen really has been the mix between mutual funds versus ETFs. This we don't think is going to change, I mean, even with the sale of more fixed income. I don't think it's going to have a massive or sort of material impact on these types of fee rates. But probably, as we do sell and continue to look at ETFs, that will have a bigger impact overall. And so, I do think there's still some amount of expected fee decline for the firm as a whole as we continue to sell ETFs at a higher rate.
Loren Starr: Yes. So, I think you should expect us to live up to our commitment of the buybacks, which we've talked about, $1.2 billion. We've got about $950 million completed through when we first announced. So there's some $200 million left that we're looking to complete in this year 2020. Again, we can do more or less depending on how markets react. But in terms of kind of what you should expect from us, it's probably a much more sort of steady normalized buyback pattern along the lines I'm just mentioning versus the very accelerated front-end loaded buyback that we were doing when the deal was announced. What we want to do is be able to build up some cash. As we've said, we want $1 billion in excess of regulatory capital levels. Generally we're not quite there yet. So there's still opportunity for us to build some more cash. And we do want to have some flexibility. Come 2022 when some debt is coming due, there's $600 million to potentially allow that to be paid down or we might roll it. But having that financial flexibility by continuing to build little cash is we think prudent.
Loren Starr: And obviously some of this has to do with the performance of the products. And we've seen some improvement. Obviously we continue to see an improving trend on some of the core products like international growth as a good example. That's going to really help us achieve those levels. But probably realistically within 2020 getting to 1% or 2% is probably not realistic at this point, and I think we have a path to it.
Loren Starr: Yes. I would just say, I mean, in Europe in particular, I mean, we just launched some new ETFs that were ESG focused in Q4. I know we have a bank loan capability that's all ESG focused that is also being told and doing well. And the big solution when we had in the U.S. that we've talked about was actually focused around ESG offering. So, we have the capabilities to deliver on ESG and we're actively pursuing those.
Loren Starr: And I mean, what we're just seeing is - I mean, solutions is, by far, in a way, the fastest growing part of our institutional pipeline. The other parts continue to grow, direct real estate and bank loans are - they are fixed income as well would be the areas that we see growth and interest.
Loren Starr: Yes so, on the first question you had. It does not include any incremental market returns that have already happened in 2020. So there may be some lift depending on where, what and how the quarter comes through. It's really based on year-end levels December 31 levels. In terms of incremental cost saves again, there is probably 10 to 14 that we easily see in terms of opportunity to deliver more synergies. And so that is something that we will as I mentioned sort of, be able to talk through as we get through 2020 as to how much of that could drop in the bottom line versus not. But the 3020 does not include any incremental saves at this point, it is really consistent with the 501 that we originally talk about.
Loren Starr: So again, I mean - you can kind of look at what happened in this current quarter to get a gauge where we did have equity markets sort of similar levels. So again - there maybe some parallel there now about the market and FX, about half of that was market and half was FX. So of the 21 that we are showing so you can get a sense as sort of roughly $10 million that could be due to an 8% lift.
Loren Starr: Yes, great question, Dan. So I mean we have been very focused on this deal and the synergies coming out of steel but I want to say it’s not where our focus stops. So there is a greater larger focus about what happens sort of day two kind of ideas around how can we make the entire firm more effective, more efficient and there is work being done completely separate from the Oppenheimer transaction about looking at. How can we simplify some of our technology and systems, particularly sort of some of the systems that may not be directly back office or middle office, but others that sort of get more into investment support and other things that could simplify the way we manage our various capabilities. And that's just as an example of something that is interesting to us, because obviously, we do have a fair amount of technical debt associated with supporting multiple teams. There may be opportunities for us to sort of streamline some of that infrastructure. So that's a good example of an area that could be quite large. Other things that have been clearly talked about beyond Invesco, but we are actively pursuing is how can we move more to the cloud. Having things that are on-premise is very expenses due to a lot of maintenance and support required for that kind of physical maintenance. And so if we can move more to the cloud, there really is a significant opportunity to sort of eliminate a lot of cost data centers and other things that are just not necessary anymore. So, those are things that we're working on through 2020. Probably as we get through its more of a 2021 opportunity for us, but we absolutely will want to talk further through 2020 about some of these ideas as well, not just the Oppenheimer ones.
Loren Starr: Yes, so in terms of the financial again I'd point you to our press release, we do provide detail in the footnotes that allow you full transparency in terms of the revenues and the expenses in our joint venture. What you've seen is that the margin sort of range somewhere between 40% to 55% I mean if it was down a little bit quarter-to-quarter I think, it dipped down a little bit this quarter. But generally they are well in excess of the firm's margins and it is a business that has the same kind of very positive incremental margins. You would expect for something that has generally higher fees and there is a lot of infrastructure necessarily required to support the growth. So financial I think it is a one that is going to help accrete our margin as we continue to see that business grow. I forgot the other part of your question.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think I'd also say just the investment performance of the products that they're managing is spectacularly strong, and so they really do have wonderful position in the market right now, and which has allowed them to be able to launch products, probably more rapidly than others, just because of there has seen as being experts in this area when regulators are looking at kind of who is equipped to do these product launches.
Loren Starr: Yes. So I think we're said it for solutions - at the solutions kind of typical fees I think single digits. So it is not higher fee, it tends to be at a lower fee, which is generally what we've seen. I mean a lot of the capabilities are going to be in the ETF space as well. So we're going to sit somewhat consistent with the overall FX strategy. So in terms of overall feed progression. I think we said we're not into forecasting kind of fee rates just because it is so hard with mix and hard to figure out different things around foreign exchange market that he was at around, but clearly with ETF growth you'll continue to see some focus on fee rates coming down as ETFs become a more prominent part of our overall mix, but as Marty mentioned is not margin sort of dilutive. This is very high incremental margins for that growth. So we absolutely have no issue with sort of our fees coming down due to ETFs growing the bigger topic has been outflows in the higher feed product and so that's the wildcard in terms of predicting this and we've talked a little bit about how quickly can we, so the stem, what we've seen around some of those higher fee redemptions were hopeful that we can get there through some of the things we've talked about,  but that's the bigger part to forecast and is the hardest wanted to say how quickly that's going to happen.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean, I would just say I think probably it's going to be a mix, but probably there is going to be a heavy component of ETFs flowing into Europe. Really, we've seen that and we don't expect that to change what we do think is probably helpful that some of the active is going to start coming back. We have some great products that are performing really well. European balance high income European corporate bonds are examples of the products that are doing really well from a performance perspective. So our European lineup on active is actually pretty strong. And so any sort of improvement on the risk off we're getting more risk on is going to be helpful for some of those cross border flows coming back to us.
Loren Starr: Yes. So the one-year performance has significantly improved on that particular product. And  screaming a little bit to see if I can find it right now, so I can actually tell you, but I think we've seen a real pick-up in is it…
Loren Starr: So it's definitely improved from where it was. So it's not so much that it's going to turn it around dramatically, but it will allow us to protect it and sort of maybe stem redemptions little. So that's going to be a big help to the flow story overall.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean just anecdotally, I know it's a short period, but I think on a three-month basis it's it percentile. So it's really come up well and so near term it's definitely performing well.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think, I don't have much more to add other than. Yes. So it's a huge opportunity, I think is less than 2% of Invesco AUM and the share of you just mentioned. So it's not material at this point, but the opportunity that is before us in terms of being able to actually penetrate the AUAs is very real one. So I think it's a story for 2020 that we hope we're going to be able to tell more fully
A – Marty Flanagan: It's a well-established team with high conviction and again money comes back also into the international equity space with some of the headwinds changing are continues to come in with the performance improvement we feel better about the redemption rate.
A – Marty Flanagan: Yes, so the total digital platform right now, there is $900 billion in assets under administration. So it is due to certain to come online. Pretty quickly you will see some advancements of clients into Jemstep here and then next little while the business on the continent continues to be very, very strong. This fourth quarter, we talked about the model portfolio launch, clients are starting to come online in that we suspect up probably mid-year before you start to see meaningful flows into that, but again we feel really good about the strategy and you'll start to see some good things happening here, but we'll talk holistically about.
A – Marty Flanagan: And to put in a context. So with the active model portfolios that were introduced in the U.K. about 18% to 20% of that content is Invesco products and so you put in the context of open architecture and the other distribution platform if you at 18% to 20% of the mark share that would be is basically 4 to 5 times higher than having a successful position and a traditional platform.
