Martin Flanagan: I think – so again, much of what I talked about earlier, I call them sort of leading indicators. Right? So the broadening of funds on platforms is, I think, prerequisite for ultimate success. And as I mentioned, that just improved quite dramatically. So Van Kampen on to some of the platforms that were less strong on, that is going very, very well. And if you look at the performance in the key areas, the US value in particular and the broader muni bond platform that we have now, very, very strong. I don’t think you are going to see – I think where you are hopefully going, Ken, you know, what kind of flows you’re going to see, it’s all going to be fully dependent upon really when do investors start to look to that US value equity is an asset class. And what I do feel when that starts to happen, we’re going to participate very, very nicely because it’s just a very strong track record. And so I personally think, Ken, this is a multiple quarter effort. And the other reality is that if you look at the performance, if you look at the depth and breadth of the organization of platforms that are being accepted and the funds on to the different platforms, that’s very, very good. We still have some work to do. We are a new name in the retail channel. I mean, that’s a fundamental fact. So, as I’ve said, if you put us against a firm that’s been operating with a single name for 15 years in the channel, that will run ahead of us out of the box. But I’d say we’re making very, very good progress, along the way to be a very, very important partner.
Martin Flanagan: And I’m just going to add one more comment to Ken’s question just to make the point. And as I was talking about, if you look at pre and post-close, average gross flow has been up 40%, which is quite, I think, dramatic in light of the markets we are in and also the redemption rate dropping 12 percentage points. But it’s really this broadening on the platforms and keep the client platforms. And since June, we’ve seen a 250% increase. Right? So that’s the number of products that are being put in preferred positions on platforms. So that’s a very, very good start, but again, I don’t think we’re going to be satisfied until we get probably through next year.
Martin Flanagan: I think – the reality is we have a very consistent competition philosophy in it; very, very clear plans in place that sort of match performance and results around the investment teams to compensation levels. And so, as the performance continues to improve and as the business does better, our mechanism is such to reflect that. But I’d also say we are very consistent. Because of that during the downturn, we had the ability also to use Invesco stock and the products that the investors invest in as long-term deferrals. So I think our mechanism is very, very good and very consistent. And again, I think you have to go back to – because we had got through these things, I think surface involved during the downturn and it will put us in a position to continue to report results and – but I think the reality is that we do better, so will, not just our shareholders, but also the organization.
Martin Flanagan: Maybe I’ll a couple comments and Loren can chime in. I think you have to look at the world in different ways. And funneling enough, I think the US retail world was uniquely impacted by the flash fashion. I think you saw that across the, which, Robert, you talked to, some of the investment banks with distribution. I mean, it just literally went on strike. And so you saw that. And I’d say, what you’re starting to see right now is, in mutual funds, and I think that was the area that was most impacted, mutual funds in particular, starting to get some confidence coming back a little bit in investors from that point of view and probably ultimately moving up the risk curve a little bit as people preferred to taking on risk. But I'd still say it's early. Where you did see it and what we saw, very much going into UITs, and ETFs and that was a real positive, I'd say for us and you probably saw that across the industry. But if you go to different parts of the world, whether it be Asia or Europe or the United Kingdom, we had inflows – retail inflows in each of those areas. So it was not as impacted as the United States was. If you look at the institutional pipeline, it just continues to grow. And for us, the mandates tend to continue to be very strong real estate. There's going to be very strong stable value, also some asset allocation capabilities that we have premium plus are really getting high degrees of interest. And so I'd say that's still a little more conservatively positioned than what we are seeing in the retail side of the business. And you do have some consultants that are actually very focused on fixed income and really limiting exposure to the equity market. And we can all pass our judgments whether or not we think that's the right asset allocation, but I suspect we're a lot (inaudible) to have some people moving towards the equity side of the business.
Martin Flanagan: Right. So, first of all, I'd say from an industry point of view, the President's working group’s comments and we are very consistent I think with what the industry was expecting to come out of it. From an industry perspective, we think we did a very, very good job in the first round of changes to money funds, and we think we have a very, very, very thoughtful next phase through the liquidity bank, which we think creates again a very compelling product as time goes on. So, at an industry level, I think, we're heading very much in the right direction. With regard to our own money funds, we don't have any – we haven't had any problems with our money funds. They are very well run. We didn't have any downgrades of credit. We didn't have SIVs, none of those types of things. So it's probably those firms that had SIV-type exposure that might be having to look to do some top-ups and we don't have to do that. So from a specific company point of view, we are in a good spot.
Martin Flanagan: I think we can make some broad comments, but the fundamental fact, it's got be company-by-company because they are all in different spots. And the notion of immunizing your portfolio at the bottom of the market cycle to meet doesn't seem very wise. So the combination of some firms that are able to get contributions, which we saw just in the last week or two, we saw some of those, I personally believe you're going to see some equity exposure go against that is very hard to close that gap by immunizing your portfolio just mathematically, you can't do it. But that doesn't mean that you won't see some firms that are fully funded or close to it that would take some risk off the table by immunizing their portfolio. So the reality is, well, I think we're all of us see where we see retirement growth, it's going to be in the DC world, but there is a tremendous amount of assets in the DB world right now. And I still think the merits of a well-balanced portfolio to deliver results are going to make sense. And maybe once funds or fully funded and they can offset the liability, you will see a massive immunization trend. But I personally can imagine that right now, considering the market cycle we came out of and one that we're likely to go into.
Martin Flanagan: Just on the timing point of view, it seems it would be very late first quarter. I think it should probably be more likely first half of second quarter, but again, the reason why we can't be more specific as we last time, I mean, there's multiple approvals and probably the hardest one that takes least predictable is the individual shareholder approvals.
Martin Flanagan: Look, I think you have to look at it as, on an immediate jump out of the box. Edward Jones being an important part of that, and then a couple of others. But – we don't think we're done. Right? And we think it's literally going to be all of next year before we get that sort of state that we think is sort of a more normal state. But it's – one of the questions earlier was just around LPL where very strong relationship, very strong – just want to call it, planning phase out of the box, but that's different than getting the depth of product that you want on their platforms, and it is just a lot of work as everybody knows it's really no different than trying to get buy ratings in consultant platforms. And so I'd say we are early days of where we want to get to.
Martin Flanagan: Let’s see. So let me answer it this way. So, as I said, our absolute understanding consistently was that the President's Working Group was going to lay out a bunch of options and the pros and cons along those, and that's what happened. The liquidity bank from my point of view and I think the industry's point of view really is a very, very constructive powerful thing that helps meet a primary goal that's trying to be achieved by the President's Working Group. And so I'd say, from our perspective, we think it's the more likely outcome just because it achieves goals that have been set out by the President's Working Group.
Martin Flanagan: I’m trying to – thanks for asking the question, Bill, because I’m answering sort of two questions. Right? So what we try to point out just by giving sort of pre-close, post-close, month-over-month gross sales, sales redemptions in that close, but we are literally trying to show out of the box you see. And again, it’s only four months of 40% – excuse me, five months of 40% average increase month-over-month in gross flows. So the message is strong out-of-the-box impact already. And what I think the next question that I was hearing was, are we done? And the answer is, no, we are not done at all. And we think getting through next year is with – my view is we’ll just see a continuation of broadening importance to important counter parties during that period of time. So again, where we saw a lot of the flows is really UITs were very important during this period largely around fixed income. We're seeing equities coming through right now in UITs, as Loren mentioned earlier. ETFs were very strong. But again, we're seeing just some much broader penetration within the channel that we are in. So I think we are strong out of the box and going to get stronger.
Martin Flanagan: Well, it’s – you're asking the right question. And again, I'd put in the context of – we're probably third or fourth inning from where I think we are going to get to.
Martin Flanagan: Just following up on that, again, we focused though a lot of our conversation around Morgan Stanley/Van Kampen transaction on the US side, which is obviously very impactful. But it has put us in a very strong position in Japan too, and just with local capabilities, but also institutionally there so.
Martin Flanagan: And I would just add one more thing. It's just – asking a question about Asia. I think as we look forward and just as the world goes in investor appetite from a US perspective, looking outside the United States, we have a very, very strong Greater China business, as you all know. But also when the largest managers of Chinese equities securities and in time, what we're – the feedback we are getting is some real interests starting to begin around Chinese equities, there is a greater possibility in US, not just retail where we've been, but into some institutional portfolios.
Martin Flanagan: Our view is once we start in the US, once we – so if you look at the depth and breadth of a product, quality of a product, we feel very, very good. And it's led by our investment management teams, and we think they are very, very strong. And so the next phase in United States on the retail side is just cleaning up the lineup, which we've sort of dwelled on today. But if you look at the separate distinction of best management teams, the quality of the teams, the performance, it's not just the United States, but outside the United States. We've started to talk about Asia for a second, and we find that to be very, very attractive for us. But quite frankly, our European business where – when the top-10 Pan European players, we think there is much greater scope for us to be impactful in Europe. And so again, our attention continues to look at what are some of the historical strengths of this firm and that's outside of the United States. And we don't feel that we are – there is lots of white space. There is always room for improvement with what we have, but at the moment, it's all looking quite strong for us.
Martin Flanagan: No. I think you hit it pretty well. Just from where we are, I mean, there is nothing imminent. As I said, we just don't sense that we have gaps and we think our greatest utility for our clients and shareholders is that put our head down and do a very, very god job with what we have.
Martin Flanagan: They have been approved. But that's just – that's on the platforms. That then means we have to meet the need of the clients. But –
Martin Flanagan: And I actually looked as they have done a tremendous job. And it’s really – if anything, it's the environmental factor.
Martin Flanagan: Well, Loren and I would just like to thank everybody very much for anticipating the questions. And again, we think it was a very strong quarter. We think we've positioned ourselves very well, do very good job for our clients and also for shareholders. And we will continue to move the business forward. So, thank you very much. Have a good day.
Loren Starr: The biggest driver of that will have to do with performance fees. But you’re saying ex-performance fees.
Loren Starr: It will generally move up with equity markets. So I would say, given the fact that assets are somewhat higher, we will have that. Obviously, UIT and Passive could change a little bit of the mix, but I’d say generally, with equity markets where they are and FX contributing, it should move marginally up.
Loren Starr: I think, Michael, again just to say, we don't have any specific margin target. So we will obviously move in line with equity markets and general markets. But I think the reality is that the – clearly you saw the impact of the acquisition was very helpful for improving margins and the idea that we could be in the high-30s in short period. It seems quite feasible if we maintain sort of levels of assets where we are today. So again, I think it is certainly in line of sight for us.
Loren Starr: Craig, there is no real expense reduction in 4Q and 1Q due to the mergers. The mergers will actually take place sometime – well, it could be the end of first quarter, sometime in the second quarter. We said there is an extra $10 million of expenses that would come out at that point in time, but all of the expense reductions that you've seen to date are really a result of just the taking on the business on our operating platforms and facilities and all the things that we've talked about in the past.
Loren Starr: Craig, it depends again on when ultimately we get approval for the transactions that are being proposed. If they are accepted by the fund boards, there actually would be information out this quarter through the (inaudible) of the funds that would perhaps begin some of the outflow at that point. So it could be somewhat in the fourth quarter as well.
Loren Starr: In terms of the firm’s cash, yes. So in terms of the firm’s cash, we had about $460 million of cash in the European – what we call the European subgroup. It's not just the UK. It's really cash that can be used throughout Europe out of the total of 664.
Loren Starr: The total amount of assets under management with performance fees is roughly $20 billion to $25 billion. It's probably closer to $20 billion. The fourth quarter, first quarter phenomenon that you've seen in the past in terms of performance fees had typically been driven through the UK. I think we've said in the past that we weren't expecting performance fees in the fourth quarter from the UK. And again, it's a point-in-time calculation. So it's something that we typically find very difficult to forecast. And so I would still suggest to you that you should not assume that we are going to see anything large coming from the UK in the fourth quarter. There may be some performance fees from some other parts of our business coming in the fourth quarter, as we've always seen some parts of the business having some level of performance fees, but probably nothing dramatic.
Loren Starr: I think – again, it’s being driven by, I think, interest in the product itself, which is tax efficient, very transparent. It is one of these products that I think appeals to many individuals who are looking to buy and hold. And it is something that I think we've seen the expansion of UITs go beyond where they traditionally were within the Morgan Stanley network, as they have sort of become part of the broader Invesco network. And so I think that's another contributing factor to the success. But they are a leader in the industry, and it is something that I think we feel that we can do a lot with. Fixed income has been a very big part of the interest in the UIT side, you know the Build America bond piece, but interestingly, and more recently equities have been factoring into that mix as well now.Cynthia Mayer – Bank of America: :
Loren Starr: Yes. Fee waivers were never a major factor for us simply because we have an interest in our money market business. So if there is a number in there, it's probably under $5 million in terms of fee waivers. So it's not a significant component. In terms of ending share count, it was 474.3 million.Cynthia Mayer – Bank of America: Great. Thanks a lot.
Loren Starr: Dan, I'll just say unfortunately as much as we'd like to talk about it, we can't, given where we are in the cycle. So I apologize. But anything that we say could be used against us.
Loren Starr: Well, obviously, it's the same thing that have allowed us to, in the past, generate higher margins where if equities grow, it's the higher fee rate part of our mix. There is certainly some amount of compensation that gets built up against those revenues. But incremental margins, as we've discussed, are somewhere at 60 – sort of say, 60% and in that range. So you can generate higher margins just through that expansion. I think the other parts of the business to the extent that we are able to continue the positive trend on sales and organic growth is going to be helpful for profitability, particularly if we are selling higher fee products, which again if equities are sort of coming into light, I think we would benefit from that as well. So there is one more element in the mix, not a major one. We've talked about in the past, as we continue to transition to our enterprise support centers and lower cost locations, there is some element of margin expansion that's going to take place there. And we are looking at taking on our India operation to our books sometime in early part of next year, and there is going to be some cost benefits to that as well.
Loren Starr: We saw some significant, interesting products in Japan. I think there was about $900 million of new sales in the quarter for US real estate product, say, as an example of our ability to sort of bring the best in Invesco to different locations. So, that was definitely one piece that stands out.
Loren Starr: I think there was also a large technology fund that was also launched that we provided too in the quarter. So again, all in Japan. So I think Japan has really been a very positive part.
Loren Starr: Yes. I'll also say that the acquisition that we did in Australia, I think, is going to help certainly improve our competitive positioning in that market. So, with a large-cap Australian product, now that is probably one of the best regarded and highest performing. So again, I think that's something we look forward to.
Loren Starr: Brennan, in terms of the run rate, obviously June was at $5.5 million. I think we suggested that we are moving at a higher run rate even this quarter with about $14 million differential. So call it $6 million to $7 million. I think, again, the profitability on these products are pretty well set by the industry standards in terms of what the sales charges are and what's retained. So there is nothing specific about any one UIT or any particular type of UIT that we are generating that is creating this. I think the other thing to note is the number of UITs are significant. It’s not one big UIT. It’s many, many different ones being continually launched throughout the course of the quarter. So it's a portfolio. And as they – as a particular UIT sort of comes to maturity, we have the opportunity to create a new one and bring – put those clients into a new UIT. And so it is sort of a self-perpetuating very positive cycle. The profitability is very strong with margins at the higher end of range of the types of the businesses that we have. So it's a very good business for us financially and it’s one that I think we do believe have some opportunity even outside of the US at some point. Obviously, regulatory barriers may still exist that would not allow us to bring us to different countries, but we are looking at that as well.
Loren Starr: Yes. In terms of the actual how successful we are re-upping, I don't actually have that information. But you are correct about the fixed income products. They tend to be in excess of five years, five to 10, even 15 years. So when you are in one of those, they are into a very longer period of time.
Loren Starr: I would suggest that this is the run rate. Obviously for all the business, we continue to look for opportunities to improve. But I'd say, in terms of kind of achieving what we wanted to achieve, I'd say we've delivered it.
Loren Starr: It's the extra cost to administer all the mutual funds that obviously we suggested are going to be streamlined. So that will come out when the funds go out. The only other stepped-up cost that we’ve already discussed is from the $95 million to $100 million is the actual implementation of the $15 million of marketing investment. That will start end of this quarter, early next quarter.
Loren Starr: No. I think it has more to do with the growth of some of the passive products that we have seen. There has been a real surge in that type of products.
Loren Starr: Fund IV closed in end of 2007, and $4 billion. There were two closes as part of that. One in the third quarter, one in the fourth quarter. And in terms of the timing around performance fees or the carrier that we'd be receiving, it's hard to obviously predict and has everything to do with how quickly things get invested and then get harvested and then has a lot to do with the current market environment. I think for Fund IV, it did not get invested as quickly as maybe some of the other funds have been, given the market that was prudent to wait and probably smart to have done that. And we have obviously been waiting for it to get to 75% invested because we could not launch another fund until that happens. In terms of the harvesting period, I think it's still going to be several years to be thinking about the timing before we actually see a performance fee. It's above the hurdle too. So you need to generate – I think it's 8.5% hurdle rate generally. So I would guide couple of years before you begin to think about performance fees for Fund IV.
Loren Starr: Well, we have our own models. We look out several years and we understand kind of our target growth rates and still we spend a lot of time thinking about the value of the firm and kind of our growth trajectory. We also look at ourselves. We also look to competitors, as you'd imagine. And so when we see that the market is not giving us value for – certainly this acquisition is a good example of something where we saw a disconnect. We felt very good about our ability to go in and buy in the stock at a lower price.
Loren Starr: I'll do the UITs. In terms of the UITs, in Q2, net flows were $0.4 billion, and in Q3, it was $0.9 billion. So, that was kind of the step-up there. I think obviously the UK sales were a bit at record levels. They came off a little bit in the third quarter. But I think the general feeling is it was a very positive element. So the only thing I would say that that's causing us to think that there is a trend going down or anything, I think it's just noise that may (inaudible) fund.
Loren Starr: That was more institutionally driven and one of our very successful products. So we have a very strong competitive position and a stable value, which is the type of product that goes into retirement accounts and it sort of used to be the default option. People who want to protect their assets will use that. And many of the large players in that space have been exiting, and we continue to have one of the best performing products there. So we've been seeing huge amount of interest in this quarter and then also in terms of the pipeline.
