Martin Flanagan: Great. Yes, from our point of view, we feel that we are really positioning Invesco for some real good long-term growth and success, led by continued strong investment results from our investment teams, continuing improvement in net flows as we had highlighted, and as Loren just discussed, strong underwriting operating performance, really offset in the quarter by some headwinds, foreign exchange in particular, and again, very, very importantly, the Van Kampen/Morgan Stanley combination on track to be closed on June 1st and we really think that we are going to be up and running quite quickly with all the efforts that everybody has put into it. So we will stop there and Loren and I will answer any questions that anybody might have.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. Let me take a crack at it and I'll let Loren. Really what it is, is the more – on the attrition assumption in particular, the more that we understand the business, the more that we've gotten around talking to clients and distributors, we just have a greater confidence in our ability to do that. Do understand, it is an estimate from our point of view and I think you're really on the topic. What will likely happen during this is always – I think we put ourselves in a position to be up and running and as effective as we can at least from my historical experience, has probably been the best that I can associate it with. That said, what's going to happen and as you get too close and then in the next couple of quarters afterwards, on the sales distribution side, it will probably slow down a little bit because what happens is realignment of the territories for the wholesalers, the big distribution partners are making sure that they go through and do all their diligence again and making sure that we've not done anything that they are not happy with and the like. And then it literally starts to pick up, probably the second quarter or the third quarter as we start moving forward. But we are just gaining greater confidence and insight into the combination is the key factor.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, these – the – what I did say was the broad categories that we talked about originally have not changed and it is holistically around sort of product lineups and the like, property and the operating platform. So it's really more of the same and again, it's greater knowledge as we get into it and greater opportunity. So not anything more than that.
Martin Flanagan: So our second year assumption is that the punch ratio goes to about 3.4%. So again, we are in outflows right now. And again, you just look at that relative performance and you go to a normal market, we think a 3.4% punch ratio is very doable.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. Look, it's the right question to ask. I think we and obviously the investment teams are very cognizant of it. What they've done is stayed very disciplined, stayed very much on their investment philosophy, fees, and process and when you had that rally and some people had referred to it as junk rally off the bottom, we just didn’t participate in it. And so not to get too micro, but it's really responsive to your question, if you look at our relative performance in January and February, it was really quite strong. And it was really just this rally that kicked in March and sort of first part April really has quite an impact on those short-term numbers. That said, you have to – you look at the strong teams, the strong long-term performance. If we are in a period where you are going to get another 20% up market, I suspect the relative performance would suffer some. I – but it's just hard to respond to that in a very specific way other than what I would say is the long-term numbers are strong, the teams are very consistent with how they've been managing the money and I think the – holistically, I think decisions are made on the – really the three-year number is probably the key driver.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. I would say you are not seen in the flows yet, it's not markedly changed. The – there is much greater awareness of the topic on our – you just pick it up everywhere. Our fixed income over valued at the moment, it is a more prudent way to move back into equities, yes or no. So you've not seen the dramatic movement, but I'd say very different than maybe a year ago, six months ago, people seem much more inclined to start to pay attention, but you've not seen that dramatic shift yet.
Martin Flanagan: Right. So the combined firm, basically, going back to, some of the – where Van Kampen/Morgan Stanley had been strong, we had been weak and it is really just almost incredible the trade-off in the different areas. By the time that we are done, we are – we will be one of the – and that's the point that we are trying to make on that slide 15, which is talking about the distribution, we are going to be a leading partner really in most every one of the top distributors in the United States.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I can't think of anything specifically that way, but what I would say is that interestingly, the UIT expertise, obviously very different products, but much – you can look to the ETF business probably (inaudible) the UIT business, so there's some real strong expertise and we have been having some real deep conversations about how can we do just exactly the question that you've asked and I don't have a specific answer to it right now other than I'm sure good opportunities will come from it.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so you are asking the right questions. So I think that's one of the things misunderstood about our fixed income business and how we are participating. The fundamental fact is if you look where we are strong, it's a big – liquidity business is big and strong and also, it's bank loans, CDOs, high yield, those are strengths where we have good teams and (inaudible) middle of that spectrum and some good performance. Largely, as I talked earlier, just about if you look at the results from IVR and net participation in the PPIP, very, very strong teams. But when you look at where all the flows are going, will it be global fixed income, in the retail market or some of the core fixed income mandate, that has just not been territory that has been an area we have penetrated on the retail business historically. So that's really what that gap is and I think that's probably most misunderstood in the market. Institutionally, the global fixed income product is getting some real traction and we had some good core numbers, but again it's different than what's happened on the retail side of the business. So a point – so to answer your question, what I really think is going to continue the fixed income business is going to be stronger when we talked about it a couple of calls ago, was there is a strong muni capability that we have, we have more of a – sort of the national muni presence. Van Kampen has a long history in muni bonds, largely state-specific, they also have a good high yield product too, which complements ours. So we are going to be very, very strong in muni market. So I think if we think we are going into a rising cost environment, we are going to be positioned very well there. So I think we will see some good strong growth in the muni part of the market for us on fixed income, regardless of a movement to equities. But to me, what we are trying to highlight on page 15, the key trends, so if you believe that flows into U.S. and international equities that's 17% of industry flows is too low, we are going to be a strong beneficiary of a movement away from equities into fixed income. And I don't think we'll be cannibalized that much on the fixed income side just because of the way that we are positioned in fixed income.
Martin Flanagan: Yes – no, what I was trying to communicate is we feel very good about the team and their performance. It's been in the institutional market, it's really literally trying to get traction in the retail market and it's really been over the last three years with Karen Dunn Kelley running the fixed income business that has become a single platform and it's really working through some legacy performance on the retail side of the business is why prior teams that we've just not had that traction.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I don't have the specific numbers, but let me try to answer that. I mean, practically what's going to happen is, as I said, it would be – the fact would be it will probably slow down for a quarter, because all of the partners will be doing what they should do and do due diligence to make sure that they are understanding exactly what we look like after the transaction. And that's – and then going forward from that point, we will just continue to pick up. I don't have the specific numbers of the agreement that we have, but what I can tell you is that, as I said earlier, we will be a top partner at those largest distribution – distributors in the country.
Martin Flanagan: No, you are exactly right. Now, that is what's happening and what we are doing literally right now, the various distribution salespeople right now are literally going through training.
Martin Flanagan: Over this past – it's been going on for two weeks, should go on for another two weeks. So our goal is to be as effective as we can, as quickly as we can serving our client.
Martin Flanagan: But that – let's understand it right, they are pulling the trigger. So they will decide when they decide.
Martin Flanagan: Look, I think it's even with sort of the runoff of – currently, if you look at where it had been historically, you are still at historical levels, right? We were just a big beneficiary of big inflows during the crisis as being one of the managers that was doing a good job. And so it's a very high-quality team, I'd say one of the industry-leading teams if you just look at what they've done and it is part a part of the whole fixed income complex. So it's not sitting by itself. So that credit discipline and expertise literally goes across the spectrum. And so when we think it's – we do it very, very well, we think we have good scale now. I think at the end of the day, quality wins and I think we are going to be one of the winners in that business. And again, it is just complementary to all of our fixed income capabilities and what we do. But – yes, as you look at it right now, I mean, that asset class is under pressure for all the obvious reasons, people seeking higher yields, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But that said, I think we are going to be fine.
Martin Flanagan: We don't have great insight into that yet for – until we get so close. But obviously, I think it's a combination of the fixed income business and really the improved performance. But I'd say it's probably more fixed income-based than it is equity-based.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So I think a handful of things. One, again, I just think what Mark Armour has done and the leadership, I think they first started by a range of investment disciplines and they are quite strong and performing quite strongly. You match that up against really the improving talent on the sales servicing side, I think that's going to be a very important factor for us going forward. It is also what is the appetite. So where we continue to see the appetite, it is – stable value continues to be an appetite, real estate continues to be very, very attractive to people, bank loans, CLOs, CDOs, those types of things are very attractive to people. This is the things that we are seeing. On the equity side – actually global fixed income is another area that we are seeing quite a bit of interest. On the equity side, the global equity capability is getting more interest. So it's pretty broad. But again, it's very reflective of what clients are looking for and it's different in different parts of the world, where if you go to U.K. and Europe, part of the quantitative team is based there. So there is a global equity quantitative product that's been doing very, very well in the U.K. So it literally is different region by region. But I would say the trend that we are on is as strong as it's been since I've been here.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I'd just like to thank everybody for their time and the questions and we will be in touch and we'll talk to you next quarter. Take care. Have a good day.
Loren Starr: Hey, Bill. It's Loren. I think the idea of thinking a little bit more back-end loaded is right. I mean, obviously, it progressively becomes – kind of gets factored in, but if you assume that 65% of the savings are in the last six months and 35% in the first three months, it's first half of the 12 months after close is probably the right way to think about it.
Loren Starr: I think that one is more ratable, because it's really just the annualization of the benefits in your – in the first 12 months.
Loren Starr: I think you can assume that it includes it in the second year, that's really the annualization of the benefit of the product streamlining that's going to take place.
Loren Starr: I think that we had – some of the things that Marty had mentioned, the PPIP, we had some funding that took place in the quarter, I think they might have been somewhere around $300 million of assets that were invested within the PPIP. I think we had some strong interest in some of the stable value products as well. And I think real estate, some of the alternative capabilities as well we are factoring into the numbers.
Loren Starr: I mean, that's probably the right way to think about it, Michael. That – we are pulling those businesses together and are going to be operating kind of in the same way we've operated Invesco traditionally. You are right about the blended rate, but I think because of our sort of being able to leverage our operating platform, we should ultimately be able to provide similar incremental margins. It may be difficult to achieve sort of day one, but ultimately I think that's certainly where we would get to.
Loren Starr: Yes. Well, on expenses, I mean, other than the impact on FX, no – I mean, in the first quarter, it was pretty straightforward. There wasn't any noise, so to speak. Obviously, you had the seasonal payroll taxes, but as I mentioned, that was offset by lower variable compensation. So I mean, if there was anything that was worth noting, those were the two things that were happening in the quarter. The other expenses, I think, were pretty much in line with where we thought they would be. In terms of cash flow guidance 2011, I mean, our priorities have not changed in terms of using our cash for funding capital needs for the business is the first call. The next would be acquisitions if they make sense strategically. And if they also have the financial merit that we require and then we'd be into somewhat increasing dividend and pay – and then stock buyback. The only other thing I would note on top of that we overlay, still a strong desire and a continued focus on maintaining a strong financial position on our balance sheet that there is value to the organization to have a certain amount of cash sitting on the balance sheet, which would make us less vulnerable if there were disruptions in the market as we saw obviously in 2009 and 2008. So our goal is to certainly run with enough cash, excess cash. That would allow us to have that flexibility and you can say somewhere around $500 million in excess cash above what's needed in the European subgroup. And so that would be kind of a – just a stake put in the ground right now, but I think to the extent they were generating a lot of cash flow, which we should post this deal and we've got those metrics in place in terms of the cash, we are probably back into certainly either whether it's an acquisition or a stock buyback. I mean, one of the two would be the next logical place where the cash would be used.
Loren Starr: Again, it's a good question. And obviously, you probably would want to have commercial real estate in a somewhat different spot than it is right now. I mean, I think there is still obviously issues that are being addressed in that market. I think we are hopeful that we are going to begin to see some healing there, sort of the first leg was the residential and now the commercial. So hopefully within – I mean, again, I'm not an economist, so I couldn’t really tell you, but maybe within a year. I mean, who knows. I – right now, when we plan, certainly we continue to plan ourselves assuming no performance fees and no levels of the minimal levels of transaction fees and that way, we are not fooling ourselves.
Loren Starr: So Roger, I think we obviously – there was a similar question about incremental operating margin and is it going to converge to what we've done in the past and I think the answer is yes. That's kind of the definite goal. Clearly, having more assets under management allows one to improve one's margins. And so I think it is clearly going to help our margin in terms of bringing on the business. So the firm will benefit significantly. I wouldn't say we are going to be at a 50% margin, but I do think we feel very confident that we can get back to margins that were sort of in high to the numbers that you've seen historically in 2007, with this acquisition and also with some equity markets behind us.
Loren Starr: It – day count is actually the secondary impact. I'd say the first and most important impact has to do with performance fees and other revenues.
Loren Starr: Right. So some of that has to do with the mix of assets. Obviously with the pound depreciating, some of the higher yielding fees in the U.K. become less impactful. So there is that aspect as well.
Loren Starr: Okay. There is really two places where we typically have realized performance fees in the year, the first quarter and the fourth quarter and that's just the way that these contracts have been set up and just to remind people, it's really a small part of the U.K. business, some investment trusts that have these triggers. I ask that very same question all the time, kind of are we going to get the performance fees or not and the reality, it's very hard to predict as to whether we will or not. I think the idea that it is within the realm of possibility that we could see it in the fourth quarter, but the fourth quarter is still pretty far away relative to where we are today. So certainly in the second quarter on the U.K. side, we wouldn't traditionally see any performance fees. The other place where we've been able to generate performance fees on a quarterly basis, second quarter and third quarter had been in our quantitative group, quantitative equities. Right now, I think where they are relative to the benchmark, that's probably not a realistic assumption for us to be looking for. So again, I would say it's hard for me to guide people on performance fees, because it's a tough one to predict and – but I'd say where we are right now in the first quarter is probably not a reasonable – I mean, it's probably a reasonable point to think about going forward and we will continue to update you if we see any change.
Loren Starr: It – I mean, there is some impact to the rate due to the integration charges, but because it's obviously a U.S.-focused thing and there are some things that are – we are going to get the tax benefit for and others not. But what we – the difference is largely due to the mix. If you think about the U.K., as I mentioned, becoming the smaller part of the overall mix, it has a 28% tax rate relative to some other parts of the U.S. at sort of a higher rate. It's really, I'd say, driven more by the mix of where we are earning our profit.
Loren Starr: Well, again, so excluding the impact of FX, there are really two elements in the first quarter. One was obviously, we have seasonal payroll taxes, usually $8 million to $10 million, kind of – you can look at the history, that's kind of where it's been in the past. It was offset by lower variable comp, which again was sales commission and bonus. Sales commissions generally move in line with sales, but the reality is there are some sales commissions get paid out at a higher rate than others and so it's a little hard to compare quarter-over-quarter. But I'd say, a good portion of the variable comp was related to sales commissions relative to the fourth quarter.
Loren Starr: Right, but I guess the point is because sales are up – I'm saying sales commissions can generally move in line with gross sales, but not always, because depending on what gets sold and when, there are different rates on what a salesperson might make and depending on what's been sold. An alternative product might pay out at a higher rate than a stable value product for example. So just – you can't just look at sales to know if sales commissions are going up and down.
Loren Starr: Two pieces. One, yes to that last point. So I mean, as we earn more, obviously variable compensation comes back and so that will generally move in line as operating income grows and hopefully that's where it's going. I think the other bit, as we have done in the past, we do have some degree of merit increase and stocks that are granted, deferred compensation at February – end of February. So you will see a little bit of sort of the full-quarter impact into the future quarters relative to the first quarter. So there is some amount of pickup through that bit.
Loren Starr: Yes, it's just the run rate for year two. As much as we'd love to give you the combination, it's really just $0.17 going to $0.19.
