Loren Starr: This presentation and comment made in the associated conference call today may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future results for operations, expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures, industry or market conditions, AUM, acquisitions, debt and our ability to obtain additional financing or make payments, regulatory developments, demand for and pricing of our products and other aspects of our business or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believe, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs, such as will, may, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q filed with the SEC. You may obtain these reports from the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update the information in any public disclosure if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate.
Loren Starr: Yes. And, Roger, I would just make the point that there's really a couple of elements. I mean, one is the top line growth and the opportunity to generate greater market share, capture and revenues. Then there's an infrastructure piece as well, which we feel is critical to support that success. The $40 million that we talked about, and which is primarily related to the outsourcing and the transfer agency but there's some other structural things within our product and distribution platforms that we need to work on, really will support that success going forward. So that's kind of how you should think about it, that the $40 million has its own cost-base benefit kind of stream. But that's not really what Marty was discussing. I think it's really kind of us bringing to bear resources above and beyond what we've seen in the past.
Loren Starr: Yes, Roger. We definitely are seeing the benefit of the transaction. One thing is just despite the fact that we have, obviously, a predominant number of our assets sort of located in categories within the industry that has been in outflow, we have seen our redemption rate improve better than industry by several percentage points. And quarter over quarter over quarter, just going back over the last several quarters, our outflow situation has been improving significantly, almost an accelerating way in terms of doing better each quarter as we come into the next quarter. So I think we're seeing it in the numbers for sure. And then in terms of, I think, the opportunity in the second half of the year, we've been actually very focused on all the fund mergers, and it's been a discussion with the distributors about what's going on with the fund mergers. And it's been hard to really get into the next leg of the transaction, which is really talking about we're done with that and now we can start focusing on the opportunity and being even more proactive with sales. So I really think going forward is where you're going to see the real sort of benefit of the transaction. And in the last half of this year or the first -- first half of this year, I mean to say, it's really been a little noisy because we've had to deal with all the fund mergers.
Loren Starr: Yes, Roger, I think we're going to maintain sort of an opportunistic approach to our stock buyback given where our stock is, and then value our stock, and you saw that. I mean some of the buying, I think, we've discussed is in line with us eliminating dilution associated with the share grants, the deferred stock grants that take place at the beginning of the year. We definitely did above and beyond that this first half. We are going to be balancing our approach though, and so we are going to continue to focus on paying down debt. So we don't want to lose sight of those capital priorities. But we are not, again, in anyway, sort of tying our hands in terms of what we'll do with the stock buyback. Hopefully, that gives you a sense of our approach.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think if we look at the Quant's, it was probably somewhere a little bit north of $1 billion outflow, just over the last of what we saw in terms of sort of determination. So we feel that we're largely past that at this point. So we're drying the corner.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean, just within the month, I think the flow pattern was sort of degrading through the course of the quarter. I mean if you have to think about, I mean, April was good. May was not as good, and June was the worst month. And so it was sort of a downward trend which, again, we're hopefully seeing some stabilization, but it definitely was in line with the industry in those -- in that trend line.
Loren Starr: I mean I think the other point is probably just we're having a huge success with our REIT products in particular and especially in Japan. This has been a very positive trend for us. That's not slowing down, in fact, so that's an element. And again, the U.K., positive, Europe, positive flows, so it's broad based. It's not just fixed income, and it's not equities. I mean, I would have been really pleased to see the crossover variety of those products on the retail platform outside of the U.S.
Loren Starr: Yes. I think, Mike, it's unfortunately too early to say. They've only been halfway there, and it's -- it is definitely a point-in-time kind of calculation that takes place. And we've seen there is a fair -- can be a fair amount of volatility in the short-term numbers and the discipline that's been run out of the U.K. So obviously, right now, year-to-date, doing very, very well. So I say if you just extrapolate, yes, there's hope, but I wouldn't want to be able -- I don't want to just extrapolate, because we still have 6 months left of a fairly unclear time ahead of us. So I'm sorry. It's not very helpful for your model. But again, when we think about our plans, we tend not to assume any performance fees and then just because it's so hard to actually forecast performance.
Loren Starr: Glenn, I think we have a definite plan in place in the state of our capital priorities. I think pretty clearly, we certainly needed and wanted to buy back some shares related to the share grant that were issued as part of our year end awards. In terms of the incremental stock that we kind of brought in through the quarter, as they call it around 200 million-ish was the amount, that is in no way sort of going to change the nature of our financial strength. And so we're very focused on -- continued to bring down debt. We have a lot of flexibility with the new credit facility to do that. And again, there was a little bit of just timing, because we had -- and leverage, because we had our -- we bring back dividends from the U.K. on a periodic basis, and we need to get all the financials in order to do that. And so again, I think you'll see through the course of the year all that kind of smooth out very nicely.
Loren Starr: Yes. So the -- there's no revenue growth assumed in that IRR. It is essentially an ongoing cost save that will occur at the end of the completion of the project, which is somewhere between $13 million to $15 million per year. And I think there's a small growth across -- maybe 5% of growth associated with that as the business assume to grow. So that's where the 30% to 35% IRR gets calculated.
Loren Starr: Yes, because we're going to have parallel activities going on. And so it's really when the project is complete that you're going to see the full phase come to fruition.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean on the harvesting, again, I think as we mentioned in the last call, it became substantially invested in Fund IV. And so it's at the point where you can actually begin to start sort of harvesting, and so that is the page we're in there. And so you'll continue to see activity, and we've done some of it that I think is notable in public note in terms of some of its holdings. So moving ahead, well, the -- on the fundraising, I really cannot comment, unfortunately, Bill, as we've said in the past just because we're in a position where the fund is still in a position of fundraising. I would say one thing though that, I mean, generally, with private equity fundraising, we're seeing, industry-wide, sort of a lengthening of time to raise funds at sort of an 18-month cycle now is what our sales force is telling us for most private equity managers. And so I think we're in that same space in case you're wondering what's going on.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean, again, I think I mentioned it in one of the other questions. But clearly, now our conversations are being centered on product solutions and not the fund mergers and the capital gains from mergers and all this noise around the products. So I think we have that in place going forward. So we have not seen that historically. And also, when you think about we're inning we're in, I mean, we're actually being rained on. It's hard to actually say when you're seeing kind of Armageddon, and you have that feeling and other things happening. So it is a little hard for us to sort of anecdotally give you some sense of how it's going, because we're in sort of an unusual time other than I'm looking at the numbers, and we're ahead of plan on sales across the U.S. and in the channels that we're looking at. And so I do believe we are executing exactly the way we would and even better than we thought we would. And really, when I think about the opportunity and then according to our plan, it's really the second half of the year is what we've been seeing consistently after the fund mergers that we're going to see the real benefit of the transaction.
Loren Starr: Just a little bit more color. I mean, the one thing that we have working for us very strongly even with most of our mutual fund product being centered on equities, UITs and PowerShares, products are more balance between fixed income and equity capabilities, and those have been consistent. We have seen flows, positive flows, in each of those areas for every single quarter for I don't know how many quarters in a row. So that continues to be a very strong theme. And again, we know both of those products are -- and I'm talking about traditional PowerShares products, very profitable for us. And then in terms of the mutual fund and some advice and SMAs, as I mentioned earlier, every quarter that we've seen since Q3, our redemption or our net outflow number on that product has been improving significantly, where it's almost gone in half from going from Q1 to Q2 of this year. So we do see the trend. It's very obvious to us in terms of the net outflow, improvement of the trajectory on some of those core things despite all this volatility that we're seeing on equity products.
Loren Starr: I guess, Craig, good question. I think it won't really directly affect us because of our Bermuda domicile. So we have no constraints, in terms of tax considerations, about bringing dividends back in terms of worrying about what that means for the dividend being taxed. So it's helpful probably for U.S. global asset managers but not relevant to us. We continue to bring back dividends from the U.K., from Europe, from Asia. And again, we get taxed on our earnings based on where those earnings are generated, so not really a topic for us.
Loren Starr: Yes. I don't want to commit entirely, but I'd say yes. I mean, generally, that's the right approach. We have temporary spiking up the leverage due to, as I mentioned, sort of this timing of when we bring back the cash from the U.K., and so that will bring down the ratio. And again, I think we are still quite focused in wanting to have the balanced sort of approach to paying down the credit facility. So I would say in principal, absolutely.
Loren Starr: Okay, let's see. I'm looking around for stable value here. Hold on. I think that probably, we've got some but maybe not as quite as strong as what we saw in the first quarter.
Loren Starr: Yes. And so in terms of stable value, again, I think you're going to have to take sort of a range right now, somewhere between $500 million to $1 billion. We're still looking to confirm, because some of it comes through the DC side, some of them institutional. So we have that together some numbers that I just don't have in front of me.
Loren Starr: Nothing off hand. I think, Dan, we're -- the ones that we highlighted are the big ones related to the outsourcing. By far and away, that's the big one. Anything else is probably just noise and nothing that I can really tell you about.
Loren Starr: Yes. I think -- so the 2Q 2010 has only 2 months of -- or one month of the pre-close situation. So think about only one month of the Van Kampen Morgan Stanley products being included, whereas 3Q has obviously 3 full months of it. So sales will grow. Obviously, redemption will grow, because the base of assets have grown at that point. So it's really just more of a mechanical formulaic saying as opposed to sort of looking at it and saying, "We're suddenly selling a whole lot more." It's just the franchise got bigger at that point.
Loren Starr: Yes. So the next one is April 2012. It's $215 million. The next one after that is February, and that's 2013, and that's for $334 million. And then the final one is December 14 -- sorry, December 2014, and that's $197 million. And there is no provisions for prepayment, so you should assume that they're going to be with outstanding through maturities.
Martin Flanagan: Let me try to answer. First of all, in the U.K., we're just -- no more play in the U.K., very, very strong. It was very, very successful, quite dominant, so we're looking to just go from strength of strength there. In Continental Europe, we start from frankly, a position of strength too. And there's less robust industry data, in a consistent way, than what you see in the United States. But from the work that we do, when we look at a peer group of what we defined as sort of the top 40 players on the continent, we've been, if you look at assets under management, sort of the top 20 players or mid-teens. And where we want to be is a top 5 player. And if you just look year-to-date, right now, we're already in the top 10. If you look at the investment performance across the product range, it's very, very strong right now, broad range of capabilities, as I said. Where if you look at the largest categories, the 20 largest asset categories on the continent, we have product in 16 of them and it's all quite good. So we're really starting from a position of strength on the Retail side. Institutionally, again, we've been there any number of years. We think we can just be much stronger in the United -- excuse me, on the continent by bringing greater range of capabilities, and we've been there with the European Equity product. On account of real estates, we've been recently very successful bringing in the Invesco Perpetual products onto the continent. So it's really going from a strong position to something that we think we could be much stronger at. So again, that's what we wanted to get -- to make the point today of where we're starting.
Martin Flanagan: Let me make a couple of comments. You're right. If you look at Quant performance, ours in particular has been very, very strong all year. And it was probably, maybe the neither of what was going with Quant third and fourth quarter into the first quarter of this year, where it was the favorite child in 2005 and '06. And it just really, as an industry, most under severe pressure. And what we are now seeing is because of the model's coming back and better performance, that it feels like that pressure's off and you're actually starting to see inquiries, RFP inquiries around Quant. We're seeing it, in particular, with some of the Global Equity Quant portfolios in particular. And so, we think we're going to see brighter days ahead probably for the Quant sector, but in particular, for our group base, which is the investment performance has been very strong.
Martin Flanagan: I think you're going to have the right point. It's an inflection plan. I mean those are -- people are opportunistically going back to Quant. I think there are still people that haven't confirmed their commitment to Quant yet, but it does feel like you're now moving at that uptick area.
Martin Flanagan: Excuse me. Just for us in particular, as you saw the flows coming in, and it's really just on the back of it. As you know very well, it's a very, very good team. They do superb credit work. It's highly recognized by the clients in the industry. And I think whenever you get pressure points, you tend to see separation. And again, I think that was the main driver of it. At a more macro level, if you consider where rates are in the money fund industry, it just proves thoroughly that there's an absolute need for the money fund vehicle in the industry. It's done very, very well even during a low rate environment and then frankly, another "crisis period" in the marketplace. And the regulators have been clear that even though there've been very, very good changes put in place by the SEC that make the industry just that much stronger than where it was previously, and again, with already a very good track record of success, that they want more done. And if you look at some of the suggestions out there, the floating NAV is still out there, I would venture to say that's not the likely outcome. If you just look at all the reaction to the idea of a floating NAV, all the users of money funds concluded that it just really -- it does not make sense. And so there'll be something different other rather than a floating NAV would be what I would say.
Martin Flanagan: Let me try to answer as best I can. We don't have -- we don't publish monthly information, but so let me speak to industry-type topics and less in the context of that and I think the answer will be pretty quite clear. If you looked at the first quarter, you could see where the trends were for us, on the Retail side, up and up. And once the uncertainty in the marketplace started as I've said in May, really from the European debt crisis and then some of our challenges, fiscal challenges here in the United States, you just saw something very dramatic a change happen in the month of June. And if you look at Equity flows, in particular, in the month of June for the industry, what were the 3 categories that were in the biggest outflows? You saw U.S. equities go from what was $4 billion out in the prior month to $15 billion out in the month of June alone. You saw net inflows in international equities of $3.2 billion to out of $0.9 billion. And you saw some outflows in sectors. So if you again, where did the money go and what's in the mid-year fixed income, and again, it's -- we've seen this movie before and that's really what you saw happening. So as investors got scared of the outlook for the markets, they went back into fixed income. And if you look at our assets under management, our relative strengths, you can understand why you saw that quarterly hit, although we still were in net flows. And as Loren pointed out, if you just look at the quarter-over-quarter relative net inflow improvement in light of this market environment, it's really quite amazing.
Martin Flanagan: Maybe I'll make a couple of comments, and Loren can too. So it's interesting if you look at where investor appetite is right now institutionally and what's driving it, for us in particular it's probably broad. Real estate is a very, very attractive asset class around the world, and we are benefiting from that with a very, very strong team. The other thing that is -- where we're seeing traction is in what we -- the premier plus S allocation capabilities has really been gaining traction. And in particular, a sleeve of that has gained traction, which is the commodity sleeve, which is probably not surprising, again, recognizing where many people think where the world is right now. Those are probably 2 of the bigger alternative asset categories for us that we can speak of, and it seems to be something that is continuing.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, in -- that's a great question. And it is, we think, one of the great assets of the company, the ETF capability that we have. And it is a fact we're just getting stronger and stronger in the United States. The area to look right now is -- and then if you just start to look at different parts of the world, we launched ETFs in Canada about a year ago. It's probably approaching $2 billion in ETFs. We just got some of the U.S. list of ETFs listed on the Canadian Stock Exchange, and we think that's going to be a very, very helpful thing in that marketplace. Europe, we launched probably 3 years ago if I'm getting the timing right. You can think of the launch in the marketplace environment that we've been in. So it's been a difficult market. Part of this European initiative, we're looking at the ETF market in a very real way. And I will say, market-by-market, they're different. The European market right now we classify much more as a institutional market and has been tied more to larger banks. In particular, yes, some of our traditional competitors are there. But if you look at the impact that some of the banks have had with exchange-rated notes and some of the investment banking capabilities tied to it, it is a different market. That said, it's a market that we intend to pursue, and we think, in time, we will be successful on the continent also. And again, we just think there's opportunities around the world. We've listed in Mexico. We used it as another way to get into other markets, and again, we are continuing to look market-by-market to see where it makes sense for us.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, that's a good question. I really don't think that I can quantify it. But let me -- and again, that's not very helpful to the question that you're asking. So the way that we look at it is once you're on, if you maintain your performance, you're on for a good long time. And what this is doing, this is broadening very, very much our depth and breadth within these different platforms. And I think somebody might be more helpful though, quite frankly if you -- again, if you look at our investment capabilities, they are heavily-oriented towards equity products right now. And so what we've been saying and what we really need is a movement back to equities. Yes, U.S. equities but also international equities, and we should play really quite well. But the big, big driver is going to be when people start to put money back into the U.S. equities. I think it's going to be a very, very different outcome for us in this organization, and these are the important elements to have in place.
Martin Flanagan: I think, Ken, in a funny reverse sort of way, the continual sort of 2 years in a row as far as I'm concerned, May a year ago, that sort of lack of confidence in the market. May this year, the lack of confidence in the market, which were perpetuating. It slowed down, really, what I have thought and probably all of us thought would be sort of movement out of cash and fixed income into equities. And each time, there's been a blow back when investors have lost confidence. That's actually probably helped us longer term, right? It has allowed us to have the wholesalers get in other territories, because they were -- more than half of them were new in different territories and for us to get more capabilities on the platforms and the like. So longer term is probably a better thing, but again, you've not seen that turn. And again, I think as Loren talked about, a very concerning thing I think probably for all of us in the United States and probably other parts of the world. What's going on in Washington is just not very helpful right now, and it has definitely negatively impacted investor sentiment. You can see it in the marketplace. And the good news is what a great buying opportunity, but that said, I do think once it turns, we just continue to get better and better positioned against the capabilities that we have.
Martin Flanagan: And Ken, again -- and I'm just understanding your question, but -- and I can't remember how you phrased that one point. But if you look at the building blocks of the organization, if you look at the breadth of the investment capabilities; you look at the performance of the capabilities; the placement of the U.S. core retail business, what the ETFs, UITs are doing; what's happening to the institutional business in the United States; the success of alternatives, quite frankly, moving around the world; the progress we're making in Europe; the strength in the U.K.; what's happening in Japan; what's happening in the greater China for us; Canada, really quite frankly, the investment performance really starting to turn in a very real way, which has kind of positioned us differently there; and the ETFs in Canada and frankly, some emerging early day success in Canada too, very strong building blocks. We do need a market environment to help us, but that said, I think the company has positioned itself very, very well for some real good success.
Martin Flanagan: Maybe a couple comments just generally in a more macro level. Stable value, we find ourselves in sort of a pole position, and the gaining factor has been more the insurance wrappers than anything else. The demand is high, but the flows in the quarter were probably less than what they were in the prior quarter simply because of the wrapper element. And again, in these -- the more macro comments, the -- we did see ourselves, as I said, as a net flows on the continent, in the top 10 in the last quarter and where we are seeing a lot of the flows where the European equity product on the continent, which has been a good performer in addition to what has been the European bond product. So I don't have specific numbers, but you're right. Those are the themes, and that's what's been driving them.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. I wouldn't say that's the case anymore. I mean, there's always areas that you're -- but it's more on a product-by-product basis. And if you look at what we've been sort of focused on and accomplished over the last 5 years, it's -- we feel very, very good about what's out there. But again, there's always areas in the product range that we will -- if we can conclude they're not competitive, we will merge them, and we're pretty well done with that in the United States. There's probably a handful more that we might look at. And in a year or 2, in the Continental Europe, there's some -- that's part of some of the activity that's going on right now with the different domiciles that we have there, one in Luxembourg, one in Dublin. And probably, that range, we'll do some more work on, but again, that's probably too much detail. But we think we're in positioned very well that way.
Martin Flanagan: That's an excellent question, and our view is this. I mean, our general instincts are we want to control -- make sure we do a great job for the clients and in particular, the client interface side. And again, we'll continue to be very high quality in what we provide to the client. So that's not changed. But part of this is our read of what is some of the possible outcomes in the regulatory environment in Europe. And again, there's not absolute conclusions, but if some of the proposed regulation goes through, it will put enormous pressure on the existing business model and the business model of a relationship between -- of money management firm and a individual investor or through their financial intermediary, which could put just tremendous pressure on that traditional per-account charge and who's going to carry the burden and who's going to take the regulatory responsibility for some of the know-your-client type activities and the regulatory environment that's coming with it. So we did do -- we're down the path doing something different, but we thought it was uncertain enough that we wanted to get ahead of the whole thing. But again, we're still committed to making sure that the client relationship is a very, very good one and a positive one.
Martin Flanagan: Let's see. I -- at the fund level, again, I think ourselves and other providers are very much on top of that, and we don't see that as a topic. And with regard to the fund flows, I think what we've seen and others, it still continues to be a very highly thought of product, and I don't see it being negatively impacted during this environment.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. It's more timing than anything else. I mean we just continue to -- as Loren talked about, RFP activity continues to be very, very active, from RFP activity to success. I mean, it's at the lead time if you win in the finals or not. So it's more of a reflection of the lumpy nature. But again, I would suggest that in the U.S., I'm feeling we've got great leadership and really good, good traction building. We're very early stages in Canada from a standing start, where we think we'll see success there. Continue to do very well in greater China. Japan actually received some very good activity. On the continent, again, we continue to see activity in the U.K. So it's really been pretty broad based, so it's more timing than anything else.
Robert Lee: Let's see. I guess, kind of most of my questions were asked. But real quick, I'm just curious on the outsourcing of the European TA. I mean, it seems a little counter to, I think, my impression of what you guys have been doing the last 5 or 6 years with creating the centers in India and I guess up in Canada.
Robert Lee: And since TA is usually a big chunk of what gets kind of outsourced, geographically at least, I mean, why outsource in the European TA to, I guess, I assume to the third party? Does that somehow mean that the scale you can realize in the rest of the business isn't going to be at the margin? Is it a crazy thought? I'm just kind of -- it seems like a little -- again, a little different than what you've done with other TA operations.
Robert Lee: Okay. Maybe not -- to back to maybe Slide 9, I just -- we talked about retail sales. Just want to make sure I -- looking at this, the Q2 2010 made in gross sales redemption net, that's pro forma for the Van Kampen acquisition. Is that correct? Because the spike in sales and redemptions is pretty dramatic year-over-year, and I'm just curious how -- you kind of talked about this a little bit, but how much of that kind of big jump in sales was driven by -- and redemptions is driven by the ETF business, which seems like it's in there ex-QQQs or the retail business? Because the year-over-year jumps are pretty dramatic.
