Loren M. Starr: So Ken, I think the fact that our Fixed Income is doing well is probably consistent with what you're seeing in the industry. It's nothing, I'd say, that's so unique to Invesco. I think we are very well-positioned, particularly around some of the alternative fixed income offerings that we have, whether it's mortgage products or our bank loan capability. Stable value continues to do very well. The high-yield products and high-yield muni products, doing very well. So we are benefiting from the interest in those types of products. And we have very good performance in those type of products as well. And that's a trend that we see continuing into Q4. And then in terms of Invesco Perpetual product, we are seeing really good strength in sales in some of the Fixed Income products, particularly as they're selling not just within the U.K. but also across Continental Europe. And then the traditional Equity Income products, again a sort of mainstay in terms of what people are looking for in the U.K., are doing very well. And the performance is extremely strong, as you mentioned. So I think from a competitive position, we are feeling good about where we are in the U.K. in particular. We're also looking at, as Marty mentioned, some of the multi-asset capabilities. And so we think there's an opportunity to continue to expand offerings within the Invesco Perpetual sort of footprint. And so that's work in progress, still too early to say how that's going to go, but that's pretty exciting.
Loren M. Starr: So the historic sort of benefit we've seen in the third quarter were really sort of statute of limitations on certain sort of tax reserves. And those got released, and so that kind of wound down, and there wasn't anything else left. So it wasn't sort of something seasonally happening, it was really specific to kind of certain tax positions that we've had. This, in particular, went the other way. So this was a sort of an increase in a reserve that we took related to Canada. There's nothing specifically to point out, but it was a one-off reserve adjustment. So we'd say it's easy to -- I mean, it's always hard to predict where the tax rate ultimately comes out. But right now, we believe the guidance we just gave at 24.5% to 25.5% is good for Q4 and going forward.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I would just say, I mean, we won $1 billion mandate in Germany. It's a Quant mandate. It's really very interesting to see that happen since Quant had been largely ruled out as a category for a long time. And so clearly, that's an equity exposure. Japanese equity is still of interest. We're seeing wins there. And then maybe not institutional, but Canada, by the way, just won a $330 million mandate, which is across equity products, which would include Canadian equities, small Canadian stocks, global endeavors as a broader equity mandate, and then International Growth. So I don't think equity is sort of a dead category. It's still not where it should be and where it can be. But it's certainly still making headway. And again, generally around the institutional pipeline, it's been strengthening -- strengthened relative to the second quarter, I think about more than 20%. And then versus a year ago, I think it's up substantially, I think closer to -- just to get the number. I think it's 30% off of last year. So good growth in the pipeline.
Loren M. Starr: Okay. Well, I mean, the bonus accrual was really reflective of where we are today in terms of this performance for the full year and where we think we're going to end up. But it doesn't include any magic assumptions of the performance fees coming in, I mean, so it's just a pretty conservative view. When we forecast forward, it's really reflective more of where we are from an average asset perspective. Generally, in terms of performance fees though, we do see in the fourth quarter and we have seen in the past, good performance fees related to our high net worth business, where I think people are all familiar with, that they have an MLP product, which as a category, is doing very well. And our MLP product is doing even better than the category. So that could be of a similar magnitude that you've seen in prior years. And then I think the transaction and other revenues, that's one harder to predict. We thought it would step up this quarter. It's obviously did not. We do see a higher level of transactions in the pipeline for Q4, which should mean maybe there's some pickup off of that line item. But again, I think it's real hard because of the timing of these things are very difficult to predict. And so again, I think the run rate of transaction fees and other revenues is probably safe -- it would be safer to sort of take where we are today and assume maybe there's a small pickup, a couple of million off of that benefit into Q4. But that's about as much as I sort of offer up.
Loren M. Starr: So take our current comp. Obviously, there's $4 million of sales commissions as well, so hopefully we continue to perform so that might continue, that would be good. I think the $8 million, you should back out. That was definitely a catch-up for the first half and should not be seen as a recurring cost going into Q4. So take the number and subtract out the $8 million, and then you can sort of figure how that might increment up or down based on performance fees coming in or average assets up off of where we were off of Q3. And again -- but the normal sort of operating margin, operating leverage would be existing at that point. So you'd begin to see margin increasing into Q4 if we stay where we are today in terms of asset size.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think it's just because of the volatility of performance. I mean, as you know, we have risk-on, risk-off. And that actually has an impact on some of our teams in terms of other position from a performance perspective. And obviously, assets were rather volatile through the second quarter. So again, it's hard to really figure out when to make the move. And then we saw such a large pickup in assets into Q3. We felt it was obviously pretty evident to make it in Q3. So again, it's part of the difficulty of forecasting to know when to ease that in.
Loren M. Starr: I don't think sales -- obviously, the big factor was the catch-up in the quarter. If you back that out, you'd be back at 35.1% margin. So you'd be back in the 35%, and then you'd see step-off into Q4 with higher margins. So again, I think the sales was an element, but it's not one that should depress margins normally. It's just that was one element within the picture but not the biggest one.
Loren M. Starr: So yes, I mean, we talked about incremental margins, which again we don't manage quarter-to-quarter. It's more of a sort of a result as opposed to something we manage to. And again -- but generally, the concept is you'll see a lower incremental margin. If the market is not helping us, you'll see a higher incremental margin. If the market is helping us, because it's increasing assets without having to do a lot of marketing and sales activity and new product development. So it really will depend on what sort of market we're going into going forward. I think the range of 50% to 60% is still probably a decent one for people to think about. And we are still investing in the business and we have intentions to continue to invest in the business. But again, we're hoping to be able to offset some of those expenses by those efficiencies that you suggested we're doing. And it's a continuing theme for us to look for those across the firm and position our operations in the best location that gives us the best unit cost, so to speak, of production. And that's an ongoing dialogue. We have been talking about outsourcing our transfer agency in Europe and U.K. and that's going along. That project is actually probably going to spill into Q1 of next year, as opposed to ending this year just because of the magnitude of it. But that has some nice run rate savings that we'd expect, $10 million to $15 million in that range coming off of that. So all those things are factoring into our thinking to try to develop and deliver margins that will expand even if the markets are flat.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, so Matt, we definitely would not view 35% as sort of the margin that we aspire to or where we're forced to be at. We would absolutely expect to see operating margin -- our operating margins increase over time as our assets grow and as our net revenue yield hopefully begins to continue to increase and trend forward. So it's been -- if you go back and you try to figure out what happened to Invesco, why margins are where they are, I mean, we did have seen our net revenue yield decline substantially over the last several years. And despite that, we've kept the assets growing, and so margins have probably stayed roughly flattish. And so that has been the real situation. For us to be able to see our net revenue yield increase over time will require, obviously, the continuation of some of these new products with higher fees that are in very significant demand. And we are seeing that now, which is a very positive trend for us. And we also believe that if you do continue to see equity markets sort of stabilize and maybe improve from here, we'll begin to see the net revenue yield increase. I mean, 1 basis point obviously is a huge topic, right. I mean, it's $65 million in a year. If we can sort of continue to see that trend on top of good organic growth, margins will expand and we'll see them into the 40% and above.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, it's always fun to see exponential growth extrapolated. We definitely view there -- I mean, there's definitely continued demand for the product. And we -- it's hard to sort of say whether it sort of stays at the same pace. I mean, sometimes we saw it sort of takes a breather and then it comes back. And so there's probably some degree of seasonality in terms of even how the platforms take on these products in terms of their selection. And I think October and May maybe times when they start thinking about these things. So it is certainly something that we think is going to continue to grow. And even globally, we think it's got huge opportunity, not just within the U.S. So I'm not going to put too much cold water on the trend, other than just -- I can't say fourth quarter is going to be exactly as strong as the third quarter because that was certainly a very exceptionally strong quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, Glenn, they are. So that's $7.5 million per quarter is in there. So that's part of the 24 basis points, I think, is what that translates to on an annualized basis. So that's some of the benefits going from -- on our never [ph] yield before performance fees increase.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, I don't think -- it's hard to say there's one basic theme that captures what's going on there. I think when you look -- I mean we have some spots of underperformance, but they're not connected or related. I mean, the Asian equity bit, maybe some of our Chinese equity. China has been depressed. And probably the impact has been worse there than people anticipated with our investment team as one example. But there isn't any theme, and Marty, jump in if you...
Loren M. Starr: Yes, and I also say in Canada, which is another example, it's a great turnaround story. You don't really see that in that chart, but they're probably performance is going to increase as we get towards the end of the year. Their whole performance profile has really dramatically improved. So the 1- and the 3-year numbers look fantastic, and the 5 years are going to follow. So again, these probably get everything equal performance to another [ph]. If you did it on the asset weighted basis, clearly it's not as equal.
Loren M. Starr: So I mean, what I'd say is, I mean, we -- the vast majority of our competition is driven by investment teams. They're the heart of the company in terms of what they're ultimately delivering. And I think we have a common philosophy that maybe more unique to Invesco than some of our peers in that we pay more on investment performance than we do on sort of a revenue share concept. And so people who pay on revenue share will have a higher percentage of their comp directly tied to revenue, have a different philosophy around how they want to pay their investment teams. And we think ultimately, it's the right thing for our clients to provide incentives that are linked to what the clients want as opposed to sort of something dropping out due to where the markets are going today. And so that, I think, is maybe some elements of what's unique. And perhaps the other element which is, again, the strength of the firm and one that we feel really good about is that we have many different capabilities across the globe that ultimately give us a better, diversified offering to our clients than many of our peers. And so we should be able to grow more effectively. We should be able to provide solutions to our clients in a better way as a result of that. But that's a more expensive proposition than just having one thing which, again, I don't say our peers just have one thing, but we probably have more of capabilities than some of our peers.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I mean, those are really good questions, Cynthia. We obviously have set up share classes that respond to the requirements to only have a management fee associated with the products that will be flowing. And so all of the new flows coming in off of Jan 1, 2013, will be in this new share class. But you're right, existing assets and products with clients are grandfathered. So I think the real question that we need to see what the advisers, the IFAs, do in that context. And in some cases, they may rather just transfer everyone into the new share class as opposed to having the 2 share classes. But we don't know yet really how that's going to work. It doesn't have an impact on our business from a profitability perspective one way or another. We're still netting the same management fee under both scenarios. It could sort of create some activity in terms of people switching and exchanging, but that should not do anything really in terms of ultimately the bottom line, we don't think. So we're watching it carefully. We're so -- hard to predict exactly what happens. But I don't think it's going to happen in a dramatic way. I think it's going to be people are going to take some time to sort of think about how it's going to go.
Loren M. Starr: It's better. It's improving. So we are very pleased by the net revenue yield coming in at a higher rate and certainly and also the, to be conservative [ph], redemptions, those are the lower rate. So we're seeing lower fee product coming out and higher fee product going in, and a lot of these alternative products and certainly the balance risk types of products are at a fee rate that's sort of at or higher than our current rate.
Loren M. Starr: We think it is. I mean, we're seeing some of the benefit of the Minerva -- I'm sorry, that's the code name of it, forgive me. It's the outsourcing of our transfer [ph] business, forgive me for using code names. But that is -- we're beginning to see some of the benefit of that fall into our G&A line item. We'd expect to see more. We said it is something that's going to move into the first quarter. So the ultimate positive impact of run rate savings will sort of achieve as we get into 2013, but we're going to begin to see -- we're beginning to see some of it in this quarter and some into the fourth quarter as well. So I think the G&A numbers should stay. Now the only offset to that is we, and we talked about it last quarter, regulatory requirements and legal and all these things associated with sort of positioning ourselves in the geographies that we're in is becoming more and more expensive. And so that's sort of a counter theme to some of the savings that we're expecting to get from this outsourcing activity.
Loren M. Starr: All right. Good question. So they're going to be mostly U.S.-based at this point. So as of the third quarter, 75% is U.S. domiciles. We got 12% in Canada and about 13% in the offshore in the U.K. So again, growing piece outside, but it is still the minority. And that's why we think this opportunity is pretty large that we could -- we obviously do what we did in the U.S. in these other regions. It will be truly amazing. And yes, just back in the fourth quarter of 2009, it was all U.S. So that just gives you a sense that it's beginning to grow.
Loren M. Starr: So I mean, let's say for Canada, for example, obviously the market is only so large. So it's -- but I mean it's been -- the take-on has been huge. I think it's one of the fastest-growing sort of capabilities in that space that we're doing very well there in terms of caching a really good flow. I think outside of the U.S., it's doing well in Europe. So I think that's one that is sort of getting fully sized. The U.K. is a pretty new concept. And so there's still a fair amount of education, which was the same as it was in the U.S. And that takes probably a year at least, and it was only launched, I think, in the beginning, maybe February or some time. So there's definitely time that needs to sort of go by for ultimate results to sort of take hold. But we have good hope that it will and certainly, some of the new hires that we have there will also help sort of expand our presence in the U.K. in terms of all the offerings in the multi-asset sector.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think it's a little hard to drill down in a particular month. Probably much better to sort of look at it within core [ph] because what happens in a particular month has a lot to do with just sort of noise on timing and things of that nature. So I'm just going to defer on that one, if that's okay, Roger, just to sort of -- Jeff, sorry, to avoid sort of making a statement on the trend that doesn't really exist.
Loren M. Starr: I don't know. I mean, obviously there's the macro theme of coming up to election and people sort of being a little bit skittish about where to put their money because they don't understand what's the fiscal cliff going to mean to the market and so. Yes, I mean, I think there's probably some sense of a little bit risk off relative to what we might have seen a little bit earlier. But again, I don't know what's going to happen after the election. Maybe it'll be something else.
Loren M. Starr: Matt, it's a good question. I think we are looking at it. Obviously, it's a unique opportunity in terms of you could issue debt and replace it at a very, very low cost. Or you could let it expire and just put it on the credit facility. They both can make a lot of sense. So I would just say it's something we're looking at. We haven't committed to one way or another as to, certainly, where we're going to go on this one. But we are -- definitely we've been looking at it quarter-by-quarter, and we will continue to pay a lot of attention to that opportunity. But overall, we are committed to sort of keeping the debt levels sort of flat or declining over time as we want to, continue to deleverage and show continued financial strength and certainly build up some more cash on the balance sheet. So that is still part of our objectives on the capital side, combined with, of course, continued dedicated return on capital through dividends and buybacks as we -- as you've seen us do and as you will continue to see us do.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I think I'd add to it. If you look at some of these macro factors as people are -- as I said, it's a cautious environment still. But if they move more towards credit-type products, we do very, very well and same thing with Equity Income-oriented capabilities. Again, we do very, very well with that. And if you just use the U.S. as a barometer and look at where a lot of the Fixed Income flows go in the United States, it was in intermediate bond category. We're still -- that's not playing to our strength, right? And so these results, I'd say, are really, really strong when you consider that the world is just starting to move to really where our strengths are.
Martin L. Flanagan: So again, I think if you agree with the macro observation that people, if they do start to move more towards this broad category of income capabilities, and to me, that's Equity Income capabilities but also you have more credit-type capabilities, we'll do very well in that. And our effective fee rates are higher in those products. You move into -- if there's a continued appetite for multi-asset strategies, which we think is not a short-term trend but a long-term movement in the market, we do very, very well in that area. And again, the effective fee rate is higher there. And even within PowerShares, where you've seen the movements, where people were first starting to get exposure to the equity markets, really using the QQQ capability, which is a very good capability. As you know, it is -- for us, it's really an expense reimbursement-type situation, where we had tremendous growth. And our traditional PowerShares capabilities, I said up 39% with again much greater effective fee rate. So if we agree with the macro theme, we should do reasonably well in the quarters ahead.
Martin L. Flanagan: And Ken, as I think about your question some more, I think it's also very important for everybody to understand. So this is a more short-term, intermediate movement towards income. We think that's going to be here for a long, long time. But also importantly, if you believe the world is getting stronger, we are -- again, our asset strength are equity capabilities. And if you look at the performance of our international capabilities and emerging markets capabilities and our domestic equity capabilities, they're very, very strong. And that again should bode very, very well for the organization.
Martin L. Flanagan: I find that not likely. But I think what is more likely, I do believe these multi-asset strategies are here for the long haul. And I'd say we're still very early on what ultimately where they will go. That said, you could see the flows being less dramatic than what you've seen and movement much more into, again as I was just mentioning, international capabilities, domestic equity capabilities. And again, I think that's fine. I think that's -- if it's good for the clients, that's good news. And by the way, we happen to match up very, very well against that.
Martin L. Flanagan: So what we're seeing sort of globally, it's still largely alternatives, some multi-asset strategies, fixed income, it's broad categories, and as you say, some of the natural [indiscernible]. There are real estate bank loans, and it's more preservation of capital income type. That said, we are starting to see, and it depends on where in the world, global equities within EMEA is actually getting quite a bit of attention, I think, which is a good thing. But there is still an income appetite of really around the world.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. It's really very broad, Bill. I mean, we're seeing it from retail to institutional and really around the world. And I think really what it's doing is -- and again, it's going to be different in different parts of the world why they're doing it. But much of it is bringing that capability across different asset classes, which is not necessarily inherent, I'd say. I would say it's also the repositioning of really the advisors in the channel, where they are much more taking on a broader role and a very constructive role of broader advice and asset allocation, and these really work within it. And as we've been doing some of the capability extensions and to income elements around it, and there's elements of commodities capabilities within it, so you're really getting some asset class exposure and some constructions that meet the investment needs of the different clients. So it seems it's going to be here for quite a while.
Martin L. Flanagan: Really not so much at this time. I mean, I think, yes, there are -- there continues to be ongoing conversations within the industry, as it had been for the last 4 years. And again, I think it's a very constructive set of dialogues. And we'll just have to see what the ultimate outcomes are. But again, I feel that the money fund vehicle is a very good one and is going to remain one. But it will continue to play out, I think, over the next months, quarters and well into next year.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, I agree with that. And I would also add to it, if you do look during this period that Loren talked about, So I am going back to '05, and look at operating expenses as a percentage of average assets under management, and I don't have the numbers in front of me, you'd think I have them indelibly in my brain, they have dropped quite dramatically during that period, I mean, substantially. And as Bill was asking earlier and others, we continue to be very focused on always be more efficient, more effective all the time, and we do that. But we are not going to have that magnitude level of efficiency gains that we created over the past 5, 6 years. But again, if the same time you just do the math and do -- watch the effective fee rate during that period, it dropped dramatically. And if we had not been as strong as operators as we were, it really been a really bad outcome. But to Loren's point, we think there's no reason that we shouldn't start to see the effective fee rate increase based on the capabilities we have and where we think investors are starting to move, make their asset allocation decisions and where we think they're going to go going forward. And you get any wind at your back, and it could be quite a good story for the margin.
Martin L. Flanagan: I don't know if I got the question in total, Matt, but I think it's what are the plans ultimately. So they obviously have a tremendous reputation, and it's going to be some time before we're in the market with the capability in United Kingdom. It will be into next year just for all sorts of various reasons. Initially, the focus is going to be a suite of -- around the existing Invesco Perpetual capabilities, which again are very highly regarded as -- just your background in the United Kingdom. And we think that's a very, very strong complement to the existing multi-asset capabilities that we have. And that's how we're looking at this really around the world, what can be global and how do we meet some of the local needs. And we think this is going to be a very powerful one in the United Kingdom. And from there, we'll just see where it goes. Again, they have a great reputation. We think it's extremely complementary and a part of -- to what we have. And again, it's part of the overall plan that we're trying to accomplish.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well, if you look at the lineup over the last couple of years, I think the team's done a very good job in sharpening it and both from strategically introducing capabilities and quite frankly, winding down some that we didn't think were -- made sense anymore. So that's from a U.S. perspective. And they'll continue to be natural product development over time, but it probably will not be as robust as the activity you saw over the past few years in the United States. What you've seen is an extension into different markets, into Canada, that's been very successful. We have some recently good plans into Greater China area, in particular. We think we're positioned very, very well there. And Europe continues to be an area that we're looking at. It's an area that's gone through -- we've been there for some period of time. We've not made the inroads that we would have hoped. But again, it's a very, very tremendously changing environment as you would know in that part of the world. But we think we're still early days on where we're going to go with our ETF capabilities globally.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So again, we've made great progress from, frankly, no recognition. And our view is that we don't aspire to be #1. We think that would just be -- we don't think we need to be, and we don't want to spend the money to be. We don't think you get that benefit. 10 is an important place mark. Quite frankly, if we were, we'd probably think if we're sort of somewhere 4 to 7. That's a pretty fine place to be. And so we're going to continue to work very hard to build our reputation. But again, we think the reputation largely gets built by generating very good investment performance. And it's really recognized leadership through investment performance, and we're going to do it. But don't worry, we are not hell-bent on -- we're an investment management organization driving investment results, and it's not -- we're not hell-bent on becoming Coca-Cola. So...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so I sure hope it's an industry trend for decreasing redemption rates. I mean, I just think it's the exact right thing for clients, first thing. So that's the first place I start. We have been very fortunate to have our redemption rate be quite low. It is a combination of, again, starts with a very strong investment performance across the complex. There's no question the Van Kampen combination has been a very important one for us, bringing in investment talent into the organization and other talent generally. So that has been a positive also. And at the same time, when you're growing and you have capabilities that are of interest to clients and investing in them, those are all 3 add up to a relatively lower redemption rate than that of the industry. But I would come back to that I sure hope there is an industry trend down because I think that's really good for investors ultimately.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, there's one area in particular that there's -- we have a very, very good Japanese investment team that in fact, they came over from Morgan Stanley during that combination. They have a very good long-term track record, very good investors. And a lot of their investment focus has been sort of an export-oriented theme. And it's relative performance has been hurt over the last 12, 18 months with some of the challenges in Japan in particular. But again, it's a very strong team, but they're the ones feeling the relative underperformance at the moment.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, good question. I wouldn't bet on the it's a permanent trend. And I think what you have -- and again, I think it's easy to come to that conclusion. I think what you would do though, if you look at flows into equities in total, and in total meaning active and passive, you get a different outcome. I think an awful lot of people are extrapolating that to say active equity -- U.S. equity investment [ph] in the United States is dead. And I think it's a misread. I think it is movement into passive is really a first step on to risk on. But I think the more relevant fact, if you look at what's happened in the marketplace post the crisis, and if you look at the correlation of returns to market events as opposed to stock-taking events, it's very, very high. And I'm going to forget that it's basically a 90% correlation of returns coming from macro events as opposed to stock-specific events. That's probably 25, 30 -- 25 percentage points higher than historical. That is the same phenomena that you saw at the end of the '80s, post the '87 crash into '90s. And so when you get these correlation periods, you don't get paid for -- active investors have a harder time generating alpha. And so I personally think that is the thing to pay attention to. And we would go to a -- I think as we look forward and if probably the United States is probably further ahead on healing itself economically. And if that's the case, I think active equity investors are going to generate alpha again. You will see more broadly they will. You will see money flow back into active U.S. equity capabilities. So yes, that's my perspective, and I think it is important and something to take a look at the correlations of returns.
Martin L. Flanagan: We've been doing that for years, so that's not a new thing for us. When we bought the idea of ETFs, we had made the observation in 2005, '06 that we thought the advisers were moving much more to a holistic approach and advising their clients. And that it would be a common -- first and foremost, it's meeting the investment objectives, and then they would look at the different vehicles that did that. And naturally, asset allocations and meeting those needs for a combination of vehicles. So we've been doing that really almost from the beginning of the combination with PowerShares. So we say that's a good idea.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let's see, 2 things, and it's back to almost a question before, 2 questions ago. If you want to see where the bulk of the outflow is coming in the U.S., it's large-cap U.S. growth as a category. For us specifically, the team running large-cap, mid-cap has been with the organization about 2 years, we think they're really very, very talented people and have good investment capability. And this gets back to a little bit of my answer earlier where a lot of their investment philosophy is driven by stock picking, and it's been challenged in this environment. So that said, we think the team's very, very good, and they have had a history prior to being with us that's having very, very good results. And we think they will generate them in time, but this has not been the environment for their investment philosophy. That said, if you look at the small-cap growth capabilities, it is very, very strong and continues to be.
Martin L. Flanagan: So again, I think you have to go asset class by asset class and some will be repetitive. But I feel very good with real estate. We feel very good about private equity, feel very good in bank loans, feel very good about some of the extensions that we have through our multi-asset suite, our asset allocation capabilities, whether it be commodities or some other areas there. So we just continue to look at it and look at where demand is. And if we're capable of meeting client need, we will respond. In fact, one of the turns that people have talked about, and I won't get too excited about it, but if you -- there are alternative capabilities that are appropriate and growing quite dramatically in the retail channel and we've seen that ourselves. And we are continuing to develop that. We've just introduced in the last couple of months another really alternative capability into the retail channel. It is directed towards high net worth individuals, qualified investors. So just being very appropriate. And so I think we'll continue to see those things. But we think we're positioned really quite well to do strongly throughout the alternatives capability as a firm, and we'll just continue to respond where necessary.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so let me see if I can answer that in 2 ways. One, we just -- we start from a position of what are we trying to do for our clients. And our view is that we're committed to having a broad, very broad and deep capability across asset classes, equities through fixed income. We are very strong in equities, in particular. And to your point, even if you, as you were more articulate than I was describing sort of the U.S. equity picture, we have very good strong teams. We're committed to the strong teams, and we just know asset classes go in and out of cycle. And so we're just absolutely committed to them through the cycles, and we want them dedicated to delivering against the investment philosophy that they're known for and that they delivered. So to your final point, so what do we do about it. And if you look at, again, our -- how we -- and I'll answer more from a [indiscernible] more from a retail channel point, but it's not limited to that. If you look for the last 2 years, what have we been communicating with our investors, with our clients is that we have been showing them the benefit and making very clear the benefit of a combination of capabilities, whether it be a U.S. equity capability, dividend -- U.S. income capability and international capability. So we've been doing that for more than 2 years. And we think it's -- you just want to be very thoughtful and appropriate in making sure that you're giving investment guidance that makes sense for clients over the longer term and not be responsive to where flows go because that gets you in trouble.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So I think the relative performance active versus passive is back to the comment I made earlier. I just think it's really the market environment we are in is the 90% correlation to sort of macro events [indiscernible]. And to your point that you're appropriately pointing out earlier, and I've talked about the point of it's much better if we are giving -- the advice channel is encouraging people to be invested for the longer term, you take a 3- to 5-year time horizon, I really want to be invested in U.S. equities. I think it's going to be one of those things you're going to look back 3 years from now and say, "Why didn't I have greater exposure to U.S. equities?" That said, I would be going to the managers that, again, you all from what you do, are committed to very good teams, very good long track records, very thoughtful investment philosophies and processes. And you're going to do very, very well. And I think the reason why the money is not going into active equities is more, it feels like a bigger commitment on an investor's part and I think you cannot underestimate still how nervous investors are to invest for the long term in the environment that we're in.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well, thank you very much, everybody, for the engagement and the dialogue, in particular. And I will be speaking with you next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
