Loren Starr: This presentation, the comments made in the associated conference call today may include forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include information concerning future results of our operations, expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures, industry or market conditions, AUM, geopolitical events and their potential impact on the company, acquisitions and divestitures, debt and our ability to obtain additional financing or make payments, regulatory developments, demand for and pricing of our products and other aspects of our business or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are not guarantees, and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, filed with the SEC. You may obtain these reports from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update the information in any public disclosure if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate.
Loren Starr: I'll just say generally the growth in our fixed income is being driven by our U.S. investment grade capability which is pretty much I think also in our institutional pipeline showing up as a large contributor. I just want to remind people that in the flows this quarter there was about $0.9 billion related to IVR leverage which shows up in the fix income column. But we also are seeing a lot of interest even in power shares, fixed income, emerging markets, sovereign debt, Chinese fixed income, so are a variety of other fixed income capabilities factor into that. And each one is about roughly $0.5 billion in size [Indiscernible].
Loren Starr: And the other thing kind of worth mentioning is I mean our teams have been really good in terms of being innovative and creating new product in advance of client demand and so we would expect to see other, I think, very interesting products hit the U.K. market this year towards the beginning of next year. I think there is an income oriented sort of GTR type of product that is being looked at, as well as some enhanced index capabilities and factor capabilities too. So I think all those are going to really help us even if we see continued sort of level of uncertainty around Brexit.
Loren Starr: Ken, total cash at the end of the quarter is $1.45 billion and so the regulatory requirement element of that was about $660 million leaving us roughly $800 millionish of sort of capital. I mean, we're certainly within sort of tolerances around that billion. And so again I won't get fixated on that billion being sort of like this bright line that we have to sort of hit. And clearly we've been very opportunistic and we'll continue to be very opportunistic with respect to returning capital to the extent that we see our stock being valued in a way that we think is not commensurate with our true values. So, I would say look to our past sort of practices to evaluate how we're going to operate going forward. It will be very consistent.
Loren Starr: Yes, Alex, I'll take that. So I think our expectation even with markets being flat which is the way we normally forecast anyway, and even with the pounds being down where it is for the last half of the year we would expect margins to be on an upward trajectory, as we continue to grow organically and continue to work hard on the optimization work around cost. The firm has done I think a really great job of creating capacity for investment without having to add to cost, really through using as we talked about in the past, greater use of our own shared service centers, being able to leverage technology more effectively, streamlining, simplifying, a lot of our processes. So that work is going on as, you know, and we're on track with respect to the optimization which we've discussed provide some expense relief of roughly $30 million to $45 million by the end of the year. And to that run rate which is actually now beginning to flow through our numbers is something that has been very helpful, and just remind people, we had those acquisitions that came onboard Jemstep and Religare. And those expenses are being offset through this optimization whereas the revenues are showing up in the revenue line items. So we do think that, that's going to help further drive margin expansion. Our increments on margin continues to be at very high level and with that sort of 55% to 60% incremental margin, and our fee rate because of the mix that's coming in particularly around institutional being at our higher fee rate than what's going out. We'll continue to benefit from that. So I think all those factors to us that we can continue to see margins increase and, you know, get up to the levels that we've seen in the past without too much stretching. Clearly that's a factor of the market of course and what...
Loren Starr: I mean, just generally because I know people are quite curious. I mean in terms of guidance around expenses I mean we would see expenses sort of being roughly flat from the current level through the course of the year - based on sort of flat markets and FX. So that provides a nice back drop as we continue to grow the revenue line item.
Loren Starr: And the other thing that we also changed is maybe as a team is the use of fewer providers and so it’s the ones who are probably -- have the broadest set of capabilities, good performance who will probably fare better to the extent that there’s assets in motion as a result of DOL. We think we’re probably you know as well-positioned as one can be in that environment.
Loren Starr: Yeah, so obviously the management fee rate does have -- is impacted by FX and then there are some factors there as well as overall equity component verses non-equity. And so when the market declines, you’ll see some of that change. There's another element around our gross management fee rate, which people should be aware of. It’s the RDR impact right, as we go to continue to bleed out the old fee rate and replace it with the net fee rate that has an impact on the gross management field. And so I’d say that is sort of a permanent and sustained as we go forward. But it doesn’t have any impact on the net revenue yield because commensurately our -- well the pain away goes away too. So, that’s why it is -- you almost have to look at that net number to really understand the dynamic of that shifting mix But there -- in terms of the trends around what’s driving our management fee, we still feel that it’s quite stable. Maybe, I mean to the extent that Europe is a little bit slower than it’s been in the past, its one engine that was driving that fee rate, which is probably not something you’d look to be driving forward. But we are seeing continued engines around Asia alternatives, which is helping us continue to see that fee rate increase as well as the institutional mix generally being better. So, I’d say the net revenue yield ex-performance fees, you know, quarter -- next quarter and going forward is kind of flattish to this quarter and so that would be -- so even with that FX, so I think with that FX down obviously that has a negative impact, but because the mix is positive, it’s probably off setting it. So, hopefully that’s helpful in terms of the modeling on the fee rate. A lot of dynamics underneath clearly have to have some impact, but generally, we expect to see that trend in terms of improving fee rates continue, but maybe at a somewhat slower pace.
Loren Starr: I’m sorry I thought you were -- so the 1.5 billion and that was just related to market and outflows and so I don’t think -- I don’t know how it -- where it came out of.
Loren Starr: All right, so of the 8 we have -- I don’t know if we have all the detail right now. I think it’s similar -- similar is what my experts are telling me. Okay, very good.
Loren Starr: The [Indiscernible] has gone positive in the second quarter, but that was -- it was largely institutionally driven. Retail has significantly improved, so it’s just very modestly in an outflow. So, I’d say both on the retail and institutional side, very good sort of indication of this product. Sort of the better position now than we than it has in the past given the very strong performance.
Loren Starr: I mean we think it’s -- I mean that 3% to 5%, obviously, is what we think we can do over time. It’s been sort of more of a benchmark. I think for this year, we would like to see us at least enter that range. But given obviously what’s going on in Europe, it’s been a little bit of an unusual situation. So, I don’t want to sort of promise flaws because that’s always -- that’s probably even harder than the promising performance fees. But we -- everything we say in terms of the institutional pipeline growing the fact that we have -- certain parts are business, particularly Asia is absolutely strong both on the retail and the institutional side. We see power shares hitting new records or close to records on flows. I think it's certainly reasonable for us to think that we could sort of get close to that 3% at a minimum.
Loren Starr: So, I think the GTR pipeline is certainly featuring in a lot of the growth in a pipeline generally. That’s the one that’s you know probably up more than 20% quarter-over-quarter. So, it’s just one that continues to be seen. I think it also with respect to some of the continuing products that it’s sort of distancing itself even further, relative to other products. So, it had the ability to grow far beyond its current level, we would expect. And certainly is looked at I think and reviewed in the U.S. by consultants and then taken on as well. So, that’s the important component of getting that completed for us to really fulfill, ultimately I think what could be the full potential as well as on the retail side in the U.S. where I think it’s about 0.5 billion or maybe a little less, only 300 million or something like that. But it hasn’t really been launched fully and it hasn’t hit its two-year track record yet and so once it does that I think it’s really going to have an opportunity to do a whole lot more than what we’ve seen in the U.S.
Loren Starr: So, I mean in terms of the U.S. GAAP, it’s mark-to-market and then that’s -- you’re going to see that flowing through the P&L and you are seeing it flowing through the U.S. GAAP P&L currently. In terms of our non-GAAP disclosure, what we’ve done is we’ve backed out that mark-to-market and we are only bringing in what has been actually realized. And so this quarter that was a very small amount of money in terms of the impact. For the next couple of quarters, just based on the current rate, that’s probably close to a penny EPS for each of the quarters going forward. So, in terms of what we would do if we were going to roll it, because we have it out through the Q1, I think we’re going to be patient and think about whether we need to or want to. But I, obviously, again have to look at the cost first to sort of lock-in right now at current rates, or a discount to current rates because we’ve been using out of the money puts. I’m not sure if anybody would be too excited about a hedge 1.25 or something like that. So, it is something that we’re going to continue to look at and evaluate as to whether we continue to roll this thing. But certainly we’re going to hold on to what we’ve got right now and continue to benefit at least from a cash flow and EPS perspective from the protections provided.
Loren Starr: No, I think it’s going to be roughly flat to current levels, so I think that’s the way you can think about it, sort of flat. There’s a little fluctuation here and there, but generally flat.
Loren Starr: The only thing that I’d say is probably around the DOL, there’s probably more question marks just generally.
Loren Starr: And I think it was so the comment that was made are people -- certain clients going to sort of gravitate to using exclusively low fee product as opposed to active product and so whether insurance companies or others may choose to do something like that in the future, unclear. But if it happens, it happens obviously to industry-wide. As we said, I think we’re well-positioned to operate in that world as we do have low fee tax deposits.
Loren Starr: I think, again, like any -- like you’d imagine, I mean if we continue to launch very innovative and products in advance of competitors, so that’s also part of our strategy is making sure that we have that first mover advantage. And just given the depth of our team and our connection to our clients, I think we’re achieving that quite well.
Loren Starr: So I think the RDR impact is going to be largely completed by the end of this year. That would be my guess. So, you can expect that to be completely sort of played out. In terms of performance fees, you’re right; I don’t have you know full clarity. I think I would still say sort of roughly $5 million a quarter and for the other revenues, which is another element I think sort of again hanging roughly around $30 million a quarter is the right way to think about it.
Martin Flanagan: Thank you, Loren, let me just make a couple summary comments before we get to Q&A. We believe our ability to produce strong long term net flows this quarter reflects the fundamental strength of our firm. Our expertise across a broad range of fundamental and factor base capabilities and our focus on helping retail and institutional clients achieve their investment objectives. We feel good about the commencement of our business. We closed strong across the quarter as we help clients manage through the volatility we saw in June. Strong flows have continued into July with more than $8 billion of long term net inflows across variety of capabilities and regions. This $8 billion includes $6.5 billion that is related to the 529 mandate which was recently funded. As noted during our investor day and earlier this year, we were very well positioned to help clients be successful which in turn will enhance our market relevance strive growth and strengthen shareholder value over the long term. And with that Loren and I would like to take any question you all have.
Martin Flanagan: Maybe I'll make a comment and Loren can talk more specifically. You know, as I just mentioned we just continue to see really strong, you know, really strong flows. And I think importantly, you're seeing as I said long term flows away from the 529 plan you saw more than $1.5 billion already. You know, the pipeline continues to be very, very strong. And the other element that we're seeing is again the power share data capabilities, the breath and longevity of the range. It's really kicking in and so this - we are right now it looks like it's going to continue quite strongly, you know, through the border.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. And, you know, like us, like by others, you know, very engaged with clients. I mean what was really interesting was you saw in our numbers, June, you know, that was probably the peak of uncertainty and you saw it in the flows being most negative here to date. Interestingly, a number of institutional clients were waiting until after the vote and what it really did was start to, in their mind it created clarity and the institutional mandate started a fund in quite, you know, in the 30 days past that. And we're also seeing retail investors making decisions on where to put their assets. And again, we point out GTR has been a real beneficiary of that. So people are looking to, you know, just relook at their asset allocation capabilities. The good news is the breadth of our capabilities put us in a position that we can be helpful to them in any which way. So, it is really days but everything we see, I frankly think its opening opportunity for a firm like us. We are positioned very strongly, you know, structurally for a Brexit. That means we're not distracted by trying to - having revamp product lines or anything along that way. And we can just really, really be focused on clients. And again it was a total over reaction in light of if you look at Invesco share price and again I take the results are making that point quite clear.
Martin Flanagan: So, what came over was $6.5 billion and so those are combinations of your market impact and with the transition it is now completed the transitions in place. And everybody is very, very focused on expanding the capabilities through the retail channel. We think it's going to - it's a great plan and we think that we can help make it even more successful. So, we're executing as we speak.
Martin Flanagan: Ken, the one thing I would just there's about 2.8 related to international growth. That was sort of the thing that we - I think we - people understand that there was one client who turned out it was a parting of ways, but that international growth capabilities performing extremely well. It's been a close capability and its one that I think is going to get filled up pretty quickly through the course of this year. So I would do that as a little bit one offish with respect to kind of the equity - the active equity outflow. The other elements are sort of somewhat consistent with past, what you've seen in the past. So I don't think there's anything that's sort of accelerating outflow, relative to that category other than that one element.
Martin Flanagan: I might add a point though. I would say from my perspective where were really going to see the margin expansion is really on the organic growth. You know, we continue to be very discipline on expenses as we always have been as Loren just described. But I tell you for the 11 years I've been here I don't know that I know a time when I've seen so many of our initiatives sitting in front of us to have such an impact. You know, you're starting to see and institutional factor base smart beta solutions. And so our debate internally is, what is the wise move of investing in these to get the returns versus being very cautious. And again it's something we do all the time, but it's really that market relevance expansion of the business that sits right in front of us. And it's a very exciting time quite frankly for us.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah, so I would say, from my perspective, which is probably naïve I thought there was going to likely be a uniform you know response, but in reality what’s happened is each of those distributors are different. Their businesses are positioned differently and so they’re all variations on the theme and that makes sense quite frankly. And what also -- it’s -- there are ways to continue to be supportive of the brokerage business, but knowing that the movement is towards their advisory businesses. And so you know they’re putting a DOL on the place you know along those lines and again that you know plays well to an organization such as ours where we have such a range of high conviction fundamental capabilities and the factor-based investing. And so it would be too early for us to be very specific on what the outcomes are but, as I said, it looks like you could see some changes to share classes. You could see some different changes in use of -- focus on asset classes and the like. So, that’s what we know right now. But again, I would be getting ahead of our clients if I said--
Martin Flanagan: Sure, so again take this -- reality as no one knows exactly, so let’s do the more likely than not. The more likely than not is Brexit is going to happen and that you’re going to end up with trade agreements between the continent and the U.K. that are mutually beneficial. It’s going to take time to get there. That said let’s get down to our business. Our business, as I was trying to highlight, we are already structured for a post-Brexit environment. We’re a very strong U.K. business, very strong continental business, and we don’t see any changes there. And for all a range of reasons and the impact on the business is going to be largely driven by the economic environment. And yeah, there is a scenario where it’s less negative than everything that you heard. I mean, with the pound depreciating, that’s actually the exporters in the U.K. are actually doing very well. So, I think, the reality is this is going to be very hard at a political level, but I would say our business is a business that is structured for the change and there is a need for asset management services and we just really don’t -- the -- this industry being hurt to the degree that some other businesses might be where they’re literally going to have to move people to different part of -- out of the U.K., out of the continent and you know vice versa. So, it is just not part of what’s going to happen to us as asset managers. Now there are some asset management firms that are not structured like we are, and they’re going to have to do some work to get positioned to be continually successful. But again, we’re trying very hard to point out looking at the elements we talked about earlier -- it’s a huge part of the world. It’s a strong part of the world. They’re clearly going through some changes, but I think it’s a total mistake to think that the reach will not continue to be important and that it will not continue to be an important part of our business.
Martin Flanagan: So, our view is this is that it's by less simple than your perspective. What our financial advisors are trying to do, they’re trying to generate excess returns, risk adjusted returns over time and you cannot get there with cap weighted indexes. And so it really is a combination of high [Indiscernible] fundamental, good performing active as you’re describing in combination with passive and where we think the combination is, is in smart data. And when you combine those together you get an overall -- the total cost is less and so that’s why this element of being strong in solutions really matters for an organization. So, we just look at the position of the firm and having the whole range of capabilities and the ability to help with solutions and that’s at a retail level, we take our position very well. I think the firms that are disadvantaged are those that are very, very narrow in scope and clearly, if you’re a high class, narrow in scope, moderately performing organization, you’re in trouble.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah. I mean, no, I mean it really did unleash, in particular, in the U.K. and on the Continent, people decided to move forward with the -- their intention to fund different institutional capabilities. And then if you -- as Loren said, if you just go to Asia-Pac right now, it’s just very strong for us. And so there really has not been any impact that you could tie to that event or other uncertainty in the world. In fact, for us, much differently than that, it just the pipeline as we keep saying, it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and -- so, no we’ve not seen that.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah, but I would add though is that what is happening is the financial advisors want to generate excess returns -- adjusted excess returns that you just can’t get in cap weighted indexes and so active is here to stay. And if you’re good investor, you’re going to do well.
Martin Flanagan: There’s no question it raised the profile and it is helping very much and as I said, we’re actually, it’s a two different levels the solutions element, it’s starting to kick in. Frankly, you would imagine, but it -- at the retail level and also in Asia-Pac, there is actually, Mainland China in particular just really growing opportunity. So, again, we’d say its early days for us in that area, but again, we feel a very, very strong capability and there’s an awful lot of activity around it.
Martin Flanagan: Got you. Yeah, so, look as we said in the past and I think we all just saw it, so anticipate something coming out of the liquidity rule. The involvement that the industry has had is that we think there’s going to be a commonsensical outcome, which would be a good thing. And if that is the case I -- it’s going to be quite frankly an awful lot of work, but it’s something that’s very manageable for the industry. The derivatives rule, again, it’s -- it is I would say the first notion of it was -- it would’ve gotten in the way of a number of products for the industry and in particular, for us at a retail level, GTR probably would’ve been very, very challenged in the proposed rules. We’re sensing that we’re going to end up with a better outcome, which will not get in the way of a number of our products. I don’t want to be so definitive yet because it’s not there. But I’d say very good progress and being very thoughtful on really trying to help the SEC get to what they need and so the dialogue has been constructive. And so again I -- we’ll see what ultimately comes out, but at the moment I’d say it’s trending to a commonsensical good, thoughtful outcomes on both levels.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah, good question. So, you’ve already seen the number of money fund providers have over the last couple of years. You’re probably going to see it again. And it’s going to be a smaller number of firms that are committed to and successful in that area. So, we’re actively committed to it. We’ve done a bunch of work on the product line-up and you’re going to see us, I think -- you’re going to see the -- a very strong part of our business in growing and that, I think just in July there’s been $4 billion of money fund in-flows already. So, yes we’re anticipating that it’s going to be a stronger part of our business going forward.
Martin Flanagan: Good question. So, we look at smart data as a subset of factor investing and again, I think very importantly I’m repeating myself, but we’re one of very few firms that have a factor-based capability that’s been in business 35 years and the fundamental investing that we have. And so that combination of those around the world for us that put us in a unique position. So factor investing outside of the United States is much more an institutional business and it’s growing in demand, both in the Continent and Loren mentioned that we’re looking -- doing some things in the U.K. at the retail level. Actually, there and Asia-Pac is actually growing in demand. In the United States, it tends to be a retail focus and expressed as smart data through ETFs. And where we look at our strategic positioning and I think very importantly, then differently than a mutual fund where you can have 200 of the same XYZ funds competing it’s very hard to see beyond really three ETFs of sort of the same color would be successful just because of the nature of the ETF with market makers and the like. So, first mover advantage matters a lot. The other thing that really matters, too, is the longevity of, so think length of track record. And if you look at the power shares line-up of smart data, any number of funds are 10 years old. And so when people are looking to invest or looking at the length of capability also look at the liquidity within it. And so those are very different dynamics than you would have with a mutual fund. So, the good news is people are coming in so it sort of -- it confirms the attractiveness of smart data. That said, it’s going to -- it’s a very, very competitive space to enter into to say nothing of how do you work in conjunction with active management within your organization. So, we think we’re in a pretty good position.
Martin Flanagan: It’s a good question. I'm sorry. So, yes, still early days with Jemstep. It’s proving to be a very constructive addition to the firm. It is an application so the -- if you want to call it the sales cycle is longer. There is a tremendous amount of interest in it and I think you said it right; it’s sort of looking into mid next year that type of thing before you start to see an impact. But again, it’s very much positioned to be helpful to our clients, not competing with our clients. So, it is direct-to-consumer and it is -- as I said earlier, it is -- we’re having deeper conversations with clients because of the capability that we have to help enable them deal with the range of things that they’re dealing with coming through DOL and the like.
Martin Flanagan: So, I’ve not been in the industry for quite a long time. And it’s been declared to consolidate for every five years it seems it really hasn’t for various reasons that we all know. I would be in a camp consistent with others that it does seem very different this time and I -- one of it -- you could look at it as a maturing industry. But you talk about active management. My view is you go in cycles and we’ve had this beta run from 2009 on with government intervention, which aligned the stars for cap weighted indexes, that’s not sustainable. So, I think that’s been overdone. That said it’s here to stay. I think you’re going to see greater growth of factor investing as we said. But active management you’ll actually -- it will thrive. I think those individuals that are calling it dead asset class are making a mistake. So, that said, I think the other element that’s really driving the notion of consolidation. It’s the regulatory landscape; it is so costly to keep up with all of these, to say nothing of Cyberspace. So, its rising cost in a competitive environment and I think those are the dynamics that are going to you know also be changing -- be forces to drive consolidation. And luckily we’re fortunate enough to be positioned extremely well. As we’ve just been talking about on this call. I’d say the business here has never been stronger. It’s seemingly getting all engines are kicking in quite nicely and matched against the trends that are in place and I think that people that try to catch up with the trends, it’s going to be very hard. You need to have started three years ago, five years ago, seven years ago, honestly. That said, we don’t see a lot of gaps, but we will continue to pay attention to the marketplace, as we have in that past, selectively as things can -- if we can become a stronger organization by teaming up with another organization, we’ll continue to do that. That’s said, that’s not our focus right now.
Martin Flanagan: So, we’re one of the first firms to have exemptive relief or active ETFs and we launched them, I’m going to say, in 2007, two of them. And I think what’s in them is basically our C capital. So, there’s a lot of conversation about active ETFs. They just really have not taken off. So, we have the capability to do it. We keep analyzing it. We’ve just not seen that as a big -- lot of demand for it. Now, if you read the papers, you would think that’s all that anybody cares about, so that’s been our experience, so maybe we just have it wrong but that’s our experience. With regards to different wrappers, I -- the -- if you look at net shares, it’s interesting, but it can be 100% achieved by a share class and a mutual fund. If you use an R6 share class, you get the exact outcome via without the challenge of -- a different vehicle trying to get launched within a channel. And although it’s creative, I think that’s been the head wind for it. So, it could ultimately be successful, but again I think there’s an easier way to get there. And you really need to do it in conjunction with your clients, i.e., think distribution partners. So, things will continue to evolve. I personally think the area that will continue to grow the most for IB, most additive is smart data because it is -- you get better outcomes with smart data than you do with cap-weighted indexes. So, I think that’s really going to be where the gravitational pull is when you look at these ranges of capabilities that you just highlighted. So, that’s our view. We could be wrong, but that’s what we’re thinking right now.
Martin Flanagan: Yeah, look, the reality is we’re still in an uncertain market. If you just play back the year, look at January, February, what happened -- you look around at what’s happened with Brexit and the knock on, that tends to be the big driver. If you look within our flows, we’ve had tremendous flows in U.S. dividend stocks, which is consistent with this sort of -- I want yield, I want some growth, but I’m somewhat concerned about the environment. If you look at the value capabilities, I feel really good about the teams and how their managing, what tends to be in those are you know energy and financials, which had been hurt again in the volatility. So, my basic view is that you continue to ensure that you have high quality teams that can deliver over a market cycle and I think that’s really the important thing. You can’t look quarter-to-quarter or year-by-year calendars don’t matter, market cycles matter. And you’re going to get excess returns with strong active management and I think when the psychological environment moves, I think that’s where you’re really going to see the gross -- the net flow has actually pick up in those active capabilities. So, again, I think you have to segment them to the different styles. I think that’s really what’s driving it right now.
Martin Flanagan: Well, thank you very much. On behalf of Loren and myself, I appreciate the engagement and the questions and we’ll be speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
