Martin Flanagan: Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us. And if you're so inclined, you can follow along the presentation that's on the website. I'll cover the business results today and talk a little bit about the combination. Loren will get into greater detail of the results and impact of the combination and as practice; we'll open-up to Q&A. So, let me get started. I'm on Page 6, if you happen to be following the presentation. And as you saw, we successfully closed the OppenheimerFunds transaction at the end of May with $1.2 trillion in assets under management. We're now the sixth largest retail manager in the United States, 13th largest manager in the world, which puts us in a much [indiscernible] position to meet client needs. We're now just two months past close and we are more confident ever in our ability to achieve the deal economics and the tremendous potential of the combination. I also want to point out; we're incredibly pleased that the combination has created a much stronger organization with very talented people. Our conversations with clients reaffirm our view that the expanded set of capabilities we now offer combined with best-in-class distribution format, meaning we strengthened our relevance in the market and of late increase organic growth. I also want to point out there are very clear benefits to shareholders from the transaction. I want confirm once again we will get the $475 million in net synergies, 85% of that will be accomplished by the end of this year. The additional scale, resiliency and stability resulting from the combination will help us achieve a greater than 41% run-rate operating margin. And finally, pro forma year-end EBITDA on 2020 is expected to be exceeding $2.6 billion. Turning to the highlights; investment performance remained strong during the quarter. 58% of actively managed assets were in the top half of peers over both the three and five year period are getting greater detail in just a minute. Long-term net outflows totaled $3.9 billion, building on the improved trend over the prior quarter, reflecting stronger flows from our ETF and institutional businesses. During the quarter we began to see the power of the combination of recognizing the deals only close for one month. There is a 16% increase in net revenue quarter-over-quarter. The operating margin expanded 300 basis points to 35% or 27% increase in operating income quarter-over-quarter to $363 million. We're now operating from a position of strength, which has enabled us to invest in the growth of our business while also returning $389 million to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends during the quarter. All of this means we're better positioned to deliver relevant outcomes for our clients invest in future growth of the organization and provide solid returns for shareholders. Turning to investment performance on Slide 8; as I mentioned, performance remained strong, 58% of our actively managed assets were at 58% of five-year period, 33% of that was top quartile performance. The combination has enhanced the depth and breadth of our investment expertise across the business while further expanding the scale of our investment capabilities. Invesco now ranks Top 10 in assets under management, 10 of the 15 largest asset categories in US retail channel, which is the largest market in the world. Best examples are a second-ranked in bank loans, HY Munis, third rank in emerging markets, fourth rank in global equities. We see three areas where there's an alignment from market demand is strong, long-term track records of our capabilities that being global, international, emerging markets equity, fixed income and alternatives. All three of these asset classes have significant percentage of our assets in the top quartile for all time periods. So, in short, we're very well positioned in the market and the capabilities we are seeing strong demand, which will drive organic growth. I'll now pass over to Loren to go through the results.
Martin Flanagan: Thank you, Loren. Let me make a couple of comments before we get to Q&A. And as we've discussed on previous calls, we continue to be very focused on improving our leadership position in core markets, which of course this combination has while at the same time investing in those parts of the business where we see rapid growth. This approach has helped us to deliver best-in-class set of capabilities, which will drive sustainable broad-based growth as we look to the future. The combination with OppenheimerFunds has meaning if we accelerated the strategy. Obviously, expanding our leadership position in United States while also strengthen our business in areas where we're growing quite rapidly as Loren mentioned, China ETFs, digital platform solutions to name a few. So again, we're just too much paths closed and we have all the confidence that the combination is meeting and exceeding our expectations. And with that, let me open-up to questions please.
Martin Flanagan: And let me add. Because you raised a very good point. I have absolute confidence that the operating results are going to be as you would predict, as we've talked about through '19 through '20. That said, two fundamental strength of our organization are seeing headwinds. Brexit is a headwind and for us it is incredibly risk-off in UK in particular. And the trade wars actually do impact our position in Asia-Pac. That said, we're still going to get the results that we're talking about. So, if you see any benefit in that, we would expect real strong increase in inflows.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, it's a good point Dan. I would say it's more broad. I mean, as you know, what has been a fundamental strength of the organization where we had nine years of net inflow up until throughout '17. Much of that was on the back of value biased equity capabilities and we're in an extreme period where it's out of favor almost, the most extreme period that we've seen, that's a record. That said the investors are still very, very talented, have great faith in them and they are going to do quite fine. So, the business issue that you're talking about is the flows and as I keep pointing out, we're posting these results with these extreme headwinds. But now we're not just waiting for things to change. I would pay attention to the Intelliflo announcement came out in June and it is a digital platform that start with our model portfolio, starting in the fourth quarter of this year, it uses a broad array of our capabilities, both active and passive and we looked at it as a game changer in the UK.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, it's a good question. So, we fully agree with the notion that clients really around the world are looking much more sort of outcomes, which basically means that we are creating solutions, portfolios of different sizes and make-ups. We are seeing that in the US retail channel too. I would not say it's -- I'd say that is where it's heading, it tends to be right now the largest teams are very focused on it. And as we've talked over the years, where that [indiscernible] through our solutions capability, which is very strong, very talented, it's been marketed, it's been in market for a couple of years and they do anything from building unique portfolios for organizations to analytics for various teams to help them determine how they might shift their mix. So, we do think that's the future. There's no question about it. The other area where we have made a great investment is in all of our analytics around distribution and again it only got stronger with the combination with Oppenheimer. They had some very talented people there also. And again, we think we're clearly one of the top players with those capabilities. I think what it also highlights to just this kind of conversation. You have to have size of scale to compete and the notion that you don't have the depth and breadth of capabilities, we are active as of only for solutions and to have digital support and capabilities. I just think it's going to be very, very difficult for others to compete.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So, what you are saying, the ETF business in Europe is now kicking-off in a very strong way. We had currently 20% organic growth in the quarter. It's the second largest flow in the marketplace. So, sources absolutely integrated product line is the way it's supposed to be. We're executing on all cylinders and back to the United States. Again, we're also starting to see our ETF flows picked up, again very important element of that is the bullet shares. We're not done with that. The build-out of the BulletShares capabilities yet, but the ones that we have put in place are very strong and again play to just a question you were asking about earlier a huge opportunity in the marketplace for financial advisors in particular with the BulletShares capabilities.
Martin Flanagan: Let me make a comment before Loren does. And I think you're hitting on something that is largely misunderstood. So when you look at our business, I can speak to others. The growth in our ETF business is a positive one, a very positive one. The profitability, the profit margins are in excess of our stated profit margins. So it's actually accretive to the business. And so the overall effect of fee rate if it drifts down, it has nothing to do with fee pressure. It has all to do with the mix in shift, which quite frankly is an area where we have greater profitability.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. China is a fundamental strength of ours. It has been for a long time. But what you are seeing now is the growth is just incredible and it was always an opportunity, but now it's literally happening, it's happening at both levels. The institutional level there we're managing money for the sovereign wealth funds etc. But the joint venture is amazing situation right now, Invesco Great Wall. The flows continue to grow and we expect that to continue. And then probably the thing by most unique is we're the only foreign money -- managing money for and financial that money fund and what's happened post that is then adding on traditional long only equity fixed income capabilities. So what they call the e-commerce platforms are very strong and for us is from nothing to a number two distributor in China right now. So we see nothing but ongoing success in China.
Martin Flanagan: No. Look I, we don't see that sort of conversation about the regulatory where it might end up is impacting our flows. I mean it was really has been as we spoke previously its risk-off environment and people in particular hate UK equities just with Brexit overhang and again what we see is the real opportunity for us in the UK. It's a very important market for us. We will continue to be. There have been obviously important headwinds because of Brexit and as we've said we really saw come to light just really last year. It's real in the marketplace and that's where the reactions are, but again I think what we've done, our competitive position with Intelliflo and the impact on flows now it's going to probably kick-in much more Q1 next year, but we'll start to see probably in Q4 beginning of inflows through various models on [indiscernible]. Again, it just puts us in a very different place competitively than the other organizations we compete with there.
Martin Flanagan: Let me start. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we anticipate the retail products be available outside the United States in October. Institutionally, we're just going through, we call market readiness right now with a number of the Oppenheimer teams. So we'll be in market very shortly. Here already there's been some meetings out in Asia with the teams. So that's all underway. I'll make a comment and Loren speak more specifically of the size. But the US retail distribution force as I said, it's the most talented group of individuals that I've ever been associated with. They're very focused at in-market and focusing on different channels and what we had in the past. Within it, high net worth being one of the areas and again, we just think we're positioned very strongly in that market.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. Look, I think the excitement around it is ahead of the reality of the impact and I think you're starting to pick that up. I think it's a very interesting vehicle and again we will be willing to participate in our own way in that. But we don't anticipate it being frankly a big change in the industry anytime soon.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So let me start with Jemstep. So still main channel focused, we're now -- as I've said in the past it's literally an application, but you install it literally is integrated into the client's infrastructure, so it does take longer to do that. So that's starting to happen right now. We're anticipating probably into next year when we'll start to see something more material there. Intelliflo is further ahead, 35% market share in the United Kingdom between and telephone Jemstep. There are opportunities outside of the United States and the UK that we're looking at right now. So again, I would say 2020 you're going to start to see flow impact from the combination of those two.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, very strong relationships and the teams are -- both teams are working very diligently and probably half a dozen different initiatives right now. They range from the obvious with their sales force of 8,500 here in the United States and opportunities they are co-product development things in the general account we're having a conversation with and also looking at there is some related things we can do with their insurance capabilities and our money management capabilities. So we're well into it and how big could it be, we'll just have to see, but they're a great partner and they are actually dedicated to success of between the two organizations and frankly very excited about it. You'll hear more specifics in a not too distant future.
Martin Flanagan: No, not just retail. I think what has our experience been and things that will transfer be successful. It really depends on the long-term track records, but really not just that, but the asset class itself. And as I was saying that from the beginning of this, if you look at the capabilities that came over, they are in-demand capabilities. So they have a got a great global equity capability. Global equity is not that attractive here in the United States. Outside of the United States, it's very attractive at the institutional level. And that is one of the areas we're having conversations. There is emerging markets equity, emerging markets debts to other areas where there's institutional demand. And frankly, there's not enough high quality managers in those areas. And so if you look at the combined firm right now, we're very, very strong in emerging market equity. Obviously, we're one of the most important franchises in the industry there. You look at things if you want to get sort of basically have the bank loan capabilities with ours. It is arguably the top in the industry and those are things that are not just in the United States, but outside of the United States, too. So you really have to look at, we keep talking about the makeup of the asset classes that came over. There are really important asset classes that many institutions are interested in them also and not just the retail channel outside of the States. So again for us if it's going to happen it's just when is it going to happen and just from my past experience, we're further ahead than we've ever been in the combination. And at this time, we're literally in market trying to make things happen where more often than not, you don't start something like that till six months after closing a combination of size. So I can't tell you what quarter we're going to start to see the flows, but we've done everything possible to be in market making impact right now.
Martin Flanagan: Let me hit the last. So, no, it's not predicated on investors changing their appetite. I didn't say that simply because of the depth and breadth of our capabilities. There are very few asset classes that we don't have strong capabilities and so regardless of market, yes that's a topic. You're asking the very important question of what's happening, why our investors stayed away from US equities probably in particular. Look, it's 10 years after the market bottom, I still think investors have been -- retail investors in particular focused on cap weighted indexes. Quite frankly, I think they have too much exposure to it and retail investors that is and you saw what happened in Q4 last year and I think you just again have to look at the narrowness of the equity market and the difference in the value growth trade and that's really where the money is going right now and that is we've said and I'm sure you have too. We hope retail investors understand what they own. It will change and but when will it change, probably after correction in my investment.
Martin Flanagan: Okay, thank you everybody for the questions and I look forward talking to you next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
Loren Starr: And Ken, we had an estimate of 1% to 2% organic growth scheduled to begin in 2020. So, at this point, we're still hopeful that we can achieve those types of levels of growth. Again, there is an opportunity to take these capabilities into our institutional channel into our offshore business. There is a lot of activity going on as we speak to actually make that happen a lot of interest in those channels for these products. We have some headwinds on certain key products in the Oppenheimer sort of capabilities, but there are other really high performing capabilities as well that we think we're going to be able to leverage itself. So, I'd say in terms of our distribution efforts that is really being spring-loaded in terms of being able to execute really in a position as we get to the second half of this year. I mean, again, there is probably some headwinds in the near-term, still that we're going to see, as I mentioned, we don't think anything can change, but ultimately, we're going to start seeing the benefit of this really world-class organization coming together and being able to execute.
Loren Starr: Great question. So, I think the reduction in sales was really just the market environment that we've been in, things slowed down in terms of funding. So, there is some pause that happens. So, the one but not funded pipeline is still as large as it's been in fact it is up 10% versus prior quarter is up 31% versus prior year. So, the pipeline of one not funded is robust, very strong growing. So, we feel confident those assets are going to come through. It's really just a matter of timing on the solar redemption side. Again, it's hard to say what is permanent and what is not. In terms of what we know, in terms of expected outflows, nothing has increased relative to prior levels. So, we think that looks reasonably stable. But there is always going to be potential for idiosyncratic outflows that come from certain key clients. So again, what we can manage at the sales probably more than the redemption side and we are feeling very positive about that outlook into the next couple of quarters.
Loren Starr: And I didn't answer your last question sorry Ken. So, it's about more than 60% of the pipeline is in alternatives, about 23% is in equities and some 10% in fixed income; just to give you a sense of where it is coming from.
Loren Starr: So, Dan, we certainly have seen this transaction is an opportunity to upgrade significantly as we've talked about putting the firm together, becoming stronger firm has been part of the objective. This is not just been about cost saves. It's actually about creating a stronger organization. And so, we actually view this as a fundamental part of the transaction, the $475 million should be viewed as a net number, net of investments in terms of what we're going to deliver. We're absolutely confident we're going be able to deliver that. I think the good news is that we've been able and we expect to be able to continue to invest alongside delivering the savings into critical areas that will strengthen our distribution, our investment capabilities and invest in new technologies automation to augment our operational efficiency, really bringing our firm to sort of the state of the art and basically avoiding sort of the need to invest in the future, so really allowing us to accelerate all this activity right now. Today, we've been able to invest, small amount. So, let's say roughly $30 million. There is an opportunity I think to be able to invest more as we go through, but in terms of kind of the modeling and your thinking I would bank on the net $475 million is what to expect.
Loren Starr: I'd also point out because it's moved quickly, there's lot of currency going on here as well, but pre-Brexit our UK as a percentage of AUM was about 12% of total. And as we show it is about 6%. So again, in terms of kind of the total exposure to Invesco just by the nature of the currency and some of the market and flow dynamics, it is not as large an exposure to the firm as you might have otherwise seen just a short period of ago.
Loren Starr: So, in terms of institutional notification, that's not really a factor because I think we really had very limited institutional relationships of any size at Oppenheimer's 529 was the largest for sure. So that's done. We have not seen any sort of notifications large scale institutional or retail-wise that indicate we should expect outflows due to breakage due to this transaction. There are as we mentioned some performance headwind, which we don't think fairly should be attributed to the deal. It's more just kind of the nature of the asset class or the performance in combination. A good example would be around kind of the international growth capability, which I think industry-wide was in significant outflow and so we certainly saw some of that hit our capability as well. So basically I would say in terms of the transaction and the impact -- that's not as we said, it's going to be materially less in terms of the current headwinds around outflows, again some of that may persist into Q3 and Q4, we are hoping to offset some of that through improved sales efforts across not only protecting that current estimates, but also promoting some of the other very strong investment capabilities through channels that had not previously been able to access those products where they weren't on the platform. So hopefully that's helpful in terms of sizing it. I wouldn't say the market has been helpful too. So, offsetting some of the outflow markets have offset that. So, in terms of the overall AUM levels related to Oppenheimer, we're still exactly where we were kind of in Q1.
Loren Starr: Glenn just in terms of specifics, I mean some of the largest flows we're seeing in terms of the S&P 500 low volatility ETF, we also saw a significant inflows into a newly launched fund in Europe, which is our MSCI, Saudi Arabia, ETF. Physical gold is another one where we saw interest. BulletShares in the US has been and continues to be a very, very fast growing capability, short duration ETFs as well seem to have picked up a lot of share. So a combination of fixed income commodities and mobile.
Loren Starr: And in terms of the way we are thinking about it, the incremental margin that we're seeing as we grow, is in that 50% to 60% range, one that we've historically talked about. So nothing has shifted really in terms of our ability to see margins grows as we grow, certainly delivering that the net incremental number well above the firm's overall margin. As we talked about even though passive continues to be a very fast growing part of our business. The incremental margin on that business is actually extremely attractive and also well in excess of the firm's overall margin. So again, we want to differentiate. In fact that we've been focused mostly on the sort of smart beta factor based ETFs, which have generally higher prices than we've seen on the commoditized market cap weighted ETFs. And again that gives those products really strong margin incremental margin characteristics.
Loren Starr: No, it really would not. There are very few places where Oppenheimer is subject to performance fees. I would say that the only caveat is to the extent that we use those capabilities institutionally in places in the US or outside the US. You could see some of those products potentially having some performance fees linked to them, but currently on their current asset base, no and other revenues as well. No.
Loren Starr: So Bill, as I kind of hinted at one of the other questions, we obviously lost some assets through outflow, but we actually gained those that assets back through market. So in terms of general accretion, we're kind of exactly where we were before just happened to be where we are right at that that same level of AUM.
Loren Starr: Yes, good question. So again I think we would expect to see some 3% inflation on expenses generally as you get out into those outer years. I think again, one of the good news elements of that we are accelerating the fair amount of investment through this transaction. So our need to sort of substantially sort of redo technology and other things that other firms might have to deal with it through the course of the next several years. We're kind of getting a lot of that done through this transaction.
Loren Starr: We still have in the model an assumption of roughly 2 basis points being lost due to sea breakages, you remember Patrick. And so we still don't know if that's going to be fully the case. But at this point, not able to say that it's not the case. And so I would still assume that there is, that $45 million kind of loss going to happen at some point, particularly as we at some point potentially rationalize products and so forth. So the way that I'd be thinking about it we were 39.1 in Q2. We'd expect to see our basis points climb roughly 2 basis points into Q3, maybe a little bit sort of higher into Q4. So that would be our thinking sort of 40, 41.2 to 45 in that range for the last half of this year.
Loren Starr: Yes. I'd say, I mean, about half of our flows are coming from those digital distribution channels. The economics on those channels are somewhat similar to what they are for the banking channel. So there is no sort of free gift here, but ultimately, we're very well positioned to continue to drive those types of products through and the overall fee rate in China in particular as well in excess of the firm's overall fee rate. So that dynamic in terms of our ability to distribute our active products into China is one that will have a positive impact, not only on margin and you can see what the margin is on our China Great Wall business, because we provide great detail in our queue and I mean it's in excess of 50%. So you can see that it's going to have a positive incremental margin impact as we grow if we're successful and we expect to be grown in China and our China business.
Loren Starr: So I think we announced some changes around our portfolio teams with respect to Oppenheimer and Invesco as we brought the two firms together. And again, it was relatively minor in terms of kind of the overlap as we had hinted. But now that we've sort of fully got our arms around that, the impacted assets are really not large and so when we think about fee breakage due to those changes, the $10 billion is well in excess of what is reasonable to think about. So it's really just understanding what ultimately, we're able to do around those investment teams and ultimately there'll be a follow-up impact on some products in terms of mergers of products and product rationalization. But the overall impact of AUM is not large.
Loren Starr: So it actually wasn't GTR, it was mostly the senior bank loan. So that was a massive outflow industry-wide where obviously large. It was about $2.3 billion of outflow for our senior loan business across the ETFs and the actively traded accounts. GTR was $1.3 billion out. So there was something there, but it was not the biggest piece and ultimately, I think GTR flow picture is not one that we are hugely concerned about. There has been some strong improvement year-to-date on the performance, I mean even though it's underperforming on a three-year basis. It actually performed extremely well in some of the most volatile months, doing exactly what it was supposed to do in terms of protecting downside. So we feel reasonably good about protecting the GTR franchise and not seen it so to continue to be a source of significant outflow.
Loren Starr: So I think what I was looking at was net revenue yield. So excluding performance fees, it's probably more flat when you think about where the timing is. So you can think about somewhere between sort of 41, as I mentioned 41.2, 41.5 just kind of the 41.5 pickup is just the performance fee impact, which is again are normally sort of weird and lame approach to and forecasted performance fees, which is not very accurate.
Loren Starr: Right. So again, we've had some outflow. We've said we've had some mixed dynamics that worked against us. So this is kind of where we're landing right now based on today.
Loren Starr: I mean this is impossible to really know. But we look at our outflows relative to the industry outflows and we try to explain how much of the outflow is due to the industry. We also obviously look at our performance and we can explain some of the outflow due to performance. We can explain 80% to 90% of the outflows we're seeing in the Oppenheimer deal due to industry flows and due to performance. So we're not having to attribute nor is it fair to attribute it to the deal. Again, if anyone tells us it's still related, we'll put it into that $10 billion. But we do think that mostly what is happening is due to industry kind of outflows and the performance on certain key large products.
Loren Starr: Yes, I can answer that Brian. It is actually very similar. I think there is always been this perception that lower fee rate products must mean lower margin, I mean that's been sort of the knee jerk on most people when they were bemoaning the dropping fee rate. But the reality is the incremental margin if you are able to grow off an existing portfolio team, I mean, you're not having to add a lot of resources to be able to do that. So the economics are similarly excellence and higher than the firms overall average. So as long as we can sort of grow assets both in active and passive, we're going to see the fee rate and the incremental margins in that 50% to 65% range. I mean again it varies a little bit tend to team region to region, but overall, it's fair to say that it's very similar.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean I'd say, I mean, it's been a huge effort, obviously the amount of training that had to happen, it has been significant. I mean there have been tens of thousands of hours of busy person and sort of training to get everyone up to speed on the products and the regions and kind of how things work in the combined organization. There has been significant work on the brand and sort of positioning and the digital campaigns with respect to our products and having people understand the combined organization versus the two what it was previously as two separate ones and we are beginning to really get real connection with placements and investment wins, particularly where consultants historically had missed the opportunities of previous firms because of the gaps we had in product capability, combined we have now sort of the full set of capabilities. So again, I think it's still as we said early days and so we really think we're going to see the ability to grow our sales number off of maybe what you see as a second quarter level. Just how successful we're going to be is, we'll see it when we see it. But we do think it's material and we do think that there is far more upside off of the levels that we're currently seeing. In terms of the other part that we're very excited about is the European opportunity, those products. I think we're ready to go at the end of September, sometime in September. So that's something that you will actually begin to see some activity in flows coming off of those products, hopefully this year.
Loren Starr: Just, I mean it was a modest increase. I think there was some change in composition with more use of hybrid sort of crossing between regional and I'm sorry, internal and external or where the hybrids are coming in, but I mean there wasn't a dramatic increase in the net side, it was really just the talent and the skill-set of the people that we retained.
Loren Starr: I mean, so most of the revenues are coming from Intelliflo. It's showing up in our service and distribution fee revenue line. I mean, so those numbers are becoming larger as the business is growing $10 million plus kind of levels. It is one that we have not really used this NPS capability out where you could actually see Invesco products find their way in these model portfolios. The total AUM for Intelliflo is about $450 billion in assets right now and it continues to grow just in the UK. So obviously the impact for us being successful with that activity would be material in terms of assets under management and revenues. So there is a reason to be excited about how this is going to go up.
