Martin L. Flanagan: Thanks, Bill. So again, as I've mentioned earlier, I think the main thing to look at is what's the reaction is. You look at -- let the numbers talk, right? So it's been known for a good long time that Neil would be leaving, and gross flows, sales are up 25% year-over-year. You look at the diversity of the flows, it just gets stronger and stronger. So that's really important. And also, again, just during the first quarter and sort of the continued feedback we get is very strong from the advice channel. And as I said, we actually had the highest place in gross sales in the 2 largest platforms during the quarter in the United Kingdom. So those are all very strong, I think, leading indicators of where we're going to go. And with regard to the 3 individuals that left, we actually anticipated that these individuals might leave. They were junior people. They were not long-tenured and, importantly, they were not contributor to Mark Barnett's excellent long-term track record. And only one of them managed money, and his responsibilities have been assumed by an individual who works very closely with Mark and the core team. And Mark has been building out his support team. And since the start of the year, he's added 3 highly regarded individuals with strong backgrounds. So we view these departures as very manageable and, as I said, they were not fully -- we somewhat anticipated these.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ken, because you probably won't remember. But if you go back to -- when these conversations by almost 3 years ago, we told everybody that we really wanted to make a difference in a cross-border market. Europe was going to be a focus of ours, and it has been a broad, deep effort over the last 3 years. And what that included was looking at the range of products we had available. There's been a pretty broad revamp of those products. The performance had been very, very strong. We actually redid the servicing model to drive service levels up for clients. And also, a much greater focus on the improvement of our distribution capabilities and how effective we were. And so, it's 3 years of effort that starts to show up in the last 12 months, which is very typical. It's just hard to have that all come together. And as I said, we've been in that region for a long time. We were not happy with where we were. And we'd still say, as we look over the next 3 years, we look to just continue to get stronger in that market.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I don't have those specific numbers. But what I would say, this might be sort of boring to you, but it's really taking sort of the best practices that we have in different parts of the world and taking them to Continental Europe and just being much more effective and thoughtful on how we execute with our clients. So there's been a tremendous amount of effort there, but I don't have the specific change in wholesalers, et cetera.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let me make a couple of comments, and Loren can get more specific. So the good news about sort of volatility year-to-date is that people remember why ABRA was important part of their portfolio, and that has been an important reason for the slowdown in the outflows. I think, also, realizing that in a retail market, the peer groups are really sort of the hodgepodge. But when you look at risk parity, it is a very, very strongly performing capability. And where there interest continued was in the institutional market. And so, again, as we've always said, sort of more challenging markets, you'll see people focus on ABRA. But in a rising equity market, individuals will go to equity capabilities. And we saw that change. And so, again, I think it's a very good product, positioned very strongly, and is being understood that way in the marketplace.
Martin L. Flanagan: Actually, we don't think about it. So the reality is he went from a colleague to now a competitor as of May 1. And we compete with some very talented organizations that have been in the market for decades with enormous resources. And we're going to do just fine. And I think that's what we showed. And I think, really to your point, I think the bigger institutional or single-trigger mandates, we think we're largely through that. I mean, I think the way you should be thinking about this is post second quarter, the toughest stuff is behind us. So I think that's really how we should be thinking about it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Very good question. So maybe up within the context of what we talked about in the past. So one bigger thought was we wanted to do much better in the United States a number of years ago when we had these conversations. We are starting to do that. We are strongly, strongly positioned here. And we would anticipate with the performance in our certain clients from distribution service levels. We would just look for the U.S. business to continue to strengthen. We did point out 3 years ago that we wanted to be much stronger on the continent, and we are showing that result. I'd still say we're third inning, using the baseball analogy, of where we should get to. One of the strongest parts of the business, quite frankly, is our position in Greater China. And it's -- I think there are some people who have a macro view that China is a headwind. That maybe the case in the short term, but when we look out 3 to 5 years, it is a force. And we could not be more better positioned into that. And then, if you look at, again, maybe some -- what's happening within the marketplace. Our ETF business goes from strength to strength. And we would continue to see that as a big contributor. And I think, also, importantly -- and again, you've asked this. Looking for out 3 years it is very clear to us that the advice channel, retail advice channel is focusing much more on outcomes for their clients. And with that evolution there, looking at a much broader range of investment capabilities, and I just want to say it's, historically, equity, fixed income. Clients are seeking lower volatility. They want some inflation production and all these different types of things. So what you saw from us at the end of last year, in particular, and here, was the introduction in the United States of arguably the broadest range of liquid alternative capabilities that will complement very much our traditional asset classes and focus on this evolution in the advice channel, which is not dissimilar to what the institutional market has done. That focus is not limited for us to the United States. We're taking that approach in the U.K., on the continent. And Asia is coming on also with it's just more complicated to get to the market there. So we think we're positioned for where the market is going, looking out 3 years. And again, I think you just have to look at the depth and breadth of the investment capabilities and the performance. This is very strong. And we'd supportive of strength for the next 3 years.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So remember, ABRA actually started in institutional market. And it was really the phenomenon that -- it was accepted strongly in the retail market. Where the more recent flows have been a continuation in the institutional market with ABRA. It is available in the United Kingdom, it is a great complement to the GTR fund. And it is also been in the SICAF lineup. And again, it's also being received very well. It is a more complicated product in Asia just because of the regulators' aversion to derivatives. So -- but for Asia, we think it's positioned really quite well for the long term.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I don't have really any more feedback than really the question you're asking. It was a much larger switch than what we had thought the performance of equity. All the capabilities was very, very strong. There had been a review or the balance mandate, and that was really probably the outcome. So some more strategic view that they were taking. And yes, how to have that managed than anything else. That said, we feel very strongly that we would have done an exceptional job, but there was opposition. So...
Martin L. Flanagan: I'd say 8 years later it's an overnight success. I mean, I think you're on the core of it. I mean, we have been absolutely focused to build an independent global asset management with a diverse range of investment capability to meet client needs. And I know that sounds so simple. But if you have to look underneath, and it's really the diversity of that flows, by region, by channel, by asset class, is really the fundamental strength. And where we have had -- we have some big holes to address. And we think we've really addressed them. And we think we're in a position that we're going to continue to do well through really almost any market cycle. Obviously, some are going to be more favorable than not. And I'd still say, when we get the more of an equity tailwind we are extremely well positioned for that.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's a good question. And I think you have to start by what is the asset class, right? So we feel we're in a position right now that we've highly competitive teams with real talent. And we, frankly, do look at capacity of teams. And if you have a high-performing team and there's limited capacity and somebody wants us to enter something below market, we're just not going to do it. And again, that you only get to that position by a strong investment performance and the like. And we're just really focused on total alignment with the clients. And it should be fair for both parties because mostly, if it's not, you get bad outcomes. And so, we just think we're just -- we're very systematic in how we think about pricing and capacity and the team's ability to manage money. And so, for example, they say we can't manage any more money. Then, we just stop. So you just really have to be quite focused. I think that's really the main theme that we would say.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. It's a good question. I think we continue to work very hard to sort of get the recognition in the United States. And I'd still say, depth, breadth of the organization relative to the performance is still not fully appreciated within the marketplace. And so, we continue to make all the efforts to do that. I think the reality, as we've talked in the past, is it's always frustratingly slow closing that gap. That said, and we're putting our heads down and taking through how best we can close that gap. And frankly, from the sustainability of our distribution positioning, I think it does -- it's the totality of it all, right? It has to start with breadth of capabilities are strongly, consistently performing and I think we've not shown that for any number of years. But you do have to have distribution excellence. And I'd say the quality of our distribution capabilities throughout the organization but in particular in the United States, is up quite dramatically. And we think we're strong as any competitor in the marketplace. How we think about it, how we serve our clients, the breadth of coverage, the value added to the marketplace and, again, I think the competition -- if you don't have the resources to compete on the distribution side, I think you are going to be relegated to a second tier status. As the years continue, it's just getting much more competitive as you know. But we think we're very well placed against that thought.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me -- I'll pick up on some of that, and then Loren can add. So I think overall theme, pretty much globally, real estate bank loans are -- there's a desire globally. But then, when you start to move into other regions, you can get more specific. On the continent there's an focus where we've seen some big strong mandate wins through our quantitative capabilities. Even things like Japanese equities are very mandated, so we're winning in the continent. And when you go that out to Asia, again, you get bank loans, real estate. But again, global equities is a topic there. Asian equities is a topic there. So it just becomes broader in different asset classes in the different regions. We talked about ABRA as another one that you're seeing institutionally continued to have interest. And probably, not far behind that right now, emerging interest in the GTR capability institutionally, specifically in the United States, in the U.K., and on the continent. And we would imagine probably, in time, in Asia, too. So it is just the broadening of the mandates around the world is a very important element of that.
Martin L. Flanagan: My point, Eric, is that the -- what I said was the large single-trigger asset pools, which tend to be institutional, which tend to move almost immediately. Those decisions have been made. The secondary point that I would say is, we're in a battle every single day with a broad range of competitors that have been in the market for decades that are strongly tenured high-performing money managers, highly resourced, and will continue to do that. And we do that very well. That's my point.
Martin L. Flanagan: No. [indiscernible] I don't think we can do that. No. That's not the experience we've had historically.
Martin L. Flanagan: Okay. Well, thank you very much, everybody. And thanks for the breadth of questions and the depth questions. And again, look, we think we had a very solid quarter. And we're looking for good things in the quarters and years to come. And thank you very much. We'll talk to you soon.
Loren M. Starr: And, Bill, just specifically in terms of the equity income. Other than the SJP announcement, it's been no different trend than what we've been seeing, generally pretty muted response. I mean, still outflow. But not anything that is sort of spiking up or doing anything different.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I think we're still sort of in that -- sort of roughly 60% incremental margin range that we've been. If markets are strong, it would be moving up probably to 65%, and perhaps higher. Submarkets, we've said sort of 55% to 60% was the right range for you to be thinking about. And we think 60% is probably a good place to focus.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. Absolutely, Ken. So -- of the performance fees, the $33.6 million, $27.6 million were related to the U.K., $13 million was specifically related to the Edinburgh Trust. And so, that was the part that I would say would not recur. There's about $20 million that is the rest of it. And $14 million of that came from, actually, a fund that Mark Barnett -- close to $14 million of that came from a fund that Mark Barnett himself manages. So it is, again, one of these things that, that performance to that other fund that showed up was very, very good and better than we had anticipated, and showed up as a performance fee that was not in our original forecast. So hopefully that's helpful.
Loren M. Starr: I mean -- so I think in terms about the thing on margin outlook, we talked about incremental margin, roughly 60%. So certainly, we expect to continue to grow organically. And we've been seeing good strong growth. Obviously, the reality is we do have an outflow that's known in the second quarter, $13 million -- billion that is going to take our average assets down. But the good news is, we're seeing offsets to that through growth in Europe and elsewhere. So for us, even though we've had some benefit of market, we're obviously balancing that against the known outflow. So we think the 60% incremental margin for this year target is probably a good place for analysts to put in their models.
Loren M. Starr: I mean, roughly, yes. I mean, obviously, things shift around a bit. But yes, I mean, the things that have been flowing strongly, or continue the strong -- strongly flow like bank loans, real estate, some of the Pan-European equity, some of the bond funds in Europe as well. So those are definitely still providing us the lift in April.
Loren M. Starr: Well, we had the one large redemption that Marty talked about, the single account, $3.5 billion low fee. That was an active mandate that was definitely a hit to the active...
Loren M. Starr: Yes. And I'd say, generally, the level of redemptions has moderated. So it's certainly been helpful.
Loren M. Starr: The level of redemption -- yes, I think sales have been stable and the biggest change has been just lower redemption rate.
Loren M. Starr: And so, Patrick, I think we arrived at that level already. We're seeing significant flows -- continued significant flows into our traditional PowerShares AUM. And so, in aggregate, we are sort of -- we came at exactly like $40 billion, at least $50 billion, probably $50 billion of AUM in our traditional PowerShares. And because the fee rate on those products are higher than the so-called term market cap-weighted type of index, which tends to be 10, 12 basis points, while we are in the 35 to 40 basis points average. We're absolutely at scale now. And the contributions are significant in terms of helping our margins expand as that asset base grows.
Loren M. Starr: I mean -- I think, obviously, it's growing faster, which is great. And it's achieving significant scale to that growth. The fee rates in Europe tend to be higher. And so, I'd say, generally, it's at the high end of that range. And because they tend to be, again, assets that are managed through existing teams, pretty good strong operating leverage. So I don't want to get into specifics in terms of saying where it is, but it certainly is operating at probably at the higher end of the range of operating leverage for us.
Loren M. Starr: I mean, certainly, the opportunities for us to purchase our shares at a what we will see is a discount because of people's reaction to current news is always attractive. I mean, generally, I'd say, our position around capital management is based on our policy or philosophy around capital which is, first, we're going to use our cash to feed our organic needs. Then we, obviously, are supporting an ongoing ever-increasing dividends. And what's left over is available for buybacks. And certainly, we're seen as we're growing more opportunity to return capital to shareholders. And that's, obviously, sort of seen in our dividend -- continued dividend growth. So I'd say, generally, our opportunity to continue to return capital, we think, is growing. We've not seen any real great opportunities nor do we have a strong strategic need to do acquisitions, which we've talked about. So that takes that off the table. And we certainly have locked in our debt levels by going out long. So we're not into any process to delever. So barring any other thing, any other initiatives, we're well positioned for more capital return. We still are working to achieve our goals to maintain sufficient cash on our balance sheet to give us ultimately what we're looking for to target financial flexibility. We've not quite achieved those levels yet. And again, I think the only thing in the backdrop is the continued discussion -- regulatory discussions around capital requirements for financial institutions and, specifically, asset managers is something that we're paying attention to as it might have some impact on our thinking around capital management.
Loren M. Starr: And one other thing I'll just mention is, I mean, obviously, we have great opportunity in Europe and in Asia Pac as well as in the U.S. But when you're large in a particular location, it's hard to grow organically consistently at a high level. But we're still, I would say, well positioned. The opportunity for us to grow outside the U.S. is enormous. And so, we think, in terms of our ability to grow really more quickly, it's probably more likely to happen outside the U.S. than in the U.S. And we have, obviously, have a great position there.
Loren M. Starr: So in terms of performance fees, I would say the step down will take place in the second quarter and third quarter relative to the first quarter because we don't have the U.K. trusts kicking in. But we've fairly been able to generate a reasonable amount of fees from bank loan products and real estate products and other products in Asia. So again, very hard to predict. But I do think sort of more in line with the $5 million level is probably more realistic. I mean, there's always the opportunity to do something bigger depending on if a particular fund kind of hits the target. And so, but those are difficult for me to ultimately predict. And so, I would just sort of suggest think about the $5 million level as sort of a general performance fee place holder for the next couple of quarters. And then, on other revenues, once again, I think probably we had a good quarter in other revenues. It may drift down a little bit into future quarters, but nothing material I think in terms of major changes there. And then, finally, on institutional flows and pipeline. I think we certainly have seen the SJP come and announce. That one's gone. Beyond that, the pipeline looks good. We see continued strong interest in our products, and our fee activity is high. So again, we feel pretty good, pretty confident that the institutional picture is going to improve. And certainly, we don't have any sort of large sort of Asia-esque kind of that particular outflow we talked about, the $3.5 billion. There's nothing like that on our future that we'll be worried about.
Loren M. Starr: So -- well, I'm happy to answer that. So it wasn't initiative. There isn't anything like that, that you should expect going forward. This is something we've been sort of planning, thinking about for some time. It really, as you can imagine, we have a lot of offices in many different countries. And our footprint is somewhat tied to actions taken 10 years ago when we might have put a lease in place. And ultimately, the firm continues to evolve and change. And one perfect example would be as we continue to leverage our Hyderabad office more, we're adding more space there, continue to grow that. And some of the other areas where we might have been doing some of the activity that we expect will be done in India is shifting too. So basically, this was a cleanup that allowed us to sort of align our "who's doing what, where" better. And so, a lot of the colors, so to speak, I mean, was around other shared service office where we had something in Dublin, for example. That was -- we vacated some of the space there. So we are using more space in Hyderabad.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. And again, I think if you -- I mean, fairly, even though it's low fee, it doesn't mean it's bad business. So I don't mean to indicate low fee is bad business and -- I mean, you can get scale in a particular account or a particular asset class. It very well may be the smart and economically correct thing to do to do that. We do look at that. We do have a discipline around that. So again, I think we do it pretty well.
Loren M. Starr: All right. So on the performance fees, I mean, the only thing I would say, I'll repeat. There's about $13 million in this quarter that's nonrecurring. I mean, it's probably going to go away. So of the $27.6 million, I would expect $13 million to not be there. And then, on comp base, it really varies from location to location and team to team. And so, I don't think it's a great sort of practice for us to sort of go in and talk about what the comp ratios are for each performance fee. So if it's okay, I'll probably just beg off on that one.
Loren M. Starr: So I would say you're largely correct on the institutional side, that pretty much everything big stuff is out. There maybe smaller, small-time kind of thing platforms but, again, marginally that was the big news. In terms of the retail side, we've been in outflow. And so, I think my point was more about we continued to be in outflow in April, but nothing has spiked off. There's been no reaction that's been sort of offered around any news particularly around the FCA announcements that we've seen so far.
Loren M. Starr: And the other thing -- I mean, we're also seeing some of alternatives like Commonwealth Transportation Fund. That's funded. So again, it's in the U.S. That's probably more of a U.S. focus thing. Stable value in the U.S. So could vary from location to location.
Loren M. Starr: No. The $44 billion was the end of Q1. As of April, you got to take the $13 billion out, right? So...
