Martin L. Flanagan: Thank you very much, and on behalf of Loren and myself, thank you for spending time with us today. If you're so inclined, you can follow the presentation which is on our website and I'll spend a few minutes reviewing the business results for the quarter, and Loren will go to more depth into the financials. And then today, we're going to talk about our competitive positioning in the context of industry trends and our key focus areas before we open it up for questions. So I'm on slide 5, if you happen to be following and here is going to be the highlights of our discussion today. During the second quarter, gross sales were up 32% from the same quarter a year ago, redemptions were up as well, however, which led to the outflows during the quarter. And I'll get into the details about the outflows in just a few minutes here. We completed two acquisitions during the quarter Guggenheim Investments' ETF business and Intelliflo, the number one technology platform for financial advisors in the UK which further strengthens our digital advice capability. We also continue to invest in growth drivers which are meaningfully strengthening our business and contributing to growth now and in the future. And Invesco is a highly differentiated investment management organization with numerous competitive advantages. And again in a few minutes, I will speak to that. On slide 5, you'll find a summary results for the second quarter. We continue to demonstrate strong long-term investment performance with 70% and 71% of actively managed assets in the top half of peers over three and five years. We achieved gross sales of $54 billion during the quarter, up 32% versus the second quarter of 2017 and gross redemptions were $62 billion driven by market dynamics which led to total long-term outflows of $8 billion during the quarter. Adjusted net operating income was $376 million for the quarter, up from $357 million in the prior quarter. The operating margin improved during the quarter, increasing to 38.7%, up from 37.3%. We returned $124 million to shareholders during the quarter through dividends. Our overall performance for the latest three and five year periods remained strong with areas of exceptional strength. When we look at our investment teams and the investment processes, the approach is to focus on generating outperformance over full market cycle. Where we are in this market cycle, it is impacting the relative performance of value-based equity investment approaches which is the expected. As you can see on slide 6, the outperformance of growth versus value stocks has expanded rapidly over the past 12 months, which is very typical at this stage of our market. This market dynamic places near-term pressure on fundamental active value based equities and in turn client demand for these capabilities and flows, which we are seeing in our value-based equity capabilities. Importantly, however, the current conditions have hampered the value based equity strategies in the short-term, but long-term investment performance as measured across the full market cycle remains solid. The depth, breadth and tenure for investment teams combined with the consistency of their investment philosophy and approaches give us a high degree of confidence that these capabilities will see significant and rapid improvements in performance when markets normalize. As mentioned earlier, gross flows were up 32% versus the second quarter of 2017. This is a near record for the organization. We saw continued strength in gross flows across retail and institutional as well as active and passive, all of which were meaningfully higher than the same period a year ago. During the quarter, demand for ETF capabilities was robust. More specifically we saw particular strength in our commodity ETFs, with nearly $400 million in flows for the quarter and year-to-date flows of $1.5 billion. We saw robust institutional activity with gross sales of 55% versus a year ago with broad based demand across a range of equity, alternative and fixed income capabilities. The higher level of redemptions relative to the prior year were largely driven by the growth versus value, market dynamic and our value equity products as well as a large sovereign wealth and sub-advised redemption that we highlighted in the prior quarter. We are highly confident the flow trend will improve assuming a more favorable market dynamics. I'm going to hand the call over to Loren, so he'll highlight the financial performance then I'll come back to highlighting the key differentiators that are creating a competitive advantage for Invesco.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, good point. So it's never been broader, right. So you're seeing it in equity and what equities would you imagine that's largely factored capabilities institutionally outside of the United States. Real estate continues to be a very high area, alternatives beyond that, bank loans and things such as GTR continues to be an area. The institutions are continuing to look at risk parity as an area. So again it continues to be very broader than it's ever been that we're seeing. And the point to look at is the gross flows, what did happen in this quarter and frankly what we are seeing. The one large redemption in this quarter, it was really driven – it was an equity capability with good performance. But you are seeing clients start to – some of them are worried with some of the equity exposure with some of the topics of trade around the world and the like – we're not seeing a ton of it, but that's an example of one or two of those and they can make a big difference in the quarter. And I think that's really the point. Looking from quarter-to-quarter is very difficult always has gone, but if you look at the history of growth for us institutionally over the last couple of years, it continues to just improve.
Martin L. Flanagan: So again we continue to look to 2019 for the beginning of a level of contribution that would start to be interesting. So we've not moved off that our confidence, it just continues to strengthen along that. Quite frankly, I don't have the number of AUA of the institutions, but it would be – frankly, I just don't have it right now. So but it's a large number and an impressive number and that's what gives us confidence that you will see the success in 2019, right.
Martin L. Flanagan: We are in process of adding some financial institutions and again we're in the contracting period, so there's nothing we can say, but when we're through it, you'll hear about it.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's a fascinating point of view. So I put in the context if we've had net inflows for nine years. And I'd say very few firms have done that. And I think what it does show is that the fact is clients do have different demands during different parts of the cycle. And as they see risk on, risk off, they build their portfolios accordingly and it is no different now. And what you're seeing with this value versus growth, you see where all the flows are going throughout the industry at a retail level because you can get clear line of sight. It is a dominant flow picture there, in particular within ETFs. And so I wouldn't call it a boom and bust cycle. I think it's driven by client demands. This current period might be most extreme because of where the market is though. I mean last time you saw something like this not at the exact level but would be the 1999-2000 period.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. Now you just – you hit it right, I mean it's we are in the advice channel. So it's literally driven by investor – the large – where it starts really is fall offs in demand and that's what in terms of to drive up the net outflows because of that. And so there's – it's really a demand topic right now.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, glad you're asking if it's not understood. So I'll try again. So, it's really the magnitude of the change in the concentration, right. So if you look year-to-date, the amount of money going into momentum based growth products is enormous. If you want to use ETF as a proxy, whether it'd be cap weighted or even in smart beta, the vast majority of the money is going into a very few number of funds that are momentum based. So this extreme period, from that perspective, I'm not making any judgments about the merits of it, but that's what you're seeing and what we've had over the last number of years is great success on the value based capabilities. That's been the driver of flows for us in the U.S. retail channel, in particular when the demand for those comes off and you see such a magnitude of change of relative performance. That's when – and so literally it happened this year. I mean that's when you saw the change in flows, that's how quickly the sentiment changed from an investor point of view. And I think that's really the point that I'm trying to highlight, not that in fact we saw this. We all have been in the industry a long time, you know this is a natural thing that happens, but it's actually the magnitude of it right now in particular this year and how changed investor – retail investor sentiment in particular.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's the point I have been trying to make, so thank you I'll try to clarify. There is a high degree of confidence that the investments that we've been making and the strengthening of the business whether it'd be institutional and you can start to see the institutional capabilities that China is meaningful for us, the pace of change and our strengthening there is very, very strong. But then the same thing with these – the ETF platforms, we are now just getting through building up the range of capabilities that we want. Post acquisitions always it takes time to get capabilities on platforms that's where we're going through with Guggenheim right now. It takes months and quarters, not the day you've closed, doesn't mean you're on the platform. Those conversations are all going really very, very well. Literally in any range of model conversations with various platforms, so that's why our confidence is so high and you're going to start to see again whether it'd be Jemstep or Intelliflo start to have the impact to the organization next year. So I think the question that you're asking, let's assume that the market stays – the market dynamic stays where it is. Do we anticipate the likelihood of us generating flows beyond these redemptions we do. It's more likely in 2019 than it is this year because hard to call the market and we're not going to call the market, so we're going to anticipate that it plays out for another two, three quarters before you get some change there.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So Bill, it's not going to be any one thing, but it's literally going to be a combination of areas that we've been talking about, right. So we're continuing to see growth in strength and alternatives. We're continuing to see growth in factor capabilities and I put ETFs in that bucket, but it goes beyond that. You're seeing institutional clients outside of the United States look at that as a growth area. And then frankly when these digital platforms start to kick into, they're differentiated in the marketplace and it's really the breadth of those capabilities that will get there. And again I think you would have – markets are what they are. And again as I said before, if you ask me in December, if you would have seen the magnitude of growth versus value trade going on, I would not have seen it and if it hadn't – if it just stayed status quo our – we would be through that organic growth targets that we talked about.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. And so it's not limited to retail. Every conversation that I'm in institutional clients around the world, they're doing the same thing, they're narrowing the relationships. They want more from their money managers and not just the range of capabilities which is, I call it table stakes, a range of strong performing capabilities of our market cycles. But these elements have to be able to get into a solutions conversation with them, help them do analytical work, help them through any number of things, how do you think through factors, how to use factors, about leadership, the ESG, whatever it might be. There aren't a lot of firms that have that depth and breadth of capability in a range to do that. When you go to the retail channel, it's clear that everybody here understands the U.S. market very well. You are seeing that narrowing of those platforms and again that same dynamic is happening and it's beyond thinking of just a single product on a platform. Yes, that is the majority of what it is today, but more and more can you help more holistically with these platforms from a standpoint of helping build models, participate in building models, helping the successive factors in the retail channel is intellectually accepted, the magnitude of it is nowhere most of us think it's going to go. So the demand has to be created, the demand is going to be created through education. So do you have capabilities to help educate hand-in-hand with some of these platforms, again very few firms can do that. So those are the types of things that are creating real competitive advantages for the firms that have that, the breadth of those capabilities and the resources to compete in that way and that's very different than what it was five years ago.
Martin L. Flanagan: No question about it, right. And again what we are doing – and again you'll hear other firms talk about it, but what we are doing with digital capability is around marketing and education at a level that we've never done before. And that is the future and is pivoting from surpassed practices and past capabilities to the future. And it is being accepted in a very strong manner.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. It has again very, very focused on where we think in the retail institutional world, it is literally completing the build out of what we think is meaningful and desired by end clients both retail and institutional with factors and that's what you saw with this factor launch, you'll see probably a couple more of them probably ending in the first quarter of next year, that would be the end of probably what we think is the build out, it is on the back of Guggenheim and source and we think having the totality is important. And again, don't think if this just as ETFs by themselves, they are important part of our solutions capability and the models that we build for clients or helping institutions as they look to embed factors more broadly and some of their thinking in their portfolios.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So within our alternative business – it is an area that we have some capability, it is not nearly as broad or deep as some of the big PE type firms. But again, I think the range of our alternative capabilities is strong and you've seen the success over the years.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. From my perspective, the acquisitions that we made over the last couple of years are from our perspective meaningful and important for the success of the organization going forward and meeting client demands. It is hard to predict the future. I don't see – generally you don't see the opportunities until they present themselves, right. So there's nothing obvious at the moment, but again we will continue to do what we've done in the past and stay to our capital priorities as we have said. But if there's something that comes along that we think will materially improve the competitive position in the firm we would clearly pay attention to it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Hard to predict quite frankly, because if you looked at the breadth of the firm right now, we think we have very competitive set, right now, you just don't know what the opportunities emerge. So I really wouldn't want to lock ourselves into a box, that has been the priority over the last couple of years and we think it's been very helpful.
Martin L. Flanagan: Why don't I pick up on Brexit, and then Loren can follow up on the other. So look where it stands right now, the vast majority of the money managers are benefiting from sort of this validation model that is the case for us, and it would not materially change our business model, we'd end up with some more people on the continent, but not to a dramatic amount. And that seems to be the state of play as we move forward. So it's not nearly as challenging as it is for some of the investment banks with the pass-porting topics.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, very good question. So the UK market has changed so dramatically post some of the regulations and what you saw happening was the IFAs were starting to move to platforms to help with some of their investment decisions on funds that they were using and due diligence and the like. And so the center of gravity became these platforms. Intelliflo became obviously a very important one with 35% of the market share. It is an open platform, it will remain an open platform. That said, it is an opportunity for us to work with Intelliflo and create models through solutions and the like that would benefit the existing IFAs on the market and where a number of things right now. So it is very different, but it's a different market place, where we see the benefit coming together in time with Jemstep and Intelliflo is not just in some of the technologies but it'd be a combination of some of the platform benefits along with the frontend that we think will enhance our offerings in both our markets over time and we'll also look to some other markets around the world as we look forward here.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. It's a really good question. So what I can say generally is – and this'd be around the world, globally what we are seeing the finals that we are in and through quite a broad range of capabilities. The size of the mandates are dramatically larger than they have been over the past number of years. That's a very good sign that's going to continue. And within the pipeline, as Loren said and it continues to grow, it continues to broaden and continues to strengthen. We also try our best to determine what the redemptions are by doing all the things that you would hope, client engagements, the feedback they would have, how the performance is, all those things that you would think be normal factors and decision making. We don't do a good job in forecasting redemptions institutionally, more often than not or I think there's not – you'll get an immediate termination and it can be a corporate event, it can be an asset allocation decision, but just had at a pension meeting. So it is really hard to do it and we continue to try to get better at it. But it makes it hard for these conversations from a credibility point of view when you look at the one-offs that happened and clients are entitled to make those decisions and they do and they frankly should. So again, we try to do a better job, we'll continue to try to do a better job of it. It's very hard to get real insight into it. But what we do have a much better sense is the growing magnitude of the size of the institutional accounts and the breadth of them.
Martin L. Flanagan: There are actually two different things. So let me follow up, I see where it's going. So look, the whole firm, the sales force is changing how we're facing off with clients. It is not selling a product, it is a deep product relationship with the client trying to understand what they're trying to accomplish and meet their needs in a broad way, that is really what's going on. And compensation has changed to follow that approach as opposed to being sort of product specific to the total relationship of a client. So that's probably not unique to us, but anybody that has a broad range of capabilities or solutions capabilities is likely doing that. It still doesn't mean that you're going to get the insights into individual decisions that can happen.
Martin L. Flanagan: Hard to address, because I disagree with it. So again it's back to the conversation that we've been having. So we do have in our equity capabilities a large value bias, and they have grown in size over the last number of years because of the very good performance. It's relatively underperforming where we are in the marketplace, and that has – when you look at the macro numbers, it paints the overall macro numbers. There's still very, very strong performance throughout the organization. So that's the best that I can do with that if you want to play back the tape 12 to 18 months ago, the numbers are very, very different and you wouldn't be even have asked the question.
Martin L. Flanagan: It depends on the peer group too. So if you look at within our – if you look at our growth capabilities, international growth capabilities, there's a value bias to it. So it will look like it's relatively underperforming those firms that are momentum growth investors. So if you want to say that that's a same style you can draw that conclusion. That is a shortfall of trying to simplify something by style boxes as an industry that's what we do. But when you look at the individual mandates, that's not how clients are investing or individual investors are investing through IFAs or financial advisors. That's really where the problem is. And if you compare our diversified dividend capability which is a value capability against comp stock which is a very deep value capability, people are making very different decisions about that. Those are in broad strokes value capabilities, that's where the flaws come in.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So – new license, everybody does a lot of thinking about these things. Look the way that we've been building a firm the way that we've built the firm and how we continue to evolve, we think is addressing that very, very directly. And we think broad breadth of the investment capabilities, is in a stable phase. They need to be able to perform over market cycles, that's not enough. You literally have to have a solutions capability to interface with these clients as all whether it'd be a retail platform or institutional platform is narrowing. What you also need under those things in our view is and you can see by we believe technology is an enabler not just operationally but very much for meeting client needs, that's why we're building those platforms. And we also believe that you do need scale to generate – to be competitive in this marketplace. If you ask me up at the level of scale you needed five years ago, I would not have thought that that was such a hugely important factor for success going forward. It is because of the demands on money managers going forward to do more than just manage money for clients and not just invest in investment capabilities but also in operational capabilities largely around technology. So scale becomes really an important factor as you look to success going forward, so if you make these investments going and we've all been talking about.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, so we probably – so there's been a build-up over the last two plus years. We have north of by 45 professionals in the solutions group differently than a number of our competitors. What they use is our range of capabilities, all right. So it is using our capabilities to meet client needs. Solutions probably gets over used because it's expressed in different ways. So we actually use it in the retail channel. It's started in the U.S. retail channel for us, working with if you want to call it corner offices and working with financial advisors, analyzing their portfolios, helping them determine how best to change their asset allocations to meet the needs that they want. So solutions by the name itself suggest that we take all the assets and manage them all, it's a misnomer. So that's what's happening at a retail level. Institutionally, it's somewhat of the same engagement where very sophisticated clients are working with firms like us and our solutions team to do analytics and looking at their portfolios to see how they might make changes to meet different outcomes they want to. These are sophisticated institutions. They have resources and capabilities. They're wanting to get different perspectives in making their decisions. That's what's different. So many of these interactions are not leading to taking over the totality of the assets, but broadening our relationship with them and expanding the number of mandates we might have with them from a pure solutions assets under management.
Martin L. Flanagan: Great. Thank you very much for joining Loren and I and we'll be in contact next quarter and before that in various conversations. Thank you.
Loren M. Starr: And the other thing, Dan, I would just mention is the pipeline of opportunities is at an all-time high in terms of fee rate, it's about 65 basis points across the entire pipeline which is well in excess of our overall fee rate. And the terminating pipeline, so to speak is at 24 basis points. So again when you look at it on a revenue adjusted basis even though the headlines are kind of large, really from a revenue perspective, we should feel and we do feel very optimistic about what the pipeline is bringing to us. And again the predominance that you said is broad based which it is, but there's a significant growth in alternatives which tend to be have a higher fee rate as well.
Loren M. Starr: So the $6 billion is – think of it as a new flow at 100%. We would be consolidating 100% of the AUM inflows going forward, which is, right now, the joint venture is about $22 billion in size. So there'd be another $11 billion showing up in our assets under management. Obviously, the money market is more at the institutional rate, but there is opportunity to do more than just money market on the Ant Financial platform which is at significantly higher rates obviously for active products, you're sort of closer to 75 to 100 basis points in that range. So it is something that it's a little hard to model right now because it's very much in flux. The immediate kind of opportunity is probably at the lower money market fee.
Loren M. Starr: So Ken that was a fairly small asset base that got adjusted, so it was not material to any real – revenue impact. The reason that was done is because there was a discrepancy between similar products in the U.S. and Canada. And so they needed to bring that more in alignment because there was – we were creating sort of an unhealthy arbitrage opportunity that just need to be closed. So that was all it was pure and simple.
Loren M. Starr: So there is no sort of planned and other than kind of just making sure our product line up that makes sense.
Loren M. Starr: And so just I mean I think in terms of overall magnitude, I mean again I think it needs to put in context, the biggest outflow in the quarter was the sovereign wealth outflow that we preannounced by far and away. U.S. value we've talked about it, it's as a category within the industry in outflow. It's certainly been a very difficult challenging market for that category. And so we're seeing about $2 billion just generally of outflow across value which is again is somewhat consistent with overall industry trend. Our UK equities which is again sort of a value oriented category is about $1.3 billion related to that category. International growth is about $1 billion and then there is an element which we've talked about in the past related to our REIT product in Japan which is a retail product, Yuexiu Reit and that was about $1 billion. So when you put that all together, I mean you really explain largely what is going on the outflow in the quarter.
Loren M. Starr: I think we see the stock has been extremely attractive. We are clearly focused on reinstating our buyback program, which I think we've discussed would be in the fourth quarter. We are also trying to preserve our current credit rating and it is something where we have – we will view that if we were to sort of accelerate the buyback sooner than, before we get the leverage back in line that we would be attempting a downgrade which takes a long time to actually come back from. So we do understand the topic, but the time value here, we're talking about a couple of quarters at most before we can sort of crank up the buyback machine again.
Loren M. Starr: The two, one was direct real estate and the other was similar sovereign wealth outflow that we've talked about before, so similar topics.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. So revenues, there's day count noise within that, and so it kind of goes up and it goes down depending on day count. I think the probably somewhere between 40 basis points and 39.5 basis points is very safe in that range over the last half of the year. I do think as we get into 2019 where we continue to see some of the lower price product and our success in our ETF business expands, you're probably looking at sort of down to 39 basis points. Again, but importantly, and again it's an easy point to overlook, this is not because of fee cuts, this is because of the mix of our products and as we gain scale in these lower fee products, we're actually seeing incredibly attractive incremental margins. And so, we don't see anything wrong with the fee rates dropping as long as we're building scale in these products. And our margin on those products are at a higher rate than the firms overall, which is the case. So anyway, that would be our sort of updated guidance around fee rate, net revenue yield, excluding performance.
Loren M. Starr: Because it's active-equity and it's well-performing. I mean it's probably more in line with the firm's overall fee rate, which is unfortunate in terms of the impact. And the real estate – direct real estate is probably also at a similar fee rate.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. So I think our guidance sort of largely stays intact. We've been maintaining good vigilance on our expenses and comp as part of that. Some of that is, I think just flexing down, the normal flexing down of incentives, sort of incentives in relationships to operating income, but we would say guidance that we gave earlier stays intact.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. So that was related to our J-REIT launch in Asia which had significant amount of transaction fees associated with it. So it was related to a fund launch.
Loren M. Starr: Absolutely. And we're making progress. We're in mid implementation on some of the outsourcing and we're getting some of the benefits which again is allowing us to maintain expenses and guidance sort of roughly where we had them even despite some of these acquisitions that we've done. So we're feeling good about our optimization efforts and certainly would expect to see them continue on through into 2019.
Loren M. Starr: The other way to think about it, Bill, if you look at our current assets under management, I mean you could highlight that there's at least a third of our assets that are sort of growing at a high-single-digit double-digit rate in terms of ETFs, factors solutions digital. We talked about which are yet to come. If you really just do the math around taking that part relative to the rest of our core business which maybe growing at a more flattish, lower single-digit rate. You really get to that 3% to 5% quite quickly just in the handful of years as long as you can sustain the build out and the growth on these high growth areas which is clearly what we're talking about, what we're focused on.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. So again we're speaking to the non-GAAP financials which are probably more relevant. 20.6% was the effective tax rate which was steady to the first quarter and is consistent with our guidance going forward. So I'd use that as the non-GAAP tax rate, in terms of the U.S. GAAP tax rate that can move around quite a bit depending on the different products that we have to consolidate, so I find that number a little bit more difficult to provide guidance on that.
Loren M. Starr: I would say, Alex, I mean put our plan, our current thinking is, yes, we'd be back into payout in terms of probably not at a 100%, but typically we've been sort of in that 70% to 80% range, because we do feed a fair amount of our new product launches and so there continues to be a pipeline of sort of organic needs around some of that capital, but we're certainly in terms of the thinking. We'd be back into buyback mode by the end of this quarter or end of fourth quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. So it wasn't a material acquisition relative to let's say Guggenheim. So we've not disclosed the nature of the magnitude of the transaction and that's really pretty consistent with our past practices. It's not going to be material to revenues and expenses being all impacted this year at least.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. Great question. So I mean the pipeline really goes out six months, nine months, since it's not all the way into 2019 typically they get funded. And so the 2019 commentary is a little bit uninformed in terms of what the pipeline is going to look like at the end of the year, so the guidance that I'm giving you taken with a grain of salt. It's not based on a ton of information other than sort of general trends of mix of where we see the growth and largely around ETFs in particular, and then to some extent money market as well. So I would say we could do better than that, it's quite possible. But we kind of think that all absent any other information, that's probably the right place to guide people.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. Chris, I'd say the one thing that's probably self-evident though. We don't offer today currently as much growth, pure growth and momentum oriented products as others do. And I'd say that is right now showing up as a business challenge, because that's what selling as Marty said. And so you could certainly falter if you wanted to that we don't add as much of a balance in our mix of product to cover the kind of extreme environment that we're in today, because we do have a probably a higher concentration in value oriented products particularly in the U.S. than maybe others do.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. I mean if you aggregate kind of that multi-asset and all those things I mean we're talking about $60 billion within that range. But again I think the biggest opportunity may be right now in terms of being an enabler ...
Loren M. Starr: ... for our retail institutional business as opposed to if your standalone business that is creating solutions or doing LDI or something of that nature.
