Allison Dukes: Sure. Good morning, Brian. Let me take the first one. So on the transformational projects, I'm not ready to provide any further estimates on what that could do in terms of lower expenses. The way I would think about it, and I wouldn't even say not ready, I'm not sure it's just the right way to think about why we would be doing it. A lot of this is to avoid, I would say future costs and it's also to create scalability. So some of the things we're doing in these enterprise systems, with our financial systems, with our human capital systems, moving our data into the cloud, it will reduce tech debt over the future. It will also give us the opportunity to scale as we just moved more data into the cloud and just have a more nimble infrastructure and continue to globalize the corporate functions that support our large operation.  We've talked about Alpha NextGen in the past, and we'll talk about it a whole lot more I'm sure in the future. Those are some early foundational investments that we're making in the middle and back office that will streamline and harmonize our operations and create efficiencies over time, but not necessarily from a P&L perspective that you'll see just yet. And there's quite a bit of investment that's going in along the way. On the comp-to-revenue side, our range is typically 38% to 42% on a full year, and we really don't look at it quarter-to-quarter. The quarter-to-quarter fluctuations are always there just as revenue fluctuates, but also as you have seasonality and things like payroll taxes and FICA. So we really look at it and manage to a full year basis, we're on an annual comp cycle and year-to-date, through the third quarter we were at about 40%. So as we think about what the full year look like, I'd say it'll be on the higher end of that range, not the lower end. And as we noted last year, full year 2021, we were closer to 38%.
Allison Dukes: It's a great question and it's a hard one to answer exactly and certainly not going to give firm expense guidance just yet. We are deep in the budgeting season. But let's just talk maybe, generally about how we think about the expense base and what we can manage and what we can't manage. There is some variability in our expenses. As you know, we've always guided to that about a third of our expenses are variable. It's -- you see it primarily on the compensation side, you're certainly seeing that this year. I think I'd point to a couple of things. One, despite this really challenging environment, we are managing to keep expenses kind of flat to down on most line items relative to last year. And that's because we are continuing to invest in a lot of these growth areas that we don't think it makes sense to pause on. It just simply wouldn't be good business for us to pause on key foundational transformational projects that really puts the firm in a position to grow and to scale and to be where we need to be to support our clients. So as I think about how stubborn or not our expenses, I think a couple of things, I'd reiterate the comments I made around discretionary expenses. There are elements of discretionary expenses that we're looking at very rigorously. We're being very thoughtful about hiring. We're really focused on our key growth areas and managing our hiring against that. You've seen us, I think, do some pretty good work on facilities and some of the fixed costs that we have that we think we can continue to unlock and reallocate into areas of more transformational growth. And we'll continue to make progress against some of those areas as well. I don't feel like these investments hamstring our ability. I really don't. I think it actually puts us in a position to scale and recover faster when markets do turn and they will.
Allison Dukes: Sure, thanks, Brennan, those are good questions. Let me say on the fee rate one, as you know, we really don't manage the fee rate. And then the net revenue yield in particular is just an output of a whole lot of different factors. And so maybe thinking about what drove the net revenue yield declines in the quarter and then extrapolating that to what could that mean for the future. The biggest pressure on that revenue yield is the declining equity markets, and in particular, the declines in emerging markets and developing markets, global equities, emerging markets, they are a meaningful part of our portfolio. And so the market declines in those particular asset classes further exacerbate the pressure on our fee rate. You also seek to see asset mix shift and the demand that we experienced for money markets and the risk-off exposure. So while we've benefited on one side of the ledger from the growth and some of those risk-off exposures, certainly we've got real pressure and the asset mix shift at the same time. You also saw a decrease in the other revenue from those in the other revenue line item. And I'll get to that in a second that you asked about. And so those are all the sort of the downward pressures, what could that mean for the future? I mean, I think, look, there are a few things going on. One, the ending assets under management was quite a bit lower about $95 billion lower than the average AUM for the quarter. So it's going to continue to put pressure on revenue, which will put pressure on just the overall fee rate yield that comes out of that. If we expect to continue growth and passive, which we do, they come at lower fees. And at the moment, given the geopolitical tensions, I would expect continued pressure and some of those emerging markets developing markets categories as well. So this does put pressure on the overall yield there. All that is dependent upon where assets were at 930. And of course, all that subject to change as the markets do what the markets will do over the balance of this quarter. Other revenue, as you noted, that was about $9 million lower than the prior quarter. And that was really due to lower transaction fees, in particular in global real estate and some front end mutual fund fees. So it's a function of activity levels. I don't think it's a new normal necessarily, but if you think about just the activity levels, and just really the pretty outstanding volatility we experienced inside of the third quarter and it did put pressure on that category, and that will recover as activity levels recover.
Allison Dukes: Let me start with the first one around, where should we see the most scalability. And I think you're right, it would be the G&A and tech line items. But I'd also point to marketing; marketing is a pretty scalable line item as well. And one that, it's also a little bit, you can pull back on some of the discretionary expenses and marketing, but we're not going to pull back on travel and being in front of our clients at precisely the time when they need to see us and we need to be in front of them. And we need to be actively talking to them. And so I do think is, is I think about what that looks like on the upside. It doesn't budge quite as much on the way up, and there's some benefits there as well. In terms of and maybe I'll let Marty chime in on sort of relative to the past, since mine is only a couple of years back. But I would say in terms of the expenses, where the investments we're making and some of these technology projects doesn't give us even more scalability. I think perhaps, it's really necessary to think about where the firm's been and where we've come from. We closed the Oppenheimer acquisition just on the eve of COVID. And so you started to see, you saw a material increase in the size of the firm, just on the eve of what has now been a few rather volatile, challenging years. But what we are doing in terms of just further integrating all the various aspects of the firm and creating a unified system and platform across many different parts of the overall enterprise framework, all of this will allow us to just grow and scale from here, I think in a more seamless fashion because you just don't have the redundancy and systems that are very difficult when the data is not in the cloud. And so it gives us flexibility to adjust our platform and to serve our clients in ways that would have just been much more difficult. Said differently, without doing this we'd be spending a whole lot more to make any nimble shifts in the environment.
Allison Dukes: I will say, I do think part of what we experienced there, you did see clients looking to meet some of these obligations. And so they were liquidating some of their positions and we were on the receiving end of some of that. So we didn't -- we didn't see nothing there in terms of the overall impact, and that's just kind of part of the overall, I'd say market stress and volatility we've been managing through.
Allison Dukes: Hard to quantify that exactly. I mean, yes, just to reiterate, we saw about $2.1 billion in inflows into our China JV. And of that about $1.8 billion came from new product launches. Those were mostly in fixed income asset classes, which -- it makes sense in this environment. We do tend to see a lot of fixed income and balanced interest less so equity at the moment, though historically, we certainly benefited from some of the equity funds that have been launched in more risk-on environment. That is -- it is just a function of a dynamic of that market. Hard to point to a backlog, but I guess I would say it differently and say this is kind of the way that market functions. And I don't expect that to change in the near term. I do think the overall $2.1 billion just really, again, speaks to the resiliency of that market. And the fact that we invested quite early ahead of many of our competitors in that market, and we're really well positioned to capture some of the flows there in both challenging markets and better markets. This has certainly been a more challenging year for China, though.
Allison Dukes: I would just chime in on that. I would say there's nothing about our balance sheet or our share price that's changing our focus. Our focus continues to be that the greatest investment we have is to continue to grow organically and invest in ourselves. We've got a really strong, well-diversified platform today. I think you see the benefits of that. You really -- you saw it in these last few quarters where our flows continue to outperform the broader peer set. We continue to have real pockets of strength, pockets of resiliency and it's a testament to the diversified platform that we have. And so as we think about the opportunities we have from here, we see an opportunity to continue to invest in ourselves and grow these capabilities in a much more efficient, shareholder-friendly way than anything we could ever do inorganically. And at the same time, we are making progress on the balance sheet, and we are returning capital to shareholders. I think we've made really significant progress on the balance sheet over the last year. Certainly, over the last two years, you saw it even in this quarter as we grow cash and continue to manage debt levels down with every sort of opportunity we have. And at the same time, we're returning capital to shareholders and have done so pretty thoughtfully over the course of this year despite the challenging environment. So yes, we're more constrained than we would like to be given a really challenging industry backdrop, but the diversified platform and the opportunities we have to continue to invest in ourselves and grow some of these key growth capability areas. We're pretty bullish on the opportunities we have within our own portfolio.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Thanks Mike. So in terms of the debt from here, you're correct, the next maturity is at the very beginning of 2024. In terms of how are we thinking about it look, now it's a pretty attractive slug of capital just given where rates are moving. We certainly always have the opportunity to redeem something early. You saw us do that with the ‘22s earlier this year. Not sure what we'll do just yet, but we're always thinking about what that could look like in the trade-off as we continue to grow cash. We have made substantial progress against our debt this year. And so now we're in a position where we're rebuilding cash. You saw cash grow by $100 million with the revolver pay down at the same time this quarter. And so as I think about it, more than anything, I'd say we're thinking about it from a net leverage standpoint at the moment as we work to build cash, particularly in a volatile environment. As we think about returning capital to shareholders, first and foremost, we're committed to our common dividend and a steady increase in that common dividend, and we start there. And then we think about excess capital as the form of returning capital to shareholders in terms of share repurchases. So should we get to a point where we make the balance sheet progress we want to make, and we've got excess cash, then we can think about share repurchases. And we think about that sort of year-to-year. And certainly, it's a difficult environment to be thinking about it. And at the moment, as we are looking to continue to make progress against the balance sheet and make sure we weather a rather volatile market environment, but we will return to that at some point.
Allison Dukes: So it was both real estate but also front-end mutual fund fees. So it was really kind of transaction volume driven is the way to think about it. No, I don't necessarily think I guess what I would say is, it's transaction volume driven. It doesn't necessarily mean that it continues to decline from here. I don't think we're setting some new level, very volatile quarter, given the risk-off environment that we've been in, it obviously impacted market levels, but also activity levels and transaction levels, as you saw, it was pretty holistically challenging. So really just a function of the quarter we're in, not necessarily a harbinger of where we will be from here.
Allison Dukes: Very hard to say. It really is a function of where the market will be and the mix of jurisdictions and where our operating -- rare income will be across those jurisdictions. We do expect -- we said in the fourth quarter for it to be 26% to 28%, I can't say just yet as to whether or not that's where it will be in 2023. It's possible it could be a little bit lower, but it's very much dependent on whether or not we start to see a market recovery. In particular, you see a real impact on our non-operating losses, which were our non-operating gains. Those are booked in some lower tax jurisdictions. And so when there are gains, it's quite beneficial to us at a lower tax rate. But when there are losses, we don't get the benefit of those losses. And so just hard to predict, but we'll give more guidance on the first quarter when we get to January.
Marty Flanagan: It's a great question. Look, where rates are going, you've seen what's happened, everybody's shortened, gone, very conservative. You are -- you've not seen that move yet, but the conversations are brought in very, very much looking at the full spectrum of a fixed income with a race where they are making fixed income, longer data capabilities much more attractive. That's on the institutional side. As you know, institutions tend to be much less volatile, but they will make tactical allocations accordingly. On the retail side, again, I'd say it's too early. But all indications are -- it's - I would anticipate a broader range of investments into fixed income because of where the yields are moving.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, Brennan, Allison is exactly we are looking at everything you would imagine and hopefully would do and is responsible for us to do it. And as you say in the short-term, the - more discretionary things you can make some progress. It's not going to change anybody's lives, but it's exactly the very responsible thing to do and we're just very focused on building scale within the organization. And that snapback will be very, very strong. And again, I would point you to what we've done historically, and if we continue to be very focused on putting the firm in a position of great success.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, you're exactly right. I think we're uniquely positioned here. Right. So with the range of capabilities that we have there's no discussion unless you start there. And but secondly, just the capabilities on the distribution side, things like investment consulting in the field, working with financial consultants, all the financial advisors in the marketplace already, the conversations are positioning for when you get back in the market, whether it be equities or fixed income. And those are real conversations. I'm sure it's happening everywhere. But we have the ability with the capabilities we have and also the coverage we have in the market, but also with the marketing digital capabilities we’re informed in the engagements that we have. So from my perspective, you don't want to turn into one quarter, two quarters, I don't think you're that far out, you're probably closer to the bottom than the top. And with that, you'll get reallocation into a broader range of capabilities.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, so real estate continues to be a very dominant asset class for us, and also, parts of within credit bank loans CLOs, about more challenging in the short term, where people are nervous about recession and impact on credit. But that said, there are two areas where opposition continually seek growth, and it's an area of future focus very much. The other very specific area that we've been talking about is getting some alternative capabilities into wealth management channels. We continue to be very focused on that. And from my perspective, 2023 should be the year when we start to see greater traction in leading the way, and there'll be something behind that on the debt side. So that is another area of absolute focus for us as an organization.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, let me add. So if you look at not too long ago when our profit margin was over 40% Is that a cap? The answer's no. So if we had the same local assets under management when we complete this work we will be north of that operating margin. So and how does that happen and this might be too much information, but literally application rationalization that is happening pretty holistically because of a new set of technologies that really didn't exist in the past that can allow that to happen. Also just going looking at, what clients are looking for in front to back the breadth of capabilities, if it's inconsistent with where client demand is, we're looking from sort of all front to back, support structures around that. That's where you get the scalability. And those are the efforts that we're on right now. And it's hard to explain in a simple line item, because they're holistic and how we look at things. So that has been scalability within our capabilities to the client demand is really the headline. And there's a lot of detail underneath it.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So the good news is we did not have any LDI exposure. So that will be an impact. I do think post -- call this event, it will definitely open up opportunities for other managers and capabilities like we have now. Is that next quarter? Likely not. But when you look through next year, I suspect there's going to be some real opportunities.
Marty Flanagan: Actually, that's a good point. So it's analogous to when there's pressure on money funds or in the financial crisis, if you had a very liquid money fund portfolio, you became a source of funds. And that's a little bit what happened with some of these LDI situations.
Marty Flanagan: I'll make a couple of comments, and Allison can chime in. So it's a broad suite of capabilities, and it's really highly performing across the fixed item team. So that's really good news. And it's not all is available in retail and institutional simply because of demand within that marketplace. So -- we have the long-term record stability of team and demand coming. So we look at it as just a real opportunity for us over the next few quarters.
Marty Flanagan: Not every single asset -- fixed income asset class is not a scale, which we've talked about. So direct lending is not at scale, some of the distressed credits not at scale. So -- we have a number of them at scale with performance backers and talented managers.
Marty Flanagan: Bill, it's a great question. And the reality is every client is different. So -- but what I would say just as a general comment, if you look in wealth management platforms, in particular, cash levels and you'll notice and everybody on the phone to this cash levels are very, very high. And I think allocations in equities and fixed income, the first quarter call is going to be cash levels. I can't speak for how the other movements would happen, just again, as every individual and every institution is very different than their profile. But I'd start with very high cash levels as a funding source.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. It's a really good question, Bill. And it is a different market than the United States and just a couple of comments. It's extremely competitive. And performance matters. There's a lot of alpha there. So the vast majority of all the capabilities in the marketplace are active, whether it be equity or fixed income, balanced products there also. But it has profile of fund launches, which is not atypical, Korea was the same way for a good period of time. I think it will mature to on-going investments into the products in the marketplace, but that that's going to come with time. And just the sheer size of the market, you're going to realize at some point, they're going to be very, very, very big portfolios. And I'd imagine starting to move away from product launches as the primary element of raising assets under management but that's probably 2, 3, 4 years before it starts to happen.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Good question. The story has not changed. Every next dollar is reinvestment back in the company right now. And if you look at what we've just talked about today, the key capabilities that we highlight, we see great opportunities very much in those areas, and that is where our focus is. We don't see a whole lot of gaps in our capabilities back to the conversation Dan had mentioned are we at scale in all the areas that we want to be now. And if we don't have the capability, and we don't think it would take too long for us to build it, that's when we would go to the market. So our view would be consistent of -- it has to be strategic, it has to be something client demand. It has to be something that's complementary, little overlap with the organization, financials have to work and this got to be cultural alignment. So that's just not change. This is how we think about it. That might lead you to more bolt-on acquisitions in sort of the alternative space. But right now, I don't see a whole lot moving as best we can tell public market prices versus the view of a seller are not aligned right now. So -- but it's not a focus. It's the focus on the organization.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Great. Thank you. So the in-REIT capability right now, it's about $1.1 billion. It continues to -- we continue to on-board it. Are we where we want to be with all the onboarding? No, we're not done. We'll continue to make progress. It just continues, as I said last call, it's just -- it's a slog to get through it. We will though, and that's why we think it's a 2023 topic for increasing flows beyond the level that it's at right now, the performance is very, very strong. And we're behind that. There is another capability that we hope to get into market next year, more income type credit capability. With regard to private credit starts with a very, very good team. And they're seasoned. They have a very good track record. They'll be back in the market again, raising money and its performance, track record and team, and that's where we are right now. And with dislocations, we think of greater opportunities for them. And just holistically, what we're doing around the private markets platform is just ensuring we have all the resources that we need to compete to make a difference from the investment teams all the way through operational effectiveness and everything else you would hope that we would be doing. We look at as a real opportunity for us.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So again, we can point to -- we have something, I believe, on our website, Andrew Low went through. There's very specific information in there.
Marty Flanagan: So core looking at that. But from a local joint venture, we're at the top of the pack, which is great. Again, it takes us about with all the market movements, I think we're the 12th largest money -- local money manager -- excuse me, the 12th largest money manager in the wealth management channel in China. Now that could change now because of levels that's under management. So that was the last picture that I saw taken. So it's really competitive against the local managers. And as you know there are a number of foreign money managers that I think the very important thing that we point to that has differentiated us and will allow us to have the success that we've had is we've had management control with joint ventures from the beginning in many of the other joint ventures the form money manager had an ownership stake, but did not have management control. And that has really been a big movement where when you see our competitors making a point that they've taken a majority stake in their joint venture. What that really means is a movement towards them we're managing the joint venture. So we've seen that all the last number of years. So we like the position we're in. We're not naive to the competition levels, but the opportunity is a material one.
