Allison Dukes: Good morning, Dan. So I'd say first on the fourth quarter, your question around was anything abnormal. Let me just start with obviously we had pretty high performance fees in the fourth quarter. So excluding performance fees, as you saw net revenue yield was flat at 36 basis points in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. It's fairly straightforward in terms of what was driving that. You've got the impact of the rising markets on our yield, which was a positive of course. And then we've got some offset there, given the modest pressure we continue to see just from the client demand and the mix shift that’s there. We've got consistent with industry, high interest in our passive capabilities and some churn within our active and that does put some downward pressure on net revenue yield. And this was a quarter where the impact of really strong market growth helped to offset that. In terms of what does that mean for this year, I would say that trend right there we would expect to continue. I do expect we will continue to see high interest in our passive capabilities and some continued churn within active. What does that mean for net revenue yield going forward? It's very difficult to predict, as you know. What I would point you to is that our focus is not simply on net revenue yield. We've really got the breadth of capabilities to serve our clients well. I think that's really starting to be demonstrated in the results over the last couple of quarters. And as we focus on that, we really are focusing on operating margin and making sure that we are managing our expense base to the top line of the firm and really driving profitable growth across our platform.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Yes, let me start with Q1. And there are a lot of puts and takes as you think about it just given the really strong growth that we saw in the back half of the fourth quarter. That market growth, excluding performance fees, really did come in the back half of the year and we started the year with a very high level of AUM and you see what I see in terms of the markets thus far that we enter with strong revenue growth, as that maintains, and we hope that maintains. And then along with that we've got the associated variable compensation, and that does drive compensation higher, all things being equal for the quarter. And then we have the seasonality of payroll taxes and some pension expenses that occur in the first quarter of the year. Now, those are going to be offset by what we're doing in terms of our targeted cost saves and of course the lower compensation that we would have in this quarter, excluding performance fees. The net of all of that, the puts and takes, it’s hard to say exactly given the strong run up in revenue and the associated expenses. But it's, I would say, flattish and I’m talking total expenses for the quarter. In terms of the cadence of the cost saves, I think it's reasonable to look at those being spread relatively equally over the year. There may be a little bit of frontend loading into the first half of the year, but relatively equal.
Allison Dukes: The only thing I'd add to that on the alternative outflows was the third area we saw some outflows would be in real estate dispositions, and that would be somewhat in the normal course of that business, but it did contribute to the negative flows there. And I'd say one positive point as it relates to our retail flows is if we look at our active U.S. retail net outflows, they were actually $2.6 billion better than the third quarter. Now, they were still negative at $6.7 billion but that was an improvement of $2.6 billion over the prior quarter, really on the heels of higher gross sales and redemption levels that were significantly lower than what we saw across the industry. So signs of growth and improvement there.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Rob, I'll take that. So, look, as we think about just sort of where we are now and as I think about rolling forward over the next couple of quarters, you'll know we built our cash balances. I'll also just remind everyone, we do have seasonality and comp expense that is seasonality and cash flow related. Comp expense in the first quarter, historically, the company has drawn on the revolver in the first quarter. We've obviously managed our cash balances a little bit higher. There is strong cash flow, just given the AUM dynamics that we see right now. I don't know what that will look like exactly as we work through the quarter. And we do have the liability to settle in April. All that said, we're in a very strong position and I continue -- I expect us to continue to build our cash balances longer term and improve net leverage. And then as I think about just what does that mean for the financial flexibility that we're looking to achieve and returning capital to shareholders, we are committed to that financial flexibility. We do want to invest in the business first and foremost to support future growth in the business. And we do remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet. And ultimately, we want to be in a position to return excess cash to shareholders. And I do expect that we'll be doing that through a stable and modestly growing dividend and eventually share repurchases. And so we are coming up soon here on the one year of having made some decisions around that and we've got the opportunity to think about what our return of capital to shareholders looks like, and we will be working through that in the coming months. I'll say that we're pleased to be in a very strong position to be having those conversations and look forward to sharing more.
Allison Dukes: Okay. Let me take your first one around the long-term organic revenue growth. I guess it's not a number we would disclose or think about exactly. But if you think about -- what you're looking at is excluding market and you surely look at the fee rate associated with where interest expense, as we point to every quarter, you continue to see a little bit of mix shift from some of the higher fee products to some of the lower fee products. So that does put pressure on your organic fee growth, no question. Without some market improvement in there, you would see downward pressure there. Our focus then really does shift to profitability. So I'll come to your second question. How do we think about the profitability given those dynamics, because markets go up and markets go down and we've seen the pressure that can put on the top line? As we think about the profitability and I'm not sure I'm going to answer your question exactly, I'm not sure I caught all the different puts and takes you were thinking about there, but I guess I would answer it in this way. While the absolute fee rate of some of our lower fee products would be lower, so take an ETF, for example, in the United States, the absolute fee rate there would be about half of a U.S.-based mutual fund. That said, the margin contribution is about the same, very similar, because you have lower servicing costs. So the margins on both are neutral to positive to our overall firm margins. And it really then becomes a function of volume. Because while the margin is the same, the absolute operating income yield would be lower and so you have to drive more volume over a lower fee product to contribute the same dollar of operating income that you would over a higher fee product. And that's really how we think about it. These are just the facts of our business and the facts of where demand is and making sure we're positioned to capture all of that demand, and then making sure we're well positioned to maintain our margins at a minimum, even in markets where we could be under pressure.
Allison Dukes: In a quarter like this, 3.9% organic growth is contributing to revenue. Yes, it's contributing to revenue. And then obviously even contributing more if we look at the positive operating leverage that comes from it, but you do get positive contribution. The high fee, low fee products are not necessarily always obvious as to what category they're in and you do see revenue contribution in a quarter like we just have.
Allison Dukes: So I'll do my best to unpack that. If you look at just the performance fees and the compensation expense that’s associated with those, it's going to be kind of closer to 50%. So it comes at a higher rate than what you would see in terms of the compensation associated with other elements of revenue. So that's a roll off. And then in terms of what would be higher, the seasonality of payroll taxes and some benefits, so that's somewhere in the $25 million to $30 million range. Then you've got the targeted cost saves that will be in there somewhere. We're not giving specific guidance around that any more so than what I've already provided. And I think that's probably the best way to think about it. The one thing that is not totally the same is the run up in the fourth quarter is what -- we only had that for kind of call it six weeks or so at the end of the quarter. If asset levels hold where they began the year and we've certainly seen them hold thus far into the month, you can expect that revenue and the associated compensation expense would be higher than what you would see in the fourth quarter, and that's just thinking about the typical relationship between revenue and compensation expense.
Allison Dukes: Our cash balances at the end of the year were $1.4 billion. We have $764 million of that is committed to European regulatory and liquidity requirements.
Allison Dukes: Good question. We have not set a targeted operating margin coming out of this. Our focus has really been to think about the continued dynamics that are really driving client demand and thinking about getting our business oriented to capture that demand and make sure we're doing so in the most profitable way. And we continue to see how these trends are playing out. What do I think is long term, I think that's a hard one to answer, because I think we continue to see some of these shifts. We remain committed to our active capabilities and we do believe we will continue to see interest there and demand there, and we could see even more positive growth coming from that. So, as client preferences continue to evolve, we're going to continue to evolve our platform to operate at the highest profitability we can with it.
Marty Flanagan: Thanks, Craig. So our perspective really has not changed. As we look at M&A, it always has to start, has to be strategic, it has to be additive to the business in areas of client demand where we just really don't have a competitive capability, or have the scale to compete. We also very much are focused on the culture of the organization, as I've pointed out. Historically, you have to have cultural alignment to be successful. And that will continue to be our criteria. And what we don't think it makes sense is sort of the roll-ups where there's just a lot of duplication. Clients don't like it and shareholders don't like it. It's just really hard. And so we will continue to stay away from that.
Marty Flanagan: Look, Craig, it's always facts and circumstances. And I think size is a factor. But size, the level of complexity is quite different with any organization. So it would really be facts and circumstances as opposed to some hard and fast rule.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, a couple of things. So again, as you saw, gross flows were a record high for us. And taking them region by region, channel by channel, Allison, I think went through that pretty clearly. We continue to see momentum in the retail channels. It slowed down in EMEA as Allison spoke of. Some of that was from Brexit related sort of risk off as it came down to final negotiations. And quite frankly, there was some look over to the elections in the United States. The U.S. retail channel is really starting to make tremendous change and progress. We're not where we want to be, that's for sure. But the momentum there, the gross flows are there. We're seeing flows as you look into the year outside of ETFs in the traditional asset classes, these short duration fixed income. Emerging markets is actually picking up which is really good news as that back into flows, so cautiously optimistic. Within alternatives, it's largely been around GTR and that was really the driver this past quarter. Bank loans were also an area that we're still in outflows. As we look into this year, we'll see what the opportunities are with bank loans in particular. But again, we're obviously very, very focused on any area where we're relatively underperforming.
Marty Flanagan: Good question. So, look, we clearly have a leadership position in real estate and bank loans. Private credit has been an area where it’s had some good performance. We don't have the scale that we would want. The team is very strong, trying to do a three-year track record. So that's an important opportunity for us as we look forward. And again, we'll just continue to focus on expanding that business over this next year.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Okay, good. So, look, this has been in the making for, I don't know, four years now. And so all of a sudden, it's the overnight success. Our approach has been to have a very talented quantitative solutions team that’s very strong at asset allocation, building anything from models to customized solutions for clients and also advisory to the clients, whether it be sort of the corner office suites in the retail channel, but quite frankly large pension plans around the world. And our approach has been to use our capabilities, whether it be our passive capabilities or active capabilities all the way through alternative capabilities. So it's not a duplicative set of skills. It's literally using what we've had in existence. We have built what is a very, very strong analytical tool that we use with clients as a way to help them analyze their portfolios. That's how the engagements happen and any one of those outcomes can happen simply from an advisor engagement to building a customized solution. During that journey, as you build it out, how you engage, how you faceoff with clients, there are clearly modifications to how you do that. And we seem to have found ourselves in a situation where we seem to have the formula right based on the outcomes that we're seeing. And I come back to -- this really is the fundamental topic that is driving the change in the industry is that clients are working fewer money managers. They're expecting more from money managers. So if you don't have that breadth of capability and if you don't have the ability to serve clients through these engagements, you're truly disadvantaged. And so it is really making a difference for us and we expect that will be the case in the years ahead. So hopefully, that gives you a little more color.
Marty Flanagan: It's an interesting question. 2013 was a long time ago. But as we get through it and I suspect what's really going to matter I think the question is, where are the concentrations within your fixed income if there's something like that. And if you look at the range of fixed income capabilities that we have, it really is quite broad and heavy concentration in an area where sort of long duration shock could be quite painful to the organization. So that's my initial reflection on the question, if that's helpful.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So, look, let me start with the bigger question gets specific. ESG is something that we're integrating throughout all our investment management teams, probably the most advanced through our capabilities; in EMEA, our fixed income teams, real estate, so we’re pretty well into it right now. We’re not done. But that is something that is absolutely a top focus of ours as an organization. The reality is if you are not skilled at managing ESG capabilities even within your traditional asset classes, you really are going to be challenged in EMEA. I'd say in the United States, it is moving beyond what was a conversation 12, 18 months ago to being something very, very real. And you're seeing commercial implications of it. And that is the same thing in Asia Pacific. Specifically using that more narrow definition, so we have about $34 billion in ESG AUM, but it’s really quite broad. We have about 90 ESG funds or mandates that comes through. And I think the other area what we're seeing outside of institutional is really picking up on the retail basis. And right now we're the second largest provider of ESG ETFs in the United States. And there's about $9 billion in those assets. So, again, more to go, as I said. We have a developed capability, but it's also developing and we're really being quite aggressive in the area.
Marty Flanagan: So let me start with the stock price. And again, I have to be careful. That's your words, not mine. What drives stock price is operating outcomes and business momentum. And as Allison had talked about today, you're just seeing a markedly different set of outcomes in the last couple quarters. As you look into 2021, again without getting into forward guidance, it is many more tailwinds behind the organization that I've seen since 2018, and it's quite broad by region and by channel, and also within your various capabilities where we pointed out there’s very, very high demand.  Now that said, there's always areas where we have areas for improvement and we'll continue to do that. But again, the tailwinds are very different than what we've seen since the middle of 2018. So from my perspective, that's going to drive stock price. With regard to adding a beta provider through M&A, again, I'll just answer the question as I had before. It all depends on facts and circumstances. It has to be additive to the organization. It can't be something that is a net negative through the combination. So again, it just really depends on the situation.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, good question. So let me answer that in two parts. So I think what has been differentiated, which is important to recall is even 49%, we uniquely have management control, so it is really operated as part of Invesco. So we operate as Invesco in total within Mainland China and that has helped our institutional business, therefore, our traditional Invesco and also we go through Invesco Great Wall, institutional also and retail. So, that's really -- the success is because we've been able to operate as really a single organization there.  With regard to the 49%, it is a conversation we continue to have with one on. It’s obviously slowed down. I'd say the conversations between the U.S.-China were not helpful in advancing that. So we'll just have to see. I really can't put a timeframe on it. As clarity between the relationship between U.S. and China, if it eases I think that'll be a net positive.
Marty Flanagan: The bottom line, it's not getting in the way of our business success, so I think that's really the bottom line I want to make.
Marty Flanagan: Good questions. It’s a good way to get three questions in not two, but very good. You've done this before. So, look, with regard to -- let's be very, very clear. Today, the Board is actually dedicated to driving success of this organization. They value Invesco being an independent global asset manager. And again, the results are, as I said, you can see the momentum and can anticipate we're on a good track. So that's the first point. Secondly, within any conversation around M&A, my comments would be very similar to somebody looking at any money manager. And if it's not strategic, if there's a lot of overlap, if it's inconsistent with what clients want, it is very hard to do. And so as you say, that would get you to an even narrower set of options if you considered something like that. So, again, the criteria works both ways and I think that's important to understand. And then with regard to the Board, again, we've had a very strong Board. And Nelson and Ed and Tom Finke from Barings have joined. All three are very, very talented. Tom was the former CEO of Barings. Nelson had been around this space for a very long time. They know the space. They obviously are very outspoken about the opportunities that they see within the asset management space and the dynamics have been very good. You brought three new experts onto the Board. And again, just making sure we as an organization are laser focused on providing for clients and shareholders. And with the existing Board members, I think if anybody is on the stock, they should feel really good about it.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So, the value related equity given delays have been the area of focus for us as an organization, there’s no question about relative performance. We're absolutely focused on making sure that the portfolios are in a position to perform. And again, I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but if you look at that value suite during the fourth quarter, the relative performance was really, really quite strong. And that said, let's be clear. It's a quarter. It's not one year, three year, five years, but it was important to see that within the fourth quarter.
Marty Flanagan: We have a self indexing capability and it actually has been an area of growing success recently. We just turned our attention to it a couple of years ago and the works really been -- it's through the Solutions Group where we’ve had the greatest success in building unique indexes for clients. So again, we look at it as a real area of growth. But going forward -- what we’re really looking forward is just really building that deeper relevance for our clients, and it's off to a very strong start.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, it's a good question. There is about 900 billion in assets under administration right now. And the last year has been really focused on pulling together that platform through the last couple of acquisitions. And so we're looking for this year to be the beginning of some additive growth after a period of just really pulling out that platform. So again, we'll have more to say later in the year. But we're hopeful that we're at that spot right now.
Marty Flanagan: Okay. Again on behalf of Allison and myself, thank you for your time and the questions. I appreciate the dialog and we'll be in touch. Thank you.
