Loren Starr: We are continuing to focus on optimization opportunities. Those impacts are in fact reflected in some of our expense guidance. It is possible that we could do better than we are suggesting here. So that's obviously some potential positive upside. There is some potential positive upside on performance fees as well. I mean we are guiding based on what we know, but again there are definitely positive potential surprises there which would be very accretive to our incremental margins and to earnings. Overall, I think we are very focused on continuing to invest behind the business. We think it's important that we do continue to position ourselves competitively, particularly given the rapid changes that we are seeing in the environment. But we are obviously going to continue to be very focused on expenses to try to provide a result that you would view as acceptable.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean we have about $9 billion in equities, $8 billion in fixed income UITs. In terms of the maturity, the equities tend to mature more rapidly. So they are probably more like an average 18 months maturity level. So you can assume kind of a book that's every 18 months is going to go away. So you can just take that $9 million and assume a bleed out, at worst case, right where it goes way in 18 months.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean just a little color. So one thing I would say, in particular of the roughly $1.6 billion of long-term inflows that we have seen through January, right, more than half is coming from EMEA. So the region is very, very healthy. We are seeing cross-border again coming in. We are seeing very strong institutional inflows. The U.K. retail situation has always been somewhat an outflow just given the size of the book and it's not a growing area of demand, but it certainly would be more than offset by the flows coming in through the rest of the region. So the opportunity that we believe that exists in EMEA is significant. It's one that people should not see as being sick or damaged or impaired through this Brexit situation and it's one that we feel we are very well-positioned to continue to flow in. So hopefully that gives you a sense of how we feel. Obviously, the Brexit topic is a bigger topic around currency and we been talking about all that but in terms of the actual business and the flows coming into the U.K., it's pretty much not yet seen itself having an impact.
Loren Starr: No. I think because, as Marty suggested, we are seeing the opportunity to substitute UITs with ETFs and the incremental margin on ETFs are certainly at the same level as UITs. So there should be no degradation due to that particular factor. Overall the biggest impact on our incremental margin this year 2017 is everything to do with just FX having a depressive impact on our net revenue yield. The mix is going to be positive. We are seeing positive net revenue yield lift due to our mix. We don't expect that to change. And so overall we think we are going to be back in that guidance area that we have talked about in the past in that 50% to 65%, again, but that assumes flat markets and flat FX year-over-year which has certainly not been the case.
Loren Starr: Let's see, I am not sure if I have exact numbers in front of me but our overall sub-advised book is probably under 10% of our overall exposure in the retail space, maybe 15% to 10% out of $170 billion mutual funds. So that gives you a sense of the overall exposure. This particular client was an insurance client. I don't know if we have all the specifics or have provided much specifics around that but it is one that the fee, it was not the highest fee business for us. So again, it's not relative to our overall net revenue yield that's going to be accretive in terms of its loss. I don't think there is a trend here on sub-advised, per se. Obviously there are some big changes that need to happen here and there as certain clients decide to change the way they manage their portfolios. But at this point, I don't think there's something where we are saying there's that risk a lot of sub-advised assets.
Loren Starr: Yes. It's actually been a little bit better. In the fourth quarter, things actually improved somewhat. So again, it's sort of a dynamic situation. So we are painting somewhat of a bleak picture on the UIT business in terms of the equity outflow, but it is still a pretty dynamic discussion. And one quarter, I just don't know if there's a trend line I can actually point to, to allow you to model this effectively. It is something that we are continuing to monitor. And so because it's moving around quite a bit, I think it's probably wrong to assume the worst case scenario that I talked about before. Just as another level of information, I mean the fee rate on the equities are roughly 55 basis points. So that's on the sale but then you have to take that number and sort of divide that by an average life of one-and-a-half years.
Loren Starr: We do. We recognized it upfront. But just in terms of how the fee rate yield shows up, we are taking that upfront number and we are dividing it by the overall assets that are in place in the book.
Loren Starr: And in terms of what's really working for us this last quarter in active, we saw the outcome oriented types of products are doing very well, like GTR was probably one of our largest winners. I think it was roughly $2.4 billion of long-term net inflows into that capability. Our diversified dividend capability, so the yield oriented equity capability, $1.4 billion. We saw real estate, bank loans, CLOs as well all being positive in the active space. And then obviously the detractors, the outflows were related to some of, as we talked about, the big sub-advised client as well as there was about $1 billion of just a disposition related to a real estate holding. And this was all talking about 4Q right now, just to be clear. Going into next year, as I said, I think those trends are continuing and we are seeing similar take on of that type of product.
Loren Starr: Yes. So maybe I was not very clear it in my term data. So it has more to do with actually the systems and our overall management of data through the firm in terms of our investment book of records having one system as opposed to multiple bespoke systems. So it has really been a redo, a revamp of how we manage data through the firm really giving us even more effective efficient with our information, less manual processing, more straight through processing. That's been a major investment. It's not really the cost of data which, of course, does go up every year. That's not what we are talking about here, per se.
Loren Starr: Yes. So right now the hedges are in place through the end of 2017 and so if we were to do nothing there would be no further hedging after that. So as I mentioned earlier, we are going to continue to look at opportunistically whether it makes sense for us to extend those hedges, either both in the Pound and Euro or maybe just the Pound and that will be based on our risk assessment of Brexit and obviously the cost of the hedges as an insurance policy.
Loren Starr: Sure. So I mean within the number, the $1.6 billion, we have got some puts and takes as you imagine. The passive PowerShares, I mean you have got that number yourself, if you go to the website but we are seeing more than $1 billion on the traditional in terms of inflows, long-term inflows. So that continues to be a high growth area for one that we don't expect to slow down at all. In terms of what is in demand, it has been largely around fixed income and alternatives is where we are seeing most of the interest, as I mentioned, on the active side. We are seeing multi-asset being about $0.5 billion positive in the number. And Asia continues to see growth but largely around fixed income, both bank loans and core fixed income offerings. So around real estate as well that continues to be an area where we see flows coming in. So hopefully that gives you some good enough color in terms of what's driving the flow picture.
Loren Starr: Yes. There has not yet been a sea change at on the flow picture. It's pretty much business as usual unfortunately. Even though performance is strong, we still see outflow. The only other place, as I mentioned earlier, where we are seeing very strong inflow would be diversified dividend which is well in excess of $1 billion in the last quarter.
Loren Starr: Never have we gone to the well. So there's always opportunity. We can only do so much at one time. So obviously we have got some sequencing has been a continued move to improve use of technology, reducing manual, the need for manual work, using our global centers more effectively, more efficiently. I think themes like digitization and robotics are huge opportunities for our industry in aggregate. And we are running after them quite heavily but it's still early days in terms of seeing the full benefits of those technologies finding root. So I think there will be an ongoing, there has to be an ongoing focus for driving efficiency through Invesco as well as the industry for us to maintain profitability. And I think it requires some investment to get there. So that's kind of the flip side. But we have been making those investments over the last several years and we feel we are very well-positioned to continue to drive our expenses as a percentage of our assets under management down as we have seen continuously over the last many years.
Loren Starr: So a great question. We are obviously operating with our normal capital priorities that have been in place for years. First call on the capital would be seeding products. Next would be dividend growth, modest single-digit growth followed by stock buybacks. And so that's the process were in place. We want to maintain roughly $1 billion of cash in excess of what's required from a regulatory capital perspective and we are sort of largely there, plus or minus a couple hundred million. So our focus this year or last year was certainly being opportunistic on the buybacks because we saw what we thought was an over reaction obviously to the whole Brexit news and certainly the DOL impact on our franchise we thought was overblown. So we are going to continue to operate with those types of triggers in mind, opportunistically going in perhaps at a higher level because we have the financial flexibility to do so. But I would say our preference, obviously, is to be back into a more normal approach around our capital management. And we do have some pretty, I would say, sizable seed capital needs coming into next year as we continue to see our client demand for alternatives grow. We need to seed some of those capabilities or co-invest along some of those capabilities and so that will be probably, again as I said, our first call on capital.
Loren Starr: I think that was largely because of things like IVR leverage which was a big outflow and had zero fee impact. So it's more noise than anything else. There's nothing really going on, I think per se, in the mix. Although I would say the one thing is, there's been a pretty significant drive-up in the use of bank loan ETFs. And bank loan ETFs are at a much higher fee than the overall average, I think sort of up in the 60, 70 basis point level.
Loren Starr: Yes. So that's actually based on a very detailed bottom-up, built-up forecast, region-by-region, product-by-product, institutional retail, equity fixed income alternatives across the globe and so it represents our expectation. It reflects our pipeline of won but not yet funded products which, Marty had mentioned, has a much higher fee rate than the firm's overall average. It reflects obviously the increased client demand we are seeing around alternatives and I think we are also seeing obviously growth in places like EMEA and Asia-Pac where they tend to have a higher fee rate. So that's what's driving the overall fee rate improvement.
Loren Starr: Yes. So I think clients are just more interested in seeing this back-end loaded type of fee as opposed to the transaction fee. And so we are just responding to the client trends that are in place where I think the clients would rather not be paying transaction fees.
Loren Starr: Yes. Well, we don't know fully, obviously, what's really happening but what we would benefit from would be the lower tax rate in the U.S. on our U.S. business, which is clearly the largest part of our operating income right now. So that would be a direct benefit to us. There would be no, per se, benefit to us relative to the business outside the U.S. since we are currently living in a territorial tax regime based on our domicile. So I think it would be limited in terms of what it offers us perhaps relative to other pure U.S. based firms. And as we have mentioned, we are free to bring back dividends without any tax consequences and we do so. And if there was some tax repatriation element, that would not provide any sort of immediate new opportunity for us. We do it all the time.
Loren Starr: And in terms of products, we have seen already great take on of products like real estate and fixed income. I think we are seeing growing product take on multi-manage and multi-asset allocation products. So that's a newer theme that is coming in and generally just around the alternatives overall is something where we see more and more opportunity for us in the region.
Loren Starr: I mean I think our biggest contributor would be China generally, probably followed by Japan would be next and then you get into much smaller, Taiwan and Australia. So those would be the two big ones.
Loren Starr: Yes. I mean I don't know if we have seen the institutional outflow that you are talking about. We have seen actually strong take on and again this comment though is on a global basis. So globally there's just no question that bank loan, separate accounts, definitely in growth mode. In terms of our U.S. presence, I think it's still been pretty positive but ETFs have been clearly taken on at a much higher pace in the U.S. than any other region. So maybe de facto, your comment is correct because we are seeing that BKLN grow quite a bit.
Loren Starr: It's a little bit of both, I would say. Our presence has historically been more retail than institutional. And so I would say it would most likely be mostly retail just because of our install base. But we know that there is some institutional buyers of that product as well.
Loren Starr: Yes. I think there was a little bit of movement down this quarter that had more to do, as I mentioned, sort of around contract adjustments at year-end, which tends to happen, true-ups and things of that nature around some of the distribution arrangements and new ones coming in, getting signed. So the trajectory is pretty stable. I don't think there's a major change in terms of that number relative to our net revenue yield in aggregate. So it is one where from the U.K. obviously the RDR impacts are fully through. And so we have seen the pay way sort of go away on that part. But in the U.S., which may be more the point that you are getting to, there's nothing material changing on that line item.
Marty Flanagan: So my view is similar to yours. It sounds like others. I think there is some anticipation that the DOL rule will get delayed, I don't know anybody in the industry, whether it be money manager or distribution partners that are slowing down, right. So the movement towards advisory, it is in place and it will just continue, right. It would be a mistake not to think that is the case. The feedback that we are getting from our distribution partners. What they are looking to do is to work with firms with a broad range of capabilities and that have good performing capabilities and also competitive expense ratios. And so on each point, more specifically what is of interest, the focus on how to combine active and passive capabilities within the channels and an evolving focus on how to use factor capabilities. ETFs, in particular. So we are positioned very well from that point of view, both solutions and with our capabilities and factor. The other topic is a keen interest now in looking at the use of alternative capabilities within the retail channel now. That's been a topic for a number of years and as we have talked in the past, it did not move as fast as anybody in the industry thought for a number of reasons. One being distribution partners getting organized around it. Secondly, how to use it within the financial advisor and there was a lot of regulatory focus surrounded also. So that seems to be an evolving focus. So we look at ourselves as we think we are positioned really quite well with this as we look forward. Now again, there is going to take some takes and puts and we have talked about UITs. UITs are something that you have already seen the negative impact to us. The good news is what we are starting to see is a greater focus on the use of ETFs in the place of UITs. So again, it's going to be some evolving, how we partner with our different distribution partners, but again, I would say, at the moment, we feel pretty good about it.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Interesting, Ken. So its an area that we are actually putting a lot of focus on now as an organization and just strategically what should we be doing. And I think the reality is of where the market is going, brand recognition actually matters a lot. And I would say that's somewhat different than years gone by. Maybe it's a reflection of more competitive maturing industry. So our focus globally is extending the brands because what you get with that is quite frankly your reputation precedes you and you do end up doing better in the retail markets, in particular. We are very strongly placed in the U.K. brand recognition. EMEA also has been improving dramatically as in the United States. We are probably not where we want to be. That would probably be the weakest brand reputation vis-à-vis the other parts of the world. So again, we are just trying to refine that and continue to focus on enhancing that reputation of the firm.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. We are. So our basic view as we talked before this, but one step higher, is sort of this, debate about is it active, is it passive and our basic view, it's both. I mean that is the reality going forward. In the retail channel active and passive is going to be used. Good news is, we are very well positioned for that dynamic. Then specifically, it has been a headwind for U.S. equities, value in particular, over the years, for the reasons we know sort of from 2009 on that sort of beta run. I think the world has changed, right. I have always been a believer in active. It does play an important part in somebody's portfolio. Again I am probably preaching the choir here. So that said, I think when you start to see the relative outperformance in quite a material way, it will be used in U.S. portfolio and we would look to, as you suggest, just absolute relative strength of the value franchise, we would expect that the advisors would start to more actively use those capabilities.
Marty Flanagan: Great question. So it's beyond theory, right. And so when we have been talking about where we have been investing and what reasons, the solution buildout is an important one for us. Actually the immediate focus has been actually on U.S. retail and that might be different than some other focuses. That's because of the dramatic changes going on in the advisor channel. So it's really having solutions experts matching off their home offices to help build different models and solutions for the advisors and then out to the field helping with the models. And it's starting to take shape. I think it's going to be an important way that the business is changing going forward. It will result in greater ETF sales. There's little question in my mind about that. Jemstep is also, it's been a year since we closed, it is actually being really introducing us to a really new channel of distribution. It's advisor focused, it's not direct. I want to make that very clear. So it's partnering with our advisors, but the inquiring of firms that we are working with, our firms that we never had relationships before. So I would look at the financial impact to that and the flow impact probably in latter part of this year starting to kick in because you have to think of it, it is an application installation and we are well underway in a number of areas. So it is a combination thereof and within Jemstep, it is actually using our models that advisors can use. And again, it's not closed, so actually they can use their own models, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a combination thereof, Glenn.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So you are going to get that, so to the extent of my power comments, that will continue. The other area where you are seeing real success is the institutional business and I would say regionally, like all three regions. We are at different stages of success in the different regions but we just continue to see, as we said, the pipeline just continues to strengthen and so we will just continue to see greater impact institutionally around the world.
Marty Flanagan: And in an interesting way, this refocus on UITs or how they are being used in the retail channel actually is turning out to be an opportunity for us longer-term from the standpoint of we are having much deeper conversations with the advisors on how to use ETFs and how to build their books. So we ultimately see that as a much more important opportunity as we look out into the future for us.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, it's still early days. Everybody is now responding to the initial report. There is an absolute focus really on value for money and we come out very, very strongly through that analysis. So we sit in a good position because of that. We are very engaged like others in the marketplace. The firms that are at risk are and again it was sort of a direct focus on people, sort of benchmark huggers charging active fees is an area that is probably never a good idea to do that. I don't think people were really focused on doing that on purpose but that's really a real big pressure point and we will just have to see where we come. There's really probably not going to be any direct feedback until much later in the year, probably nine months from now, I would guess.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So a couple of things. It is an area of focus. It has always been an area of focus for us. And if you look at what we have done over the last decade, we have re-priced our retail funds downward to the point where, Loren correct me, about 90% of our assets are below median and two-thirds are in the lowest quartile of expenses. So we are placed very, very strongly. Historically, this is not a new topic for us. So we think we are placed very nicely. I also think it's a mistake to think that the first thing that people are looking for is expense ratios. Low expense ratios with bad performance is, it's I don't care how low it is, you can give it to somebody, it's not going to be a factor to drive growth. And still, the primary focus is investment quality. Is it going to generate the returns for the clients in the portfolio? And I think people, don't forget that, that is the driver. I don't think price cuts are going to change the flow dynamic. What I would say, though, if you are above median and not performing well, that's not a good place to be.
Marty Flanagan: Well, I can just think of a number of conversations that I have been in. And there is a very strong interest, beyond interest, a very important part of the strategy of the distributors to use active capabilities. And in particular for us, the discussions are as high as they have ever been into understanding how to use alternative active capabilities. So I think you are right though from whenever you want to think this started, but the end of last year or so December on, just beginning to see a really strong outperformance of active. It will be taken up, I do believe. But if you look at history, it's always trailed. It doesn't start exactly when you should be doing it.
Marty Flanagan: And I would just come back to, if you recall, more than three years ago we launched a broad range of alternative retail mutual funds. And if you remember the conversation at the time, we thought the wise thing to do was a broad introduction, knowing that you needed three year track records largely before you start to get traction. We have hit that three year mark and I think in hindsight I think that's going to look like it was a wise thing to do at the time.
Marty Flanagan: Look, I think it's a mistake not to think it's a permanent phenomenon, right. Our distribution partners prefer the advice model and the DOL was already moving that way. The DOL was the impetus to advance it. So in some ways, I think I don't believe the fiduciary rule is going away. I think there could ultimately be some modifications and the SEC syncing up a synched definition of the fiduciary rule which would be a healthy thing in some elements of the rule that could be better dealt with could get addressed during that process. So that's our view.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So again, it's hard to decipher exactly what the impetus was. I would say this, the advisors looking more to build broad portfolio allocations for their clients has been something underway for a number of years. I think DOL moved it ahead. And then this rally, if you want to say from election day on, has by the combination of all of those three have really put a focus on, I want to use active and passive, I want to understand how to use factor within that with active, I also want to understand how to build alternatives into this asset allocation. So it's all those things coming together. And there's always been a belief too and it was Ken's question earlier, I think it was Ken, that over the long-term active, even U.S. active equities is a value add for multiple reasons, risk adjust return, downside protection, et cetera, et cetera. So it's hard to point to one thing as the impetus to this but there is a very, very focused effort on using the broad range of answers to build these asset allocation capabilities for the advisor community.
Marty Flanagan: And, Rob, I would probably add to that. The other perspective is where we see ourselves positioned as a firm and where we see the future of the industry, we think we are aligned against very well. And so through these savings we have been reallocating, creating capacity to continue building up solutions, the global institutional business, the PowerShares business, those things that are absolutely making a difference. I think what the other side of it is, you could stop doing that. And I think it's the most dangerous time not to be investing to the demands in the marketplace. And I think those firms that have stopped investing, they are going to find themselves competitively at a material disadvantage. And the good news is we have been after this for a good number of years and we are really seeing the impact along the way.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. So we have the SMA capability. There's many firms. And, again, it is an area that will continue to be a focus with our distribution partners for various different types of investment capabilities that they are trying to make available to their clients. So I would say it's a continuation of what's been there in the past, quite frankly.
Marty Flanagan: If you look at, I think you are quite focused on that diversified dividend fund which has been so successful. But if you look at the value suite, there's three elements to it. That has been an area where there's been a lot of focus. There's a deep value capability which is performing very, very well, somewhere between diversified dividend and deep value that's also performing very, very well. So we are positioned, I think, extremely well as you look forward.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Again as we have discussed this in the past, it is a reality now that scale does matter more than it really ever has historically in the asset management business. The good news is we have some good scale. That said, if you could find asset management complementary to what we are to improve capabilities, that has always been our primary focus and get scale at the same time, that would be ideal. So again, we just continue to be open minded to those opportunities. I would say there's nothing blatantly obvious at the moment as we continue to look at the marketplace.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. Look, it's a very important part of our business. It is really, as you say, now generating an important contribution to the firm. And the focus really right now is on distribution excellence. We feel we have the capabilities in place, very, very strong management team leadership and we would imagine that it will continue to be a more important part of the business in five years from now. And I will stand at that.
Marty Flanagan: And I would just add, we really strongly believe we are uniquely positioned in China, both at a retail level and institutional level and we think that the future is very, very positive there for us.
Marty Flanagan: Well, thank you very much for joining us and I am sure we will be talking to people soon. So have a good rest of the day.
