Martin Flanagan: Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us. Again, if you're so inclined that presentation that we'll be addressing is on the website. So please feel free to follow if you'd like to. So we'll cover the business results for the fourth quarter today. Greg is going to go through the investment highlights, but also talk about the environment and also what the combined investment firm will look - the investment potential also look like. And Loren will go in greater details on our financials. And then finally, I'll give an update on where we are with the Oppenheimer combination. So turning to highlights on page five, there's no question that the fourth quarter is very challenging for the industry and for us. Eight out of ten asset classes were negative territory 2018. It's the worst on record in decades, and 74% of all listed companies were in their market territories. So again, much more difficult than I'd say that we've generally understood in the marketplace. And if you look at our fourth quarter results, we were not immune to the impact of these market dynamics. The good news was gross sales were up, that's a nice health indicator, but absolutely, we had net flows during the quarter, driven by these market dynamics and a big risk off move by many investors around the world. It was further impacted by a number of our key investment capabilities have relative under performance with those with a value bias during that period of time. We did purchased $300 million of stock during the quarter. That's from the $1.2 billion stock buyback program we announced last October. And again I mentioned, Loren will get into the financials in just a minute. As we have previous talked about, over the past few years, we've been actively repositioning the company to what we think are the opportunities in the market. There's no question that Oppenheimer is an important part of this work and will greatly accelerate our activities. And we'll talk about that more specifically in a few minutes. I do want to make the point we are on track to hit our $475 million of synergies and we're making meaningful progress towards hitting the close in the second quarter of this year with Oppenheimer. And we will revisit the financial returns with a combination, because of the fourth quarter being so difficult and you'll see they're very, very compelling still. And so with that Loren, you want to.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So that is one of areas that we will not turn our attention to until after close for various regulatory reasons. There's probably going to be less overlap than you imagine in that. But I will say there is opportunity, I'm sure there's opportunity for rationalization. And again, after close, we will come back to you and give you some insights. And again, I wouldn't look at it as just unique to the Oppenheimer transaction. Again, it's a normal practice that we just look at our product shelf and make those decisions. So, I wish I could give you a more clear update, but we're just not in a position where we can do that.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, look we think this has been a very important undertaking for us. And I think if you just look at where we started and where we are, we think we're very well placed. We do make some important points of - if you look at where the dollars were moving us last year where our lineup was. And as what we said, on the back of Guggenheim we had a lot to build from utilizing the self-indexing unit and some of the things like bullet shares. The final launches where we think we will be done will be by the end of Q1 of this year. And we feel that we'll be in a very good position to continue to grow. And again I think you're right. So, [indiscernible] other bank loans in life, those are - that's part of what comes with that market.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I understand, and again, we're being very responsible going through Q1. But I do want to - the organization is going full forced to get this combination done. And I think turning your attention to that is really what matters. There are very, very few opportunities where you can literally create a stronger organization and take out 15% of the operating costs around the world. One in fact this is largely is coming from the U.S. And if you put that side by side, very, very few organizations able to pivot like this in an environment. So again, it's really the capabilities that attracted us Oppenheimer. But when you look at the scale benefits they are material and real. And I think as we said Q4 really sort of highlight that for everybody is beyond the conversation it's actual fact.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So let me put in context, and again, we feel that we've built a very diversified business by asset class and by geography. But if you look at last year and if you line up the organization you almost couldn't make it up thing didn't serve us well because of the value capabilities we had. You saw that quite clearly what happened that largely impacted the U.S. mutual fund business. Brexit is a real topic for us and you just saw sterling dropped from I think a peak a 1.44 to 1.24. But if you literally look at EMEA and use mutual funds flows as a proxy in the year they dropped by 87% there. So, I mean - and then you look at the trade wars and people will point so well there's nothing really happened in there. I can tell you our clients went risk off. We had some very good capabilities Asian equity capabilities that got terminated during that. So the notion that you could have trade for as Brexit. And saying disproportionately impacting an organization like Invesco. I would not have thought that's possible. It's not an excuse, it's just a reality. And again, I think, importantly, Greg, was talking about the depth and breadth of the investment capabilities, the performances these markets are actually good for active management and we're seeing that. I don't know if Greg, if you'd add to that.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, look I can speak to my very specific conversation if not every single one of them was incredibly positive. So if you just start with the fundamental strength of where Oppenheimer is in the U.S. wealth management platform the notion of those two firms together that we've had nothing, but very, very strong positive feedback for all the reasons that Greg talked about, right. It's depth of capability, type of capabilities it's beyond investment capabilities what can you serve the clients beyond the investment capabilities. So very, very positive. There is also institutional clients in different parts of the world that are actually very attracted already to a number of the Oppenheimer capabilities emerging markets, global equities to name two of them. So again, we're just getting very good client feedback of Oppenheimer joining us, but also what we can do together. So again from our perspective the next few months can go fast if we want to get those closed.
Martin Flanagan: Look, I turn your attention to the financial returns that you just put in front of you after a very, very difficult market are quite compelling. And again, we're going to be dramatically stronger firm coming out of it. So…
Martin Flanagan: Yes. And I would just add, the platforms and the like. Look, these are big undertakings. Now we do know how to do it, we have a history of doing them well, we'll do them as quickly as possible. But also very importantly, we got to meet - you got to serve your clients, you need to do a good job. So again, I would come back to the big picture. We will hit $475 million, we will hit the margin target as we talked about markets and it's a very unique opportunity for us to frankly build some very important scale into the organization, which we will do.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I think the beauty of the combination is the incremental spend is not very much. The quality of the investment teams are there. We have an institutional distributional capability. There is demand for it. So pace will be determined by the clients and their appetite. And as you know institutionally it takes time to go through those processes. Oppenheimer already has a non-U.S. range, a SECOP [ph] range that frankly it's getting it into our distribution capability. So again, those are things that will come pretty rapidly. I do want to come back to there is no revenue synergies in these numbers from going to the institutional business or the non-U.S. business or anything between MassMutual and ourselves. And that's just fine, but there's none of that in that as we move forward.
Martin Flanagan: Look, there are already conversations with what the teams and what the opportunities are. And also we're in deep conversation with MassMutual about what we can do. But again, I don't want to set an expectation other than we will execute and what's in front of us. But the combined firm together and a relationship with MassMutual is going to be an important one.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. I'll maybe start and Loren can add. Look it's no different than us. Our effective fee rate what you see trending down it's really - it is a mix shift topic for us. And you would imagine in risk off environments, people putting money and money funds, et cetera that you see that happen. Oppenheimer during the period had the exact opposite. There was an aggressive or I shouldn't say aggressive quite successful in emerging markets and international equities and those are higher fee capabilities. And again that is sort of the natural flow of things within an organization. So client demand will drive those mix shifts. There's very little we can do about it.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. So it's a good question. Everybody is doing those types of calculations, but what I would say and I mentioned this earlier, Brexit for our business really didn't become real until this past year in the second half of the year. And as I've - it's just not the UK it's on the continent too. And I mentioned if you look at flows across, it's literally down 87% year-over-year that - it has been risk off environment like you really can't imagine. So I don't know what's going to happen with Brexit, there are a lot smarter people than me on it. We spend a lot of time on it, it's important to us. But Loren was talking about this quarter if my perspective and the organization's perspective, if you take a no deal Brexit off the table and it looks like there will be some different outcome, I think that would be very positive for investor sentiment, client sentiment and I would imagine we would be in a better position when you look at clients getting back to making investment decisions. That's how we're looking at it. The other one that is a headwind that we'll see what happens is the trade negotiations between U.S. and China that is a headwind for us. So anything that moves into positive manner is again I think about positive development for us.
Martin Flanagan: No. So I just want to be really clear on this. So the accretion numbers that - for 2019 and 2020 that we laid out, it is based on I mean our expectation of getting to close having the two quarters this year full next year. Then the run rate impact of a $475 million through the programs that we outlined that are in place right now. We know how to do this, we've done it in the past. And the only change that drove the EBITDA from $3 billion to $2.5 billion was the market. And so, there is - we don't expect or believe the reason why the quarter went back was you really have to get - getting through mutual fund approval is just critical. And that happened at the end of the year into January and other than that we're on track. So again, we have a high degree of confidence that we'll get this done.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so Chris thanks a lot for the question. I think there's a couple of things that are going on I think one of which I mentioned in my comments when we're kind of going through the prepared remarks, a lot of it is just the change in momentum driven stocks that were really a big driver of the market. That really changed or started to change when we moved into December and kind of into January. And so it's become over that time period and hopefully that will continue much more conducive environment for active management. So it's just the stock selection was really the big driver there. And specifically momentum it was driving a lot of stock performance kind of changed if you will there was a component of that that could be a little bit of kind of value in growth, but that really wasn't the biggest component if you will that would contribute to that performance if you will. In terms of the second part of your question I mean, I think as we kind of highlighted that we're going to zig and they're going to zag, which we think is a really good thing when you look at stock selection and uncorrelated sources about if you will. So some of their strategies in the very short run they have fallen off a little bit not necessarily specifically related to the fact that value has come more back into it, I think the headline for what we're really trying to point out is when you look historically at our performance and their performance it's very uncorrelated sources of alpha we think that's very important for our clients kind of over the long on.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, Michael, this is Marty. So look, we've a very good relationship with them. They have a material interest Invesco and the alignment of interest starts right there and that's not going to move. Roger is very clear about the long-term nature of wanting to be in the asset management business and that's how they view this transaction it was just broadening their exposure to the sector. And what we are right now assuming a big broad range of conversations of what are the things that we could do together that it could make a difference in the marketplace. And again, I'd rather come back with facts then to get ahead of it and right now we are assuming zero revenue synergies from anything other than the core Oppenheimer business.
Martin Flanagan: So we're looking pretty closely and I think it's probably a very long winded answer to probably address the heart of your question. So we are - we certainly are seeing those things that you kind of referenced play out if you will. I think the main part that we're dealing with is really looking at from a client fiduciary standpoint, the liquidity within our funds, the ability to be able to respond to that liquidity if you will. I think the size and scale and a comment that I kind of referenced from a capital markets perspective I think is kind of helpful in our ability to get access to the capital markets and be able to hopefully get improved liquidity in areas like that. So, the implications I think are multifaceted, when you kind of talk about the industry. So maybe in the second time I'll kind of - just kind of stop there in raising your question.
Martin Flanagan: Again I just want to thank everybody for participation in the questions and look forward to speak with everybody soon. Have a good rest of the day.
Loren Starr: So Ken, let's say in terms of expenses, a lot of the expenses related to marketing were planned probably well in advance of being in the fourth quarter. So these are product launches, these are events that have been sort of scheduled and committed to. So there isn't as much sort of near-term flexibility around marketing expense management as you might think. Obviously, as we got into the more challenging parts of Q4, what we could pull back we did, but it was really not enough time to really move the dial on the market expense. But I would say that generally there's about $10 million of what I would call sort of unusually high run rate levels of marketing expense that should be taken into consideration. In terms of any pull forward, no, there was nothing pulled forward from Q1 into Q4. Again, I think the Q4 numbers as I've mentioned were punctuated by some higher expenses, particularly around G&A as well, which was about $6 million of probably one-time cost that should be considered in terms of what a true run rate would look like for us. In terms of the cost cutting, we feel like we're absolutely on track in terms of the optimization. And so in terms of achieving the total goal of run rate expense savings, I think we are at that level, maybe a little bit still going to happen in Q1.
Loren Starr: Great question. So I do believe we're sensitive to the leverage clearly, but we do feel that the $1.2 billion is something that we need to do as part of this transaction, as part of I think the economics. And clearly we may delay some of it a little bit further into 2020 as opposed to accelerating more in the upfront part of it, but we are still intending to complete the $1.2 billion within the two year timeframe that we originally discussed. We are going to be - clearly looking at the leverage ratio, I don't want to say we're blind to it. Markets will have some impact, it's still I don't want to say it's sort of immutable true that we're going to deliver $1.2 billion. If markets really took another downturn, we might think about it again. But right now where we are, we feel very comfortable completing the $1.2 billion per schedule.
Loren Starr: Yes, absolutely, Mike. So, I think, I was giving you some points around sort of run rate versus one-time. So let's say there's in my mind, sort of roughly $16 million of expense in Q4 that, I'd say were elevated and more onetime in nature related to specific events that won't recur on a regular basis. So if you were to take that out of the Q4 numbers, I would say our go forward into Q1 will be certainly down, flat to down to that number. So we feel very confident that that number into Q1 is going to be at a lower level run rate wise versus where we are in Q4 ex-those one-time things.
Loren Starr: So I think nothing changed in terms of those assumptions, we're still looking at sort of a $10 billion assumption outflow in 2019 after the deal is completed again that's a degree of conservatism. I think in some ways I mean you're seeing a little bit of the overhang on Oppenheimer flows right now as people are waiting for the deal to close. And so - but again the good news is it seems to be manageable number, it's nothing that is sort of excessive. We are feeling very confident that once we bring the firms together that we're going to be able to improve the redemption experience for both firms quite honesty.
Loren Starr: So again, I think in terms of the biggest change will be the timing so we only have two quarters of accretion versus sort of roughly the three quarters that we had in the prior assumption. Obviously, we're starting at a lower AUM base for the business, which also has impact on both the first year and the second year accretion numbers. Beyond that all the other assumptions are essentially the same in terms of market and so forth. The outflow for Oppenheimer, I think is roughly a 4% decay annualized. So again, it picked up a little bit as we've entered the fourth quarter and not to be surprised about that one just generally because of the market environment. So we continue to watch it, but as I said there's nothing extreme or alarming at all in terms of the flow pattern that we're seeing so far.
Loren Starr: So, I mean, in terms of stopping hiring and freezing it that makes a lot of sense for us in the context of a large transaction that is going occur in the second quarter. We are obviously bringing on a fair number of folks to the combined company. But I would say that, we are really asking people between now and the time of the close to curtail any hires that they otherwise might want to bring in if they are able to without affecting clients or investment performance really the discretionary elements of what we do. And then, sort of services around training, development, really sort of internal thing that can be delayed. So some of it is just the time based, can we sort of reduce our spend until we get to the point where the biggest event will be sort of reducing 15% of the combined cost of the firms coming together that is by far in a way the bigger impact. We are looking at - I mean, with that said are there sort of longer term opportunities to reduce cost on a permanent basis as opposed to some of the things that we just talked about. So that is still happening, but those things take longer and again it is going to be impacted by bringing the two firms together, we see a lot of opportunity to do that.
Loren Starr: So the reduction in EBITDA is really a function of lower AUM for both firms that is just quantitatively what is driving our EBITDA numbers down. Nothing more in terms of sort of unpacking, it's really just lower earnings. I think in terms of sort of the preview into the quarter I think we feel that there's a lot of variability right now. And so, we're sort of hesitant to sort of provide glimpses into the quarter. We think it will be a better result if we can sort of talk about that when we see all three months' completed as we - and you will see the monthly releases as they come through.
Loren Starr: I don't have that detail for you, Alex. Obviously, we have the AUM of 213 to 214, I think is the number that we provided. So, again, I think it will scale down, revenue will scale down, you should expect kind of literally with the AUM.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean in terms of the flow, there are some contractual sort of adjustments related to outflows between now the close - or the type of close if we aren't successful bringing over client assets as well there's an adjustment there. So it's a pretty significant hurdle for that to kick in. I think it has to be at least 7.5 percentage points and it's done on a revenue run rate. So - and at that point and below is when the adjustment happens. So anything between 0 to 7.5 there would be no adjustment made on the purchase price. And Marty, I don't know if you want to talk about sort of concept of renegotiating that's not even a thought. I think we're contractually bound and happy to continue.
Loren Starr: I would say, I mean, obviously markets have improved off that point. I think, sort of 3.5 and above percentage points rose where we are. So all those numbers are going to look better in light of just a few weeks of January coming through.
Loren Starr: So, I mean, what we're doing this is taking the 214 assuming flat markets through the close and then $10 billion out, right. So it's not a not a refined sort of when it happens. But if it happens before 214 sort of becomes 200 before the close, it's essentially getting the same place, right. So it's not a - that we assumed that outflow was almost immediate when it kind of happened - when the deal happen. So I don't think it would affect the deal economics in terms of when the flow happens it's really just the fact that is $10 billion less off of the 214 numbers, right? So that's the assumption that you should be looking at for those deal economics that still work.
Loren Starr: So there is two things, so one there's so that you can look at the filed documents in terms of the contract just all the details there and it's probably a little more complicated I'm making. But that's our run rate, that's a 7.5% revenue run rate decline off of what was originally put in place due - purely due to clients not coming over through the deal. So, I think it's just important to note that, again, there's details around that, I don't know if it makes…
Loren Starr: So I think we had said originally $400 million to $600 million prior to the close, obviously we've done $300 million of that already and then the rest being done after that. We're still looking at the market; we're looking at what happens to stock price. So, I mean there's all sorts of elements are coming to our repurchase decisions. We're sort of exiting the blackout period, so we're going to be able to begin to transact again in our stock. And again, also just mindful of the leverage ratios and so forth. So we're going to be sort of reasonably conservative around the pace of buyback prior to the close as you would expect.
Loren Starr: Okay. So, I mean on - so in terms of the $475 million, you should expect that because the close has been delayed effectively a quarter that our timing around capturing synergies is going to be more pushed into the first quarter of 2020, getting that sort of numbers that we were talking about, 75%, 80% of synergies just because of share timing. So that's kind of one point. I think in terms of the margin, being 40 - around 40, greater than 40, that's all just due to AUM levels. And so the associated impact. Again, that would be better today just because of the lift that we've seen in the markets with respect to both firms. So again, we'll obviously continue to look at those deal economics very sensitive to where markets are, but again hopefully we've sort of hit a bottom and we'll see more upside in these deal economic numbers.
Loren Starr: Yes, and I'd say, I mean from what we can see, their fee rate is very stable. So nothing is really - even though the market has been sort of negative, I think they've continued to offset that through growth in the alternative platform. And so, overall I'd say it's pretty stable.
Loren Starr: So that was mostly fixed income. There was a little bit of equity component all single-digit basis points.
Loren Starr: Yes. So we're still on track second quarter of 2019 is when are the largest client that we've sort of one business from is going to start using and putting into production the Gem Step capability along with our models. So we will begin to see flows in revenues coming from that immediately into the second quarter. Again, I think it is one of these things that we said is going to build, it's not going to be sort of a flood of revenues and AUM immediately. But given the size of this client and the breadth and scope of the advisors they're using and how the model they are going to play out, I think it will built into a material number as we get into end of 2019 and into 2020. The pipeline for Gem Step is still very strong, continues to win business. And so that is, again progressing, but it is as we said slower than anybody would have possibly had originally imagined in terms of the actual going from the design, to production, to execution just takes time. I'd say the other thing just in terms of the thing that we are excited about around ETFs and institutional business, China factor-based investing, I mean all of these capabilities is growth engines that we so called characterized have just been growing as a percentage of our overall sales every quarter. So we do see that as being an increasingly important factor in terms of our success. And so the investments that we've made, which we've talked about I believe are paying off for us and will even more so into 2019.
Loren Starr: Yes. And maybe just a bit of information. So one, in the quarter, Q4, the UK equity outflow was under $1 billion. Still a big number, but again in terms of overall size of AUM, it's sort of manageable number. And the other point is, we did just because of the uncertainty around the Brexit outcome, we did hedge through the full 2019 using similar strategy that we've used in the past around hedging the operating income for struck at 1.25 as sort of insurance policy. So if the pound were to drop below 1.25, I would say this insurance policy would protect us on the down side at worst case scenario. So anyway just so people know, we have it through 2019.
Loren Starr: Yes it's - I mean it's the exact same pro forma where we are today, what we're going to issue and then buyback as just previously described. The 400 to 600 prior to the close and the rest on was in the year after the close.
Loren Starr: I would say though in terms of like our bank loan product we saw absolutely no issues in terms of managing through volatile markets and sort of addressing the redemptions. So it was all done really with no issues. Given the way that we manage that product. So again one data point, but probably one that's relevant certainly for Invesco.
Loren Starr: Yes. So I think I touched on it a little bit when we're sort of looking into the first quarter versus where we are fourth quarter we are - if you look at the $619 million, which was quarterly expenses in Q4 you subtract out the $9 million kind of one-time expenses that I was talking about I mean you're sort of in a $603 million kind of run rate. And we said we're going to be down from that number. So again - and that first quarter also includes payroll taxes and so forth, which tend to go away. So again it is a little hard to sort of talk about the full year because we're obviously doing this large transaction and that's the plan. And so, we're planning on taking out 15% of the combined business and post close there is no standalone Invesco anymore. So it's really the combined company. But I would say in terms of thinking about us the run rate guidance that I just provided should give you the right standalone view if you want to just extrapolate that assuming flat markets across the year.
Loren Starr: So again we - again our capital policy has not changed. We are targeting and continue to target $1 billion of cash in excess of what is required from a regulatory capital perspective largely driven by the rules in Europe that requirement in Europe is somewhere between $600 million and $700 million of capital that needs to sort of stay on the balance sheet. And so we'd have roughly $1.7 billion would be kind of the target on a go forward basis.
