Allison Dukes: Sure. There’s definitely a bit of an anomaly in those line items this quarter. We’ve got an elevated $21 million of fund related expenses, which really shows up as a fee and that was related to a fund proxy expense. The fund Board determined that a shareholder meeting was necessary to elect new trustees. That’s a pretty infrequent occurrence. In fact, the last time that occurred was in 2017. But as a result, there’s a $21 million fund related expense that shows up in that third-party contra revenue. It’s offset -- the majority of it is offset. There’s $18 million that was paid for by the funds and that would be recorded as Service and Distribution revenue. So I think when you look at the quarter-over-quarter change with year-over-year and the sequential quarter, you obviously see that large anomaly, not something we would expect to occur given the last time was in 2017. When you look about -- think about the relationship and you’re right, the relationship, just the ratio is running relatively high. If I look at third-party contra revenue, that usually runs about 41% to 42% of management fees. But it’d be on the higher end in some of the lower revenue years, just due to there’s fixed cost inside of that line item. I would expect it to be above the higher end this year, maybe somewhere around 43%. Again, just as we’re coming into the year, starting at a lower revenue trajectory. As you look back at 2020 as kind of a reference, it would be in a similar range back then. So I think that’s one way to think about it, Dan.
Allison Dukes: So, your -- the question of what gives us confidence that fundamental equity is a continued headwind? I mean, I would say, it could still be a continued headwind. I think what gives us confidence as we look at the trajectory overall from here is that we continue to manage that exposure down or if the market effectively continues to manage it down, as well as client demand continues to be more for our passive capabilities than active. That is obviously an industry-wide trend. We don’t expect a change in that trend. So to be clear, we’re not expecting fundamental equities to necessarily turn into a strong tailwind, but we do think the magnitude of the headwind will continue to diminish as it becomes a less significant component of our overall AUM mix and we continue to grow the other categories and we are seeing strong organic growth rates as we’ve noted in many of the other categories. So one thing we can -- well, the several things we continue to focus on, and I know Andrew touched on this, we can continue to go into it, is investment performance. Very focused on the investment quality behind fundamental equities and making sure we continue to make good progress there and we are demonstrating progress there. There are underlying -- as we decompose our fundamental equities, there are underlying trends there that create headwinds, not the least of which is our exposure into both developing markets and global equities, which given some of the geopolitical challenges that are out there, continues to be an asset class that is not strongly in favor and that will continue to be a headwind so long as we have some of the geopolitical challenges underlying the trends for client preference there.
Allison Dukes: And I’ll just touch, Ken, on the mix moderation. I think, look, there is just at some point a mathematical sort of tipping point that happens there as you think about our AUM mix and where the effective sort of net revenue yield is today based on the composition we have. As it gets closer and closer to what our passive net revenue yield is, there’s a bit of a terminal value there. We in no way expect our fundamental equities to go entirely to disappear. There continues to be strong demand there. In fact, our growth sales were quite strong. But you look at the underlying headwinds and pressures, again, particularly given some of our exposure and our tilt towards global and developing markets, it creates a lot of headwinds. But there is a terminal value there as we start to see the mix continue to diversify as ETF and Index become an even greater percentage of our overall portfolio. The organic growth there is creating positive net revenue growth. Fundamental fixed income, we’re seeing positive net revenue growth. We continue to see good net revenue growth and global liquidity and a lot of this just continues to be offset, not entirely, but moderately offset by fundamental equities. Those headwinds will diminish at some point, just given client demand and asset allocation.
Allison Dukes: It’s hard to say because it is so client demand driven. And again, like, if I just look at our net revenue yield of 26.1 basis points and you think about our passive ETF and Index kind of net revenue yield of 15 basis points to 20 basis points, we’re a whole lot closer to that at 26.1 basis points than we were at 40 basis points. So there is that and I don’t know that tipping means growth because I do think we believe there’s stabilization and stabilization will then allow that annualized net new revenue growth to really take hold and we can start to see it in true organic revenue growth that would match the organic flows. Hard to say exactly. But I do believe we’re getting closer and closer. We are -- as challenging as this quarter was, we are optimistic as we look at the rest of the year and we’re optimistic because of a variety of trends. We look at markets haven’t hurt. April’s obviously not been terrific, but markets are modestly helpful. Our organic growth continues to be very strong. We see pockets of growth across, frankly, almost all asset classes. We’re very encouraged by what we see in terms of the organic growth trends, both in the first quarter and continues throughout the year and we know our expenses are well managed against it. So we actually feel reasonably confident that we’re starting to reach a pivot point. I just can’t be certain what client demand and markets hold.
Allison Dukes: Well, no, the shift was not a, if I understood your question correctly, it was not a way of saying, I mean, truly the shift was just reclassifying expenses where they better belonged. Things like travel and entertainment didn’t belong in marketing, it belonged to G&A. So, it was really trying to get expenses where they need to be. So, we better reflect the true nature of those expenses and not necessarily a signal in any way.
Allison Dukes: So, a couple of things. One, yes, the 26.1 basis points consistent with the disclosures we’ve had that are in both the press release and here in terms of the net revenue yield. Yes, we’ve been, you and several others were very encouraging of us continuing to evolve our disclosures to this kind of format and so we hope you find it more helpful going forward. We think it’s more helpful as well. In terms of the disclosures, the fee rates we provided in this range here will be the way in which we continue to provide that. We will adjust those ranges should the ranges actually no longer prove to be accurate, but they are the right ranges and we do see each one of these categories really operating within that range. Again, very dependent on client demand. As within any of these categories, we do have strategies that really do kind of hit the barbell of the different ranges that are there and so it’s very dependent on client demand. So we did provide history by these categories in the presentation. So you can go back and see some of the flows by category and then we’ve got the fee ranges there, but we will update the ranges going forward as the ranges change.
Allison Dukes: Sure. The major buckets would be -- maybe starting with Real Estate would be on -- it would be Direct Real Estate. So that’s around $69 billion listed Real Estate, which would be around $15 billion. So those would be the two components of Real Estate. And then Private Credit, which is primarily bank loans at about $39 billion and then our distressed and direct lending funds, which total just about $2 billion, maybe a little north of $2 billion between them.
Allison Dukes: Sure. And then I would just remind that the degradation of the fee rate doesn’t necessarily mean degradation of revenue and so that’s one of the things we’re trying to unpack as we continue to refine the disclosures on Page 6 and where the organic growth is coming from. We can have great, strong growth in ETFs and no real growth in some of our higher fee categories and still see fee rate degradation, but see strong revenue growth. So that’s the most important thing to remember and where we’re trying to, again, provide those disclosures. So where do we expect things to go from here? I mean, I think as we continue to manage expenses and we are very actively, thoughtfully and aggressively managing our expenses and we will, while I said, we don’t expect any significant organizational change costs from here. That doesn’t mean we won’t continue to find opportunities to create further organizational changes. What I want to be clear on is we weren’t necessarily guiding to, you should expect X more in organizational expenses, because we’re not in the midst of a major program, but we are in the midst every day of looking at for decisions we can make to continue to refine and streamline the organization and we’ll take advantage of those opportunities as we have been for the last year, since first realigning the business a year ago. We have continued to really step through a series of changes and we will continue to step through changes as we see opportunities to streamline the business. We really believe we’ve got the opportunity to continue to create positive operating leverage. I have no reason to believe we couldn’t do it starting this quarter. I will just be clear, client demand and markets have continued to be headwinds. Markets, not so much last quarter, but client demand was a headwind. We could see markets be a headwind this year, depending on what continues to happen from a geopolitical perspective and some of the impact that has on our developing markets exposure in particular. But that said, we absolutely have the opportunity to create positive operating leverage from here.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I don’t know that the net of that, third-party distribution is that meaningful. So, if I go back and just kind of recap what I said there, you’ve got about $18 million related to that proxy event that was recorded as revenue and $21 million that’s recorded than a third-party contra revenue. So, effectively $3 million that was borne by Invesco there. Not terribly meaningful as you think about net revenue yield. So, I don’t -- so I’m not trying to dodge your question, but I don’t know that it’s terribly meaningful to net revenue yield. I know it is a bit confusing, though, and I would continue to guide to the thinking about that, something around 43% of third-party contra revenue as a percentage of management fees is the right way to think about that relationship in a low revenue environment, and as revenue improves, you should expect that to kind of come back down into that 41% to 42% range and that proxy event being a bit of an anomaly. As it relates to our return of capital, and I’m sorry, I might have missed that question was when buybacks might resume. Buybacks, again, I think, as we approach our target of zero net debt, which we expect to be middle back half of this year and we are being very thoughtful in our cash management overall, very pleased with what we’ve been able to do so far and very much in line with our expectations. We expect we’ll reach it middle to back half of this year and we do hope to be resuming more regular share buybacks. I think I’ve noted in the past our total payout ratio would be in the 40% to 60% range. I might expect it and just sort of these lower earnings environments to be on the higher end of that range. Hopefully I covered that question there, Bill.
Allison Dukes: So, as we -- as those grow and as we start to embark on that, they would show up in the ETFs and Index investment capability category. And when and as and if it changes the fee rate, we would adjust that range as well in the disclosures. But we’ve got a way to go and just creating critical mass there that would actually create a change in that range.
Allison Dukes: Well, I mean, I say in the bottom part of your question, yes. And it is positively contributing to our margin today. It’s just offset by some of the outflows on the fundamental equity side. So to be very clear, our overall traditional ETF franchise is margin accretive as it stands today and we are starting to see the benefits of scale, although I think we’re just scratching the surface of it and continuing to grow that is a true focus for us.
Allison Dukes: From a sourced perspective, we were in inflows. In fact, it was pretty strong, about $3.3 billion of inflows, so a 6.6% organic growth rate. Largely driven by Japan, continued to see a lot of success in Japan with our Henley Global Equity and Income Fund. We’ve noted some success in that for the last several quarters that garnered over a $1 billion of inflows in the first quarter. Continued success in India, just under a $1 billion of inflows in India. Positive flows in the China JV as we noted as well. So, overall, strong growth in the region from a sourced perspective.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Ours includes redemptions and realizations. And so when you look at our flows in Private Markets, largely driven by bank loans, which I think Andrew noted, it’s a little over a $1 billion in bank loans. We did see inflows on the Real Estate side as well in Direct Real Estate and that would be net of realization. Some of the outflows were actually on the listed side and some of the listed Real Estate.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. Delivering in fundamental equities is one of the firm’s top priorities and Allison outlined where those are. Global, international, emerging market equities in particular, their demand spans the world and we’re well positioned to take advantage of that as demand comes back and so we’ll manage the things we can control, which Allison outlined around investment quality and quality of the teams.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. I mean, look, clearly as a starting point, we’re not pleased with where the share price is. We’re working hard to improve that in the areas that we can control. Several of the things that where market demand has been, we’ve been strong. So whether that’s passives, ETFs, indexing, places like fixed income and growth in areas like Japan and out in Asia-Pacific. Some of the headwinds that we’ve had with a large portion of our assets in places where some demand has not picked back up in terms of asset flow demand, that is, places in global and international emerging equities. Areas like China continue to be places where we feel well positioned, but market demand, i.e. client flows, needs to come back. So those are some of the things that we’re focused on from a growth standpoint and from an expense standpoint, continuing to be disciplined with the expense base and using opportunities to rotate our expense base to areas we anticipate will grow going forward, which we continue to highlight. So those are the things that we’re going to continue to do to drive the profitability of the company and hopefully the share price higher.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. I mean, the only other thing I do want to add is, markets have been, as we all know, have been narrow, even inside the indexes, as has client demand, as has the amount of cash that remains sitting on the sideline. So there are some positive things that we think as clarity comes into the markets at a greater rate, we’ll start to see demand broaden out.
Andrew Schlossberg: And maybe I’ll -- look in terms of growth, what we mentioned this quarter in the credit side, our bank loans and floating rate strategies continue to be in demand and we’re one of the market leaders in that space across all vehicle types and we don’t see that abating. And then on the Real Estate side, the greatest opportunity for us in terms of growth right now is taking what’s largely been an institutional recognized franchise and bringing it into the wealth space as we’ve been talking about. And we have a few strategies in market right now that I mentioned earlier, our Real Estate equity strategy and then also more recently, our Real Estate debt strategy. Both of those products have been in the market for a few years now. The debt one more recently and they’re well picked up by wealth platforms and continue to be picked up by wealth platforms. So as demand continues in that space, we think we can be a pretty active participant.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. We continue to also invest behind these growth capabilities that we’ve been mentioning the last several quarters and we’ve been able to do that at a -- from a net standpoint, as you see in the results and we’re really seeking to create an organization that’s more flexible, an organization that’s more streamlined and focused that allows us to rotate that expense base where we need to in different market conditions, but with the long-term in mind.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. I mean, let me talk about both. On the SMA platform, as I mentioned, it’s now grown to about $23 billion, which is which is multiples higher than just a few years ago. The immediate success that we’ve been having is in the fixed income space, where there’s been decent demand and a lot less supply of offering and we’re seeing that kind of across the piece and fixed income. More recently, we’ve been introducing custom indexes and elements of the active strategies, which have had a slower pick up where there’s more supply in the market. But we think off the backdrop of what we’ve built, there’s opportunity there. And then in time, we think the SMA platform like the ETF is going to continue to be a preferred vehicle, which will allow us to bring other strategies -- fundamental strategies or other fundamental and quantitatively developed strategies together into that SMA platform. So we’re -- we think we’re in early stages of growth in SMAs and I think going to the way the technology and operational platforms set up now in a more modern way, it scales a lot better than SMA businesses did a decade or two ago. On active ETFs, we’ve been in that space, we’ve been one of the pioneers in active ETFs starting as far back as 10 years to 15 years ago. We have -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we have about $25 billion of AUM that has an active team connected to it, which doesn’t mean just active funds. So about half of that is in active ETFs in the classically defined sense and the other half is passive oriented strategies, but supported by or working with one of our investment, active investment teams, things like Multi-Asset or Bank Loans are examples of that. And we continue to think that the ETF chassis and which we’re large and scaled in is going to continue to bring in not just traditional active strategies, but also alternative active strategies, meaning ones that combine fundamental and quantitative approaches. And we think we’re set up well to be a leader there, given the quality of our active, the depth of our ETF range and the recognition I think we have on the wealth platforms, which will drive this growth. So, it -- both areas are vehicles that we’re excited about and I think there’s a lot of opportunity to bring our capability to.
Andrew Schlossberg: Great. Let me -- I’ll start and then, Allison, can pick up. Two different components of our Indian business that are -- our Indian profile that are worth mentioning. We use India as a very large enterprise back office, middle office center, and that’s been phenomenal for us in a place where we’re going to continue to invest behind and continue to -- it will be one of the places that helps us streamline the cost base over time. Separate to that, we have an Indian Fund business and what we announced in the last few weeks was that we were forming a joint venture with a large Indian business called Hinduja Group. And Hinduja Group is bought 60% of our interest, so we’ll have a minority interest and Hinduja is well recognized company in India and also financial services company in India, which we think in a combined way can help us grow and accelerate the pace of development that we have there and we can we’re better suited as a minority interest in that regard. And those are the sorts of things I think you could think about as we continue to go market-by-market, looking for ways to both grow and to think about where we deploy our resources, capital and operating expense.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yeah. Let me start and Allison can pick up on that last part in particular. It’s very much driven by client demand. And what I mean by that is, where there is interest in fundamental strategies that are the same or similar to ones that we offer today, we’ll offer them and we’ll bring them forward. We haven’t seen that so much to-date. They’ve either been a new strategy or a variant of, but we’ll continue to bring the best capabilities we have into the active ETF wrapper where it completely makes sense. You’re going to see some of that, I think, in the industry come through conversions. You’re going to see some of that come as cloned or as newly originated funds. But I think, ultimately, you’re really going to see the ETF as a preferred wrapper for many investors to have lots of different ways of deploying active into it. As I was saying before, some fundamental, some quantitative, some that are going to be a variety of both. So I think there’s going to be a decent amount of product development and I think each firm is going to have a different strategy on it. We’ve got some of the unique attributes that I mentioned and you’ll probably see all the above from us. In terms of the fee rates and where they’re included, I’ll leave it to Allison.
Andrew Schlossberg: Really across all parts. I mean, we often talk about product when we -- in origination, new product or scaling existing products. But there’s the whole ecosystem behind it, which as we get larger, allows us to continue to have operating leverage. Technology plays a big part. Operations plays a big part. Capital markets plays a big part. And I think these are some of the advantages we have of having been in the ETF business for multiple decades on having the size and scale we have. So, it does scale well and incremental margin should improve over time.
Andrew Schlossberg: And Craig, you can see some of that on Page 13 in the appendix. We show it on a sourced flow perspective.
Andrew Schlossberg: Thank you. All right. Well, thanks to everybody for joining. And in closing, I really want to reiterate that we’re well positioned to help clients navigate the impact of evolving market dynamics and subsequent change to their portfolios. And we very much believe that as market sentiment improves, this should translate into even greater scale performance and improved profitability. Given the work we’ve done to strengthen our ability to anticipate, understand and meet evolving client needs, I’m very excited for the future of Invesco. I want to thank everybody for joining the call today and please reach out to our Investor Relations team for any additional questions and we continue to appreciate your interest in Invesco and look forward to speaking again very soon. Thank you.
