Marty Flanagan: Yeah. I will make a couple of comments. Look, I mean, if you just look at the franchises, Allison, went through, I mean, has evolved enormously over the last -- from when we got into 2006 and it is an absolute source of trend and the fundamental strength really as the non-cap weighted part of the business and product innovation and development is as fundamental to success in ETF business. So, we anticipate that to continue. And -- yeah, and again, I think, the results speak for themselves and we would anticipate that to continue as we go forward. Sound if that’s helpful, Brian.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. Look, it’s a great point and it is a contrast, right? But there is definitely a sentiment headwind both in China and in Europe, and I’d say, largely for different reasons, right? It is really the Russia-Ukraine situation, which is quite acute on a comment and at the U.K. It has, I’d say, the first element was a slowdown and people sort of moving more towards risk off. We will just have to see as we go forward. It is just so hard to predict if it sort of settles into -- still a horrible situation, but you could see some sentiment sort of balance out there. With China, routes are different. I mean, it is COVID and this is -- they are in the worst situation with COVID since the beginning and that has definitely impacted sentiment and it is impacting flows from really Equity products, Fixed Income products and we continue to be in flows there. But again, I think it’s an economy that the leadership is very focused on and they want growth, they need growth and anticipate they are going to do what they need to support the growth in China.
Marty Flanagan: And I’d add to it, Brennan, it’s the right question to ask and you continue to be focused on it and we as a team, too. But you have to ask the question hand-in-hand with profitability and I think what we have demonstrated is that, we have been continuing to drive profitability with this movement in Phoenix and internally, and Allison talked about it, we continue to make sure our resources are aligned are right sized against where we are seeing the profitability within the organization, and again, I think, that said, that look back from 2020 forward, I think, demonstrates that we have been able to do that and we intend to continue to do that, too.
Marty Flanagan: I will make a couple of comments and give to Allison. Look, I think, you are hitting out on the high points. The first thing you have to do to be successful is you can cost cut yourself to success. We have been very focused on it over the last few years, as Allison has spoken, too. But really, we are in a position where driving the resources against things that really matter for the future. That’s what we have been doing and also in this environment of what matters of clients and employees, ensuring that we are keeping that right balance where clients continue to have confidence in us as an organization, and quite frankly, the talent in the organization to keep some energized against generating the results. And so, that is something that we continue to be very focused on and we will continue to do it. But ensuring that we are being responsible and I will stop and have, Allison, pick up on that and make some comments.
Marty Flanagan: I will make a couple of comments, and Allison will also. So, Glenn, you are hitting on really the topic. I mean, so where we have seen flows. Allison sit in the high marketing our Fixed Income, short duration bank loans. We have a very strong commodity suite within the ETF business. We have had that for a very long time and it’s really just, in this market has become quite popular, as you would imagine, real assets is another one, direct real estate, it will continue to be an opportunity for us. Quite frankly, we are seeing marked improvement in our value equity capabilities and that’s sort of in an asset class over the last decade. There’s not been a lot of interest. We will have to see what the client demand is for that, but strong investment performance coming on the back of it. So, again, what we are going to -- it’s really the breadth of this product line up that is sort of one answer to the marketplace and I think we are well suited for the environment that we are going to go into it.
Marty Flanagan: Again, it’s a very strong relationship strategically and we are both looking for ways that we continue to mutually benefit from the relationship as we go forward.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. Let me make a couple comments and that look you are hitting on the most important part and from the beginning we have had management control and that’s really why we have been successful and that has really been the competitive differentiator with us versus many of our competitors in the market. The reason for not getting to majority this in and out on COVID, it’s just not helpful, right? It’s just a lockdown and every time that we start to get too. It really was geopolitical elements, I’d say probably two years ago and it’s really been more of that COVID lockdown right now and until that comes down. I might been -- we are not going to get -- we are probably not going to get it done for a few quarters, we will just have to see how that goes. The desire is there on both parties, the pathway is something that we know what we want to accomplish and we will, in time, but I would not be worried about the risks associated with relationship. It is very strong and very well laid out for us as an owner.
Marty Flanagan: It’s a good question and I would really point to, right now, as Allison has been talking about just on this call, really private markets is a very important area for us and we have two fundamental strengths that we have been talking about and our head is focused on growing those organically right now. But if there was an opportunity in the alternative space that complemented our current portfolio, we would surely be very open minded to it. That would be the priority as we thought about M&A. But it’s -- we are not waiting to continue to build that business, we are continuing to invest in it.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. Let me talk about solutions. So it’s -- the client practice is very, very broad. It’s from corner office wealth management teams in the United States using the solutions capability to large sovereign wealth funds around the world. So it really serves all different types of clients in doing various different services for them. But as we said, it’s been fundamental to our success institutionally and very supportive of our wealth management business also.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. It -- so, look, where the fee pressure really comes in bulk beta, right? Where there’s any number of competitors and it’s easy to get into. Obviously, it’s dominated by a few. There’s just been less of that across the industry once you leave that and it’s largely, because there aren’t many dupilcative ETFs and they are generating the returns and the results that clients want, and I would say, as long as clients are feeling they are getting value for the ETFs, the fees will stay in place.
Marty Flanagan: Okay. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate the engagement in the discussion and have a good rest of the day. Much appreciated.
Allison Dukes: And I’d say, picking up on your question do we see a difference in sentiment between the U.K. and Continental Europe, I don’t think I’d point to a difference in sentiment related to the geopolitical issues going on there. I think if you look, it’s kind of peel back the results in the first quarter, the impact of the outflows on our GTR product are felt most acutely in the U.K., as the majority of that is based in the U.K., some headwind in Continental Europe. But in terms of sentiment, a little bit of a shift -- a bit of a risk-off sentiment and a shift in the commodities, which is certainly driving some of the strength in our ETF flows in the first quarter, but I wouldn’t point to any major differences between the two areas.
Allison Dukes: I will do my best, Brennan, to take a stab at that. It is rather difficult as you know. Maybe I will start with just a reminder that the net revenue drivers are always going to be organic growth mix of flows in AUM and market dynamics. Over the last year, we have also had the impact of money market fee waivers, which as I noted, we expect that to be going away. But trying to unpack that and develop a view around where we see it going over the next quarter or two is very difficult, maybe kind of again separating what are some of the trends we see. But if we look at, in particular, the decline in our active net revenue yield and we do provide some additional disclosures around active versus passive net revenue yield in the appendix of the presentation this quarter. I think some of what we see there is just this divergent market beta, where both our emerging markets and China equities have underperformed relative to the developed market indices, and so that’s put real pressure on our active net revenue yield. We have also seen outflows, particularly in developing markets and some of our other higher fee Active Equity products, while experiencing inflows into Active Fixed Income, which, of course, are going to be on the lower end of the fee range. Then, you look at the passive net revenue yield and some of the declines there and that’s really a more, I’d say, recent impact of some of the really sizable low fee large institutional Index mandates that we put into the AUM mix last year, think IOOF, as well as some of the growth of our ETFs in EMEA and the Innovation Suite, which while the Innovation Suite is fee generating, it will be on the slightly lower end of our passive fee rate. So those are some of the trends that we are experiencing. I think the biggest issue looking forward will absolutely be market dynamics, as I think about, what we could expect in the second quarter and third quarter.
Allison Dukes: Yeah. Thanks, Marty. So, a couple of things. One, just a reminder, our expense base is about a third variable and two-thirds fixed. So when we think about that variable component of the expense base, it just can’t react fast enough when you have a pretty strong market downdraft, like what we experienced late February and through March, and of course, we continue to experience that as we make our way through April. So it takes some time for that variablized expense base to fully catch up to the lower revenue. And at the same time, two-thirds of our expense base is fixed, and I think, that’s an area where we have been spending a lot of time. As you know, the last couple of years, really thinking about our overall cost structure and making some choices as we think about how to continue to shift that and lighten up some of the cost structure and we have made really good progress we believe, where the $193 million of that expense base really well addressed over these last couple of years. Getting back to your observations on comp. Comp is well managed, because we have been just really thoughtful and disciplined around headcount over the last year or so. And so while there is seasonality in our compensation expense in the first quarter and it does tend around $20 million, $25 million higher than the fourth quarter, comp was pretty well managed against that as we look at headcount, and of course, the variable part of our compensation expense reflects the lower revenue we experienced in the first quarter as well. As I think about the rest of our expense base, you see where we have continued to make some progress on our facilities expense. We will continue to address our facilities portfolio overall, as we just think about our footprint and the role the office plays in our future and take advantage of some opportunities there. But the other thing I’d point to, as we have been experiencing, that’s very low to no travel environment for some time now, and as I think about our expense base going into the second quarter and beyond, I do expect we will continue to see some pickup in activity. We saw some pickup in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. We get the start-stop as we all understand from kind of country-to-country and region-to-region. We still remain completely closed in China, as an example, but we are seeing travel really start to pick back up and clients wanting to see us again across North America and Europe. And so, with that, I expect a little bit of pickup in activity. I do not expect us to get back to pre-COVID levels for a variety of reasons, but I do expect it to be -- to trend just a little bit higher from here. Long way of saying, while we do think there will continue to be this market pressure and revenue pressure, we will be thoughtful and selective in managing our expense base, but not major reactive, because it’s really important that we continue to invest for the business that we expect will be here a year from now, despite from the geopolitical tension we experience right this on.
Allison Dukes: I’d say it’s ongoing, because leases are -- they are rolling and so as we have the opportunity to make decisions, we have being thoughtful and selective, just given that we work in a different environment than we would have a few years ago. So, that’s going to be an ongoing opportunity and I point just beyond our facilities portfolio to a lot of components of our expense base as opportunities arise to address that and we are going to be very thoughtful about where we continue to invest and where we may be able to free that up to invest somewhere else.
Allison Dukes: And the only thing I’d add to that is just, not surprisingly, investors are going to be looking for more floating rate credit sensitive assets and that’s really what you see driving the strength than our senior loan flows and where we would continue to see demand. And I think it’s, again, the breadth of the capabilities we have there, well positioned to capture that demand.
Allison Dukes: Yeah. Let me start with, when you look at our non-GAAP results, we look at that in terms of revenue you see 100% and then below the line we back out the 51%, we don’t know. So we can spend some time walking through that making sure that’s clear. But that’s how it’s reflected in the P&L. So you see 100% on the topline, but by the time you get to the bottomline, we reflect 49% of our ownership.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I think, in general, we would love to see cash be somewhere around, and I mean, in generality tier, $1.5 billion or so. That just puts us in a nice comfortable position beyond our regulatory requirement to have cash for opportunistic needs and also whether any downturns. And I do think, as we think about this year, we are cautious not knowing what the environment might hold from this point forward. We are watching closely and we are going to be -- we are going to air on the side of conservativity as we think about the impact the market might have on our overall revenue dynamics and cash position. So I don’t know if we are husbanding cash so much as being very thoughtful and prudent as we think about our balance sheet and keeping our balance sheet in a very strong position. We are operating in a different environment than we were two years ago. When I think about the first quarter of 2020 and how much pressure that put on our balance sheet and on our profile overall, we are in a much, much stronger position two years later because of the work that we have done and because of our prudent approach to the balance sheet and this would not be the time to back off that strategy.
Allison Dukes: All right. Let me try to take that maybe in reverse order. On the transaction fee, I think, you are pointing to that $10 million transaction fee that we noted as in other revenue and that’s really a property disposition fee within private real estate. And so net inflows were about $300 million in real estate, but there’s, obviously, transaction activity behind that and was pretty broad across the platform. I think we commented on the acquisition activity it was about $2.1 billion in the quarter, but the realization, which is what can trigger the property disposition fees was about $1.8 billion in the quarter. And so, yeah, from time-to-time, you are going to trigger some of those property disposition fees. I don’t know if we could point to normal, because it’s going to be somewhat episodic and nature, depending on the nature of those dispositions. And then, I think, I will add on to that, it’s important just to remember that a large percentage of that AUM through realization doesn’t actually leave Invesco. It’s really redeployed into new properties. And so I don’t know if I’d point to that as normal or something we should expect quarter-to-quarter. As I think about just, again, coming back then to the part of your question around our real estate portfolio, it’s pretty well-positioned and well-diversified across the different real estate classes, multifamily, office, industrial, retail. We have obviously been quite thoughtful over the last few years, given some of the various pressures on some of those categories. It’s also well diversified across regions. It is a global business. And so, our strategy is not to be too concentrated at any one particular area or asset class and I think they are -- we feel like they are pretty strong growth profile, growth dynamics for that one going forward.
Allison Dukes: And I think, Dan, maybe coming to the other part of your question there, part of what we are seeing in terms of the growth and active equities in the pipeline would be driven by China and some of the institutional mandates that we are seeing through our JV there. I would point to, I mean, you note the pickup and just the overall component of active equity, not surprisingly. As a result, I’d say, the average fee rate of the one non-funded pipeline, well, it continues to be within a range of high 20s, low 30s. It’s on the high end of that range as you would expect and our alternatives mandates continue to grow there as well. So the pipeline is shaping up quite nicely. It’s certainly a leading indicator, we believe, of future AUM growth and we are pleased with how that’s shaping up. The pull-through this quarter was a little bit lower than usual, somewhat in the normal range, but lower as we just saw some pushing of those mandates out, given some of the geopolitical risks and a little bit of a pause on that, but the pipeline itself is shaping up quite nicely.
Allison Dukes: And in the bulk beta side, there’s just very little -- there are very few ways to compete other than through fees and in the states in which we operate, there is the opportunity to differentiate. And so, I don’t know that we would say the fee pressure is lagging, because you really can’t create a differentiated product offering there.
Allison Dukes: I would always love to see it go more towards variable and if we had that opportunity, we will push everything we can. But it’s not totally realistic. So, I think, the opportunity we have is just really longer term and it’s broader based. As we think about the fact that our business continues to shift and you see that through everything we have discussed this morning and the real demand for our passive capabilities, it’s creating a fundamental shift and just the revenue dynamics of our business, aand against that, we have got to be very thoughtful about positioning the chassis of our expense base. And so some elements of that are going to be fixed, but we have got to address even the fixed components to really reflect where demand is today and where we expect it’s going to continue to be three years, four years, five years from now and where we have the opportunity to variabilize the expense base, we will. Compensation is a pretty highly variable component of our expense base. We are a people driven business and we will continue to be a people driven business. And so, that gives us opportunity, but we are thoughtful about how we use that opportunity as well. So it’s hard to say exactly where else we can go, but I think the biggest thing we can do is continue to address some of our fixed costs. I will point back to the property portfolio as an example of that as we think about facilities and the opportunity we have to take some fixed cost out. That’s how we are thinking about really adjusting the operating expense base going forward.
Allison Dukes: That’s hard to say, of course, given the inflationary environment we are operating in. I think in a lot of ways inflation doesn’t hit us in quite the same way it hits other industries. But I am not sure we felt it entirely yet either. I will point to travel as an example of that. I think the inflationary pressure on travel is going to find its way back into our expense base and that of others. I just don’t know how long that environment might persist or whether or not it resets to some new level that we have to contend with. I think we can manage our expense base reasonably well, again putting aside market, and the real unknown is just the overall macroeconomic environment and the inflationary impact on the expense base. I think that’s the bigger, probably, pressure, I am not going to call it risk, but upward pressure on our expense base as we think about just managing our business going forward.
