Marty Flanagan: Thanks Ken. So look, everything at the time of the announcement that we talked about, the landscape in Europe advancing, MiFID being very supportive of ETFs being even a more important part of the investing landscape, it's all in place. So we think it's going to result in a very important business for us. So nothing has changed there, we are just moving strongly ahead. As I mentioned earlier, the integration has gone very-very well. It's a very talented group of people. It really is complementary to what we have. So we think we are going to see the results that we talked about. And from a marketing point of view, again, it just expands what we have been doing as an organization, using a combination of active-passive and alternatives. So again, very-very supportive. Let me back up even more, before I come back down to it. As a firm, I talked about the flows and the consistency of the flows. We have a stated target of 3% to 5% organic growth rate. We are absolutely focused on driving gross sales to get the net flows that we want, and we are pulling every lever that you can imagine. So focus on distribution excellence, so not just limit it to Source, but throughout the organization, retail, institutional and also looking very much at the brand positioning of the firm and anything that we can do to further strengthen, ultimately outcomes for clients, resulting in net flows is what we will do. But again, Source becomes a very important part of our overall global ETF business, and again, nothing has changed from what we thought at the time of the announcement.
Marty Flanagan: Right. I think the point is also though, the full impact is included in the guidance that you gave in G&A for this --
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. So I think you have to look to 2019, right? So I keep coming back to -- it's very exciting. We think this is a strategic competitive strength that we are developing. We think it will be -- really enhance our business in the future, but again, these are just -- it's just low. I mean, from the standpoint of implementation, it is -- it is just the nature of what it is. But again, we couldn't be more excited about what's developing.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. I would be a little careful, because the [indiscernible] announcement. But I mean from regional banks to very large banks, it is really quite broad. So it's, again, something that we think is a very important development for us and the partnership between ourselves and the banks seem to line up very-very nicely.
Marty Flanagan: [Indiscernible], because I have not heard about it. Sorry about that. I wish I had more color. I just don't.
Marty Flanagan: Look I -- it's an important business for us. We think it's a growth opportunity for -- there is a need. There always has been a need, there will continue to be a need. But really what's happened then, though you know this well as anybody, the consolidation of the players has just been striking with the money fund reform. And so, they are just -- have lost track of the numbers, but down by 50% of the people, who have spiked down more than that right now. So to be in the business, you have to be really committed to it. You have to have some scale, and we think it's an important business for us, we do it very well.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. Your question almost summarized it very well. We continue to -- again, it is a fact, the big platforms are narrowing, who they are working with and the number of funds. So far, we have done quite well through that. We expect to do that in the future. That's not to say that our smaller funds or underperforming funds are going to suffer during that. But it tends to be a very-very small percentage of our assets under management. So you can contrast that to our ETF business. I think really what's important is, as you would imagine, we have a very strong conviction. I mean, the opportunity of factor and [indiscernible] smart-beta, and it has really not been fully embraced by the platforms yet. But we are already starting to see more of our ETFs, just really in the last quarter, start to go on to these platforms. So again, we are early days in the opportunity. And so we really do strongly believe that, the strength of the firm is really kind of a -- the range of the factor capability with our alternatives and traditional active capabilities to the platform. So far so good, we are confident about the future.
Marty Flanagan: Look, I think we are as well positioned as any manager in China. If you look at the institutional, you'd probably point to China as being one of the absolute strengths. We have multiple mandates with all the organizations there, institutions that we'd want. The joint venture is very-very strong in China, and it just continues to get stronger. We have the same view that you do. We look at the next three to five years, as a huge opportunity, and we have been there for almost 20 years now, and longevity and knowledge and experience really does matter in that market. And we think that's a very important opportunity for us and we intend to continue to pursue it.
Marty Flanagan: It's a good question. The flow, since, whatever, the market bottom in 2009 has really been cap-weighted indexes and we can all identify the issues with cap weighted indexes in this market too. I think back to this concern that I have and I think others, that too many people aren't understanding the risks that they are taking within the cap weighted indexes today. That said, that's your question. More and more what are we seeing clients do, and it doesn't matter if it's a retail client or a large institution. More and more, they are building their portfolios, with a combination of, just want to call it, cap-weighted factor based, [indiscernible] act as an alternative, and they are moving up the risk-return spectrum, and what correlates to that, is the level of fees. And so it is the way of the future, and that's very consistent with our effort and Solutions also. So it's really a combination of the breadth of capabilities we have, the Solutions capabilities put together, and really I mean, the clients, not just to build the portfolios they want, but just also be responsive to the totality of the effective fee rate that they want to build. So what we are seeing and coming back to what I said earlier, the bulk of, if you are going to say, in the ETFs in particular and the retail channel specifically, the platforms have been focused on cap-weighted indexes over the past decade. Every single one of them have turned their attention to factor they look at as an important tool and building blocks for their advisors going forward. But it is really having the muscle memory, and the skill to just wanting to intellectually understand it. It's another thing to put it in a manner, that financial advisors can build the portfolios that they want. So again, this goes back to our factor capability that I had mentioned -- sorry, the Solutions capability, and we are actually seeing success with it on the Wealth Management platforms, because there is a need to do that. And again, we are seeing this type of thing actually in China, some of the insurance companies are looking for organizations that can help them build these portfolios very holistically. So I'd say early days with the success, and again within factors in particular or smart beta with an ETF, by the time Guggenheim closes, we will be the second largest active player, very close to the top player, and we think it's again, an important part of our future.
Marty Flanagan: I guess, 2019. And again, so this is really -- the point is connecting all the dots. And what is Jemstep, it is open platform for the platforms. It really helps the -- helping the financial advisors within our partner clients, but also what they have asked for, many of them -- we have built many-many models, a combination of active and passive and just factor based alone. So again, it's going to be these models that are available on these platforms through Jemstep. So again, it's a combination of all of these things, but really, put us uniquely in a position to where we think our clients are moving. And I think it's very hard to turn a switch and catch-up to do all the things that we are doing right now.
Marty Flanagan: Maybe I will take the equity piece of line, and you take the fixed income. I think what you are seeing, largely, if you look at our value suite, it is from where it has been historically, a lot of investments in the dividend strategies. What you have seen with some of the markets with the relative performance falling off, that has been traded off to really the deep value capabilities, just getting much stronger. And again, we have said that all along. It is something that we have anticipated and we would anticipate the flows to switch accordingly. Though again, as you would predict, that's what we are beginning to see.
Marty Flanagan: Let me answer that; and the way to think about it for us as an organization, I mean, I was talking about this earlier. So if you just think about the continuum of investment capabilities from upgraded indexes being very low fee, so you get what you paid for, and factor higher fee, high conviction, active higher alternative higher fee again. And so, when you see the mix of our business changing, where with the acquisitions of Guggenheim and Source and to factor sort of lower effective fee rate, but it's the response of the clients and it is a much more scaled business, where there is limited capabilities at some point with active capabilities, you know you close them down. So it's really, we think what's important about our business is, a range of capabilities and the fees that we have, they are competitive fees, and I think that's the other point, right? So you need that competitive fees and you have to have that continuum to meet the client needs. So that's really what Loren is getting to, where if you just looked in at our overall fee rate, it's quite difficult to ascertain and that it really gets back to the thing that Loren has pointed out, is our overall margin, as we are building the --
Marty Flanagan: No We know what you know, right? You have seen the public dialogs. I think just back to what Loren said, it created a complicated situation, the MiFID regulation versus the U.S. regulation, that's where you had really all the debates, publicly. I would just come back to what do we do? We are a responsible consumer of research. We will continue to be. We are well aware of the possibility of becoming a global event. And it is something that we think we will do very well, and I'd come back to. The good news is, a firm like us, we are in a position to do quite well with changes like that. The bad news is, if you are not a firm with scale, you are really disadvantaged, and I don't think that's a great outcome, but it is a fact of the matter. So we really don't know what the outcome is going to be, but we are adopting all the techniques that we did during MiFID, globally for us as a firm. So I wish I could be more specific.
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. It's a good question. I can't say that I have any -- I have not picked up sort of the energy that you are describing. But I think a lot of institutional clients, I mean, they tend to have a longer term view and to react to that quickly, to environments like this. But I wish I had some more insights, but I really don't.
Marty Flanagan: That's a very good point. That's probably a good way to expand your opportunity with ETR and the likes. So I guess at some level, outside the conversations, individuals are -- institutions are really -- sort of both want to [indiscernible].
Marty Flanagan: Yeah. It's a good question. We would look forward to that problem. But [indiscernible], our intention is this. So underlying -- the fundamental fact is, the global diversification of the institution, the global retail institutional channels and the asset mix, those are underpins that will not change and I think that is really what is going to continue to keep this low volatility. Our focus is really by -- if we do a good job for clients, driving the gross number up and that is our focus. I really don't think you are going to all of a sudden see a switch to a very volatile environment. Now we all do know, the good news is when you win a large institutional mandate, you are very excited about it and then when you get terminated, you are less excited about it, because of the banks. But that is just the nature of what it is.
Marty Flanagan: Let me try to address some of it. So what are the factors that the platforms are looking at, it's really what they determine of the asset classes that they want on their platforms. They are looking at the quality of the managers, the historical performance and the competitive fee rates. And that is criteria, generally that is used, and also, once they get beyond a specific, if there is a -- if they can end up using fewer providers, that is also a factor, so those are sort of the criteria that we are judged on and we have done quite well. Taking on top of just the fund-by-fund analysis and I am going to lose track of the magnitude. But the last update I had on some of the platforms, more than a third of the managers, in total have been terminated. So it's just not a fund consolidation, but a manager consolidation at the same time. So that has been so -- I'd be repeating myself a little bit from the prior conversation. So it is the totality of the offering, so it's just not mutual funds, it is ETFs, it is also alternative capabilities, all of which that we have. So again, if we continue to have high quality capabilities, and we conserve our clients, which I think we do well, and we will continue to be one of the firms that will do quite well out of this. I think the other part of the focus, where the focus has not turned to, those managers that remain on the platform will be net beneficiaries, because of the obvious, there will be fewer managers and money will ultimately go to the managers and remain on. Now, that's not going to happen quickly, because your math -- [indiscernible] your math, if you have been taken off the platform, the client is not forced out of their holdings, which is exactly the right way to do it. So again, I don't know if I am telling anything you don't know, but that's our analysis.
Marty Flanagan: We do. And I think going back to my comments. If you just follow the notion of taking the investment capability and what are the returns are those meant to generate, so you just follow that right? Cap weighted index, which you shouldn't get much for it, it doesn't do much right. It was an exposure, it's important, a lot of money is gone into it. Probably too much money has gone into it. And I think also importantly, just because you launch an ETF, doesn't mean you are good at it. And I think there has been a lot of ETFs that will just fail. There is a low barrier to entry, a very high barrier to success, and it's much more than launching an ETF. And if you look at our smart beta ETF, it's one of the broadest range of ETFs with long track records. So 10 year track records, and I think that's also what is important. And it's just not the fee itself, it's also the liquidity with the ETFs, and I think that also has lost on a lot of people. So it really makes it difficult for new entrants and so if you have a long track record and some liquidity, it's a really important set of combinations, when you consider what clients are ultimately looking for. And so I think that bodes very well for factor investing as you look to the future on these [indiscernible].
Loren Starr: And the one thing I would mention too, is I know our institutional salespeople are extremely excited about the prospect of using ETFs within the Solutions context. It's something that is not really had available to them, and so, as we have added more resources around Solutions and being able to provide Solutions to institutions, the ETF business is absolutely factoring into those conversations. So again, it's a little bit early days to say, where it's going. But it's absolutely becoming a different part of the conversation than we have been able to have in the past.
Loren Starr: Yeah. Ken, I mean, if it's any indication, I know we don't get into exact numbers, but our one, not funded pipeline is up 34% through the course of 2017. The fee rates is well above the firm's overall fee rate, up 35% higher than the firm's overall fee rate. I think again, good news, we have seen outflows have been a little bit of a topic around the institutional business. The things that we see in terms of termination are down 33% versus last year, so down significantly. And by the way, the fee rate on what is likely to terminate is about 45% lower than the overall firm's fee rate. So significantly lower impact in terms of the outflows versus the ones coming in. So I mean, based on what we are seeing, and by the way, that is robustly distributed across all our regions, both U.S., Asia and Europe, it's extremely good. The other thing I'd say that's even more exciting just to look at, is another category of things that we track around qualified opportunities. And so those are active dialogs that we are having with our clients and that is at an all time record, double, literally versus where it was last year, and probably the largest growth right now is happening in Europe and then Asia as well. So very-very exciting with what's happening. Lot of resources have been -- continue to be added to our institutional business, and it is certainly seeming to pay off. So again I can't tell you exactly which quarter. And again, the line of site to things flowing, which was a lot of things in the fourth quarter moved into the first quarter, just because we felt that might happen with some volatility, and I believe it is happening. So we certainly would expect to see some near term benefits from some of those mandates going into Q1.
Loren Starr: I think the first part of your question got a little bit cut off. But I heard your question about providing detail around capital gains and the reinvestments at a more detailed level. We can certainly look at that. Some of it is hard to actually obtain, because of -- we don't sell to third parties, and so getting the data that we just got, took a long time. So it is something that we can aspire to, to try to give you more detail. We did do that, of course, because we felt that it was more consistent with some of the largest industry peers that we have done, and we will look to see, if we can get more details, that's helpful.
Loren Starr: Yeah we have -- absolutely. We are not trying to do anything cute [ph] by distributing this. I think we can get you more detail.
Loren Starr: Well we said, in terms of the payment of hard dollars for research, we have said tens of millions, which is the quantification, not very specific, because it is a very dynamic and fluid discussion, as we go through this process. So I will leave it at that, other than, it is our hope and certainly early indications may prove out that it's not just a hope, that some of the costs associated with payments for hard research may decline over time, as the industry kind of corrects and adjusts and reaches an equilibrium level, in terms of pricing for research.
Loren Starr: Absolutely. Yeah. So we have included that tens of millions impact in the G&A line item, which is where it sits today and that's at a reduced level versus Q4.
Loren Starr: It has certainly grown. I think it's at relatively $40 billion in size versus 27 something when we announced.
Loren Starr: I am sorry. $37 billion, excuse me. I think in terms of flows, since announcement, it's about $700 million of long term flows, which is roughly in line with where it was historically. I think it actually, prior to the announcement, it may have gone negative, and then it seems to improve a little bit. Obviously, there is not anything we can do to improve the flows right now. We certainly believe that once it becomes part of Invesco, we are going to be able to accelerate its growth trajectory significantly, and that is our hope and our plan. Right now, it's more than tracking, what we hoped in terms of a higher AUM level.
Loren Starr: That's the total pipeline for all of Invesco. But as I mentioned, it's about a third in each region.
Loren Starr: So Guggenheim is, as we said, is coming in at incremental margin about 85% we are assuming is coming in, really at the beginning of Q2. Total expenses associated with Guggenheim are a little in excess of $10 million for that period of time. So that's one element of the spending, and that's coming through. The other amounts of investment are sort of incremental to that, related to funding the growth in Jemstep, institutionals, factor-based, these are the things that Marty was talking about earlier, as well as further growth of our existing ETF business above and beyond just the Guggenheim business, to name a few. And that's ultimately what's driving down the incremental margin, by roughly, no more than 10 percentage points for the year. So hopefully, that gives you some color of what that is. I do think, revenue trajectory, because of the mix of the products that we are selling, also hope to accelerate the growth, is what's going to be driving our margin expansion going into 2019 and beyond.
Loren Starr: Yes it does. And good that you bring that up, because I do think there is typically a first quarter impact that you see there, and that will happen again this quarter.
Loren Starr: Well that noise always will be there, every year. So I am not sure, if it's something to factor in. So again, unfortunately, I don't have the exact calculation. Certainly [ph] something we could develop. But I can't imagine it's more than a percentage point.
Loren Starr: Well on the G&A, I mean, that's a run rate elementary [indiscernible] for research. Again, there may be some benefit over some period of time, as those numbers drop. But that includes the tens of millions. In the property, office and tech, this is really related to what we need to ultimately pay our third party provider, who helps us with a lot of the transfer agency services and so forth. And unfortunately that does not go away, that is a run rate as well, that gets just -- the cost of business has gone up due to MiFID II. So I'd like to reflect it in that guidance, that we gave you over $102 million to $104 million per quarter. So unless the regulations themselves change or get sort of -- made less stringent, I think that number is a good one.
Loren Starr: Yeah. I mean, it largely offsets one another. The value of the tax yield is half the value. Obviously, that was, like I think roughly $30 million in tax benefit a year. But obviously the value of the purely U.S. based operating income is significantly more. So it ultimately is not impactful to the full value of the business to us, if it goes off [indiscernible].
Loren Starr: I mean, I think -- there is no impact really. They are both territorial. So it's an equal level playing field now, which I think is absolutely fine. Doesn't impact us, doesn't make us need to change where we are. Ultimately, I think we need to continue to look at what happened with legislation, understand it fully, before there is any reconsideration of do we like where we are domiciled or do we think about changing it. But it is something that certainly is on our radar screen.
Loren Starr: Your estimates really look out in the future a lot. I mean, all I can say is, in terms of our forecast and what we see, the good news is, I mean, expenses aren't accelerating through the course of 2018. We think they are roughly stable and fixed. I think that's very good news in terms of the expansion that we would expect to see in margin through the course of 2018, without any further benefit of market or foreign exchange. So I think for us, as it has always been, we see a fairly large incremental margin, more fixed than variable expenses. We have said, we have stated, that we have invested heavily around certain things. This is building out a run rate. But I'd say, that run rate, we think we are going to manage it, so it's going to be roughly, sort of flat expenses through the course of 2018, and you know, you are into margins that are well above 30% by the end of that year. So I mean, no market increase from here.
Loren Starr: I think the rate is, we have certainly looked at the potential of this regulation being applied on a more global basis and what that impact might be. Similar to what we did in Europe, when we saw this potentially happening, I mean, we had started to rationalize and effectively, optimize our use of research in advance of that. We are doing that right now in the U.S. and elsewhere. Again, without full view of this, actually will happen, but ultimately it could. So I think it'd be premature to put out a big number that really had no bearing on reality at this point. I mean, obviously it's more than my tens of millions. But I don't think it's anything that at all would be enormously material to our financial position, and if we see the sort of benefit of being able to take, what was a pretty large number when we first started in Europe and bring it down to something, maybe half the size. That would make me feel pretty comfortable, that it's not going to be a big deal to what happens in the U.S.
Loren Starr: Absolutely. With the same rigor and discipline that we are using in Europe, we are now applying into the U.S. and there is more to come and more work to be done. I don't want to declare victory at all. But it is something that we believe and everyone agrees, it makes sense for us to do here.
Loren Starr: Yeah, I think in the fixed income discussion, we were fortunate that we have a substantial amount of our assets, money markets, bank loans, all on a more floating type of basis. So they don't play necessarily, significantly impacted by rising interest rates. I think the part of our business that is more long duration, would be in Europe, where we have the corporate bond offshoring. But they tend to position their portfolio with lower duration. So on a relative basis, as and when rates start rising in Europe, that would be well positioned. So there isn't any significant exposure. We do have some core longer term fixed income. And also there is none that could be effective. But it's not a substantial part of our business. The majority of our business is actually more short term and floating, than it is -- and stable value is not a component of that by the way, which is in excess of $40 billion too. So also that helps.
Loren Starr: Yeah. I mean, I think we have a lot of things moving around in our mix. But I do believe, that given the significant growth on the institutional pipeline as we talked about, and certainly our cross border fund range, which is the fastest growing part of our business, certainly one of the fastest growing part of our business, is at a much higher fee rate than the firm overall. Our mix impact on revenue yield is actually a positive. But obviously, we are sort of going through some large step function changes with these acquisitions, that cloud trendlines. But I would say, the overall mix of the flows of the assets that are coming in, will still provide a higher list on our fee rate over the course of the years to come than being driven by more commoditized multi-product.
Loren Starr: We have said this before. I mean, the fee rate is one measure. But I mean, obviously the margin on some of these lower fee products are as good, if not better than the -- from an overall margin. So it requires scale and growth, which is what we plan to do with these products. So there is really a lot of things going on, that will drive cash flow or value going forward, and we are not trying to maximize fee rate, as a single kind of objective, if we will, we would probably not be as focused when going into ETFs and some institutional areas. But we do know that if we get good scale and growth, these things are going to provide huge upside on our margin.
Loren Starr: The only thing I could say, I mean, this seems to be just an increased appetite. So both on the retail and institutional side on asset allocation products. Ultimately it provides the flexibility and the nimbleness to navigate through these changes, which certainly are current in different ways in different parts of the regions that we operate in. So that is factoring in a big way, in terms of our pipeline of one not funded and potential opportunities, and certainly in some of our sort of recent positive activity around the retail side in the U.S. and also, I think asset allocation --
Loren Starr: I mean the other thing I would say is, we are obviously -- in terms of the low standard deviation, I'd say a function of just the breadth of the capabilities that we offer in different regions, and I would say we probably have one of the greatest breadth of capabilities of the peers that we compete with. And we also have very focused approach around managing the portfolio and the investment teams will close them down, when they see that performance is being impacted by too much growth. And so you are not going to have huge concentration of assets in any particular capability, just because of the nature of sort of diminishing returns to clients. So we do think, we will probably be always be at the low end of the volatility side. What we are really trying to do is, through greater capabilities and effectiveness on our institutional platforms and also, scaling the capabilities that we have on a more global basis, so we can move the growth rate up.
Loren Starr: Yeah. So in terms of this quarter, we saw mostly, coming from real estate. About half of it -- bank loans was -- about the rest of it between that and global asset allocation. So those were the primary drivers. In terms of the buildup for 2018 and the guidance that we gave, it's going to be a very similar profile. We believe it will be coming from the similar places we have seen in the past, and so, again, and we continue to grow each of these areas in a very nice way.
Loren Starr: So I think on U.K. retail is about $65 billion in total, and that is not all equity income, I think maybe less than half was equity income. So there is about 30 of that. Also we have some other places where that -- those products and that team operate. But it has become a much smaller part of the overall business, and in terms of impact, it has actually been really stable in performance, even though it's a little bit challenged, has not really driven outflows in the business in any material way. I mean, just -- I think, more than offset by what's going on in terms of the cross-border situation. So ultimately, there is some underperformance in that equity income capability, but it is certainly not stopping the growth of the overall U.K. retail business, given the GTR capabilities, the fixed income capabilities, pan-European equity capabilities. So at this point, certainly not creating enough business topic for us.
Loren Starr: Yeah. I mean, it would put us probably at the higher end of our aspirations of that range, sort of immediately versus the lower end because of that. So yeah, we certainly factor that into our thinking about, trying to get into that target. I mean, we have not reached that target, even with the capital gains investment. So we are feeling, in terms of getting to that level. So that I mean, we still think 3% to 5% would be a good place for us to get to.
Loren Starr: Well I think the flow picture, as I mentioned, we had a lot of one, but not funded business that probably is going to come into fourth quarter, that has -- that got moved into 2018, and so it was actually surprising how many things moved. And I think it was just a little bit of the volatility around tax rates and knowing what was going to happen versus not. So that's my explanation, is that there was uncertainty which caused a slowdown, which should then be offset by a pickup in Q1.
Loren Starr: I mean it's a good question. I mean, a lot of the funding will take six months, could be longer in terms of what they ultimately require to get done. So there has been some movement within the pipeline around timing. That was probably more than we had expected generally. So granted, I think we do not see as much materialize on the sales side on the institutional business in 2017, as we would have originally expected based on the pipelines that we were looking at. We could say, well that's maybe the case, and possibly it is, other than I'd say our themes seem far more -- feeling like they [indiscernible] that the business is going to fund in 2018.
Loren Starr: Yeah. I mean, it's largely the European business, so you'd have to look at the full value of that AUM, which is hundreds of billions.
