Martin Flanagan: Great, Loren and Mark, thank you very much. And let me just summarize the quarter before the questions. First of all, strong investment performance in the first quarter contributed to a continued trend of positive long-term net inflows for the firm. We're very pleased with the progress we've made in consolidating the funds related to the Morgan Stanley Retail Asset Management business combination with no merger-related outflows year-to-date. And given the firm's continued financial strength, we're raising the first quarter dividend to $0.1225 per share, 11.4% increase. And all in all, we think it was a very, very strong quarter. But why don't we stop now and the 3 of us will address any questions people have.
Martin Flanagan: Ken, it's Marty. Yes, it's just -- what Mark talked about really continues through the Retail channels too. Getting more model portfolios, continuing to get deeper, broader access relationships to key distributors within the United States. And again, all the -- if you want to call it, preconditions for continued success, increased net flows are very, very much in place. And the other area that we think we're very focused on as a firm too, is right now, we're probably in a top 10 position in Continental Europe. We're not happy with that, and we think we can be just much more successful there. So that's another area of our immediate focus over the next 6, 12 months. We're expecting to see some incremental strength coming out of that part of the world, too.
Martin Flanagan: Yes. There are very few products that are at capacity within the firm. As Mark talked about, one emerging market's capability is at capacity, couple of the small caps are at capacity, but there really is just an awful lot of capacity left within the firm. So we don't see that as a headwind for us, as an organization.
Martin Flanagan: Maybe start with the U.K. there, one of the macro environment in the U.K. has been a topic. But within it, again, we're just in very, very strong position as a firm, I think probably recognized as probably the top money manager there, somebody had mentioned the relative performance of the Equity Income products. I feel very, very good about them. If you look over beating peers over any relevant period, absolute returns during any relevant period, and again, just really, really tough, what hurts arguably the absolute top money manager in the United Kingdom, by one of the top money managers in the world, and just feel very, very good about where we're positioned there. So I feel very good about that. If you look at Canada by 2 topics: one, there is a -- it is different than anywhere else in the world right now. Actually Australia probably the same but the banks are very, very strong and they've done very, very well in money management with regard to vis-a-vis independent money managers. So that's a current trend within that, our Relic [ph] performance in Canada is improving in the core product, but I think very, very importantly, where we are seeing traction beyond that sort of traditional core retail businesses in ETF market in Canada is a competitive advantage for us there. And also looking, we have very little positions in the Institutional market in Canada, and we have just started in the past 6 months going into that market. And early days, we feel very, very good about the prospects for us in Canada. So in total, we think Canada is a very important market for us and will continue to do very well in time.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, a couple of points here. We're as focused on this as you are. And my point of view is this: You start with broad deep range of products that are performing well, and we absolutely have that. I mean, it is really very, very strong. And we now find ourselves in a position that we can be very, very helpful to the main distribution partners in multiple ways, whether it is the UITs, the ETFs or the open-ended mutual funds. And again, the strength of the performance is really important for us. The other reality though that I think is just clear is the truth of the matter is, Invesco, as a name brand, has not been in the Retail channel. It has not been known to the same degree as another firm that has been in it for 15 years. So we, as I've said in the past, from a standing start with same relative performance, somebody's been in the channel with the name brand for 15 years is going to outpace us at this time. We're working very, very hard to close that gap. And again, I feel we have all the talent on the ground. I feel we have great relations and the client base and people are also very, very strong. So I think, again, I think we're in a very strong position to do very well in time.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, we did -- it's quite a topic, isn't it? We did launch an active ETF, actually 3 of them now, I want to say it's 2007. And I should know the date off the top of my head. And with great fanfare and not a whole lot happened. And there's an industry discussion about the role of active ETFs and the like, and we'll see. My personal opinion right now is that not all asset classes are appropriate in the ETF wrapper. And if you think of most equity investors that are building positions, they're just not in a position to have their portfolios published everyday. And so I just don't think that you're going to see that be a very successful category within active ETFs. Now on the other side, fixed income and very, very liquid type portfolios and an active portfolio does make sense. But again, I come back to what we have, and these value-added ETFs it's further up the food chain away from beta products, if you would like to call it that. And we think that's a real sweet spot. It is for us now and we think it probably is for the industry for a period of time.
Martin Flanagan: We think it's not a lack of selling at all. We think the #1 driver of any redemption rate is going to be the demand for the products. And so to the extent that people are not wanting Muni products, we're going to suffer that as well as anybody else in the Muni space. In terms of domestic equities, sort of coming back, but I think it's still not as much as what we've seen in some the other equity categories or the hybrid categories, where we don't have as strong a footprint as others do. So I think it's just where we're positioned. It's probably the biggest element in terms of our outflow picture right now, combined with what Marty mentioned in terms of we're still building the name of the brand. But I mean, again, I think we have every reason to be very hopeful going forward because we don't think any of these elements are going to persist. I mean it's just going to get better and better. So it's hard to point to it other than say -- but in terms of our plan in sort of hitting the sales targets that we thought were realistic, we are tracking that very well now. So we're not at all uncomfortable with the results we're seeing on the sales side in terms of the redemption. That's where we look at us versus the industry rate and we say are we somehow an outlier. Are we doing something that's clearly different then, and I think we don't see that.
Martin Flanagan: The best that we can do, I can tell you, the feedback that we're getting across the distribution from head offices through the people in the field, we are positioned very, very well. The relationships are very, very strong and I believe we are doing all the right things. I think Loren's made a very important point. The more investors start to move into U.S. Equity funds, the better we will do. We're positioned very, very well against that as a firm. And again, Ken asked earlier we're getting into more models. And during this process, you get on hold when you go to your post merger process of the on-hold statuses. I think they've probably all have been eliminated right now, which is also very important thing. So we would think post all the mergers in the second quarter, we just have to be in a very good position to see increasing flows and participate in the industry in a real way.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, we absolutely are. And as Loren has said, consistent with our -- our plan has been very consistent with that. But what we -- and I think some of the questions that people have had, part of the question is do we think we're operating at peak growth sales, the answer is absolutely not. We expect it to accelerate and increase gross sales in the quarters ahead as, one, investors come back to the market and our positioning -- U.S. equities in particular for us, come back into the market and our position against that, we think we're positioned very, very well.
Martin Flanagan: Well, thank you very much, everybody, for your questions and interest, and again on behalf of Loren, Mark and myself, thank you very much, and we will talk to you next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
Loren Starr: Mike, I'll start with the active equities question. You're right, obviously, in terms of the areas you mentioned, really the theme is mostly concentrated in the area of Quants, which has been a theme for I think the entire industry where Quants has really not played large in terms of consultants' playbooks right now, and we've seen industry-wide outflows. We do feel cautiously optimistic about the category. It's one where performance has certainly come back and it's one where we think, ultimately, we'll see a resurgence. But that has been, by far, the way the majority of what has affected our active Equity category. And again, I would just point out that, that tends to be at a lower fee, too. So it's certainly is not active equities in U.S. Retail Mutual Funds that we're talking about here.
Loren Starr: Yes, I don't think we've ever gotten to great specifics. Mark, I don't know if you want to comment on that.
Loren Starr: And Mike, just in terms of the Retail question, absolutely we're tracking our plan in terms of the sales. I think we've been really pleased with sales, and we're seeing quarter-over-quarter growth in sales and we're seeing expectations of future growth begun, barring any market disasters. So the sales story has been very, very strong. Obviously, the things around that flows had somewhat to do with the redemption rates. And we still are seeing high redemption rates generally as with the industry in terms of the muni products and some other areas. So that's the theme that is a little harder to control. But in terms of kind of hitting the targets that we're looking to achieve, I'd say we're right on track.
Loren Starr: Mike, you absolutely are. I mean that's the way these types of products do work and so future fund launch would clearly offset any reduction. Because the future fund launch would start at the normal fee again, and so you basically recover that plus there's a clawback typically for these things were things have closed over multiple quarters. You'd actually claw back the prior quarters worth of revenues, too. So it's a little -- I don't want to call it a timing thing, but there is an element exactly to what you're saying.
Loren Starr: It is. I mean, there'll be some payroll declines. That will be offset by obviously the 3 months of salary and share-based comp and some other slips in terms of bonus pools being up given the fact that we're ending the quarter at a higher asset level than the average for the prior quarter in Hyderabad. So again, I think we managed -- and if you look back to prior quarters the way we've operated, it's been a somewhat similar kind of situation in terms of how we've managed through the first quarter.
Loren Starr: Sure. Well, I think in terms of the flows, I mean, UITs, I think, came in at roughly $1 billion in the quarter which is again somewhat consistent with prior quarters. Other Passive elements, we've got the Deutsche -- so yes, there's the Deutsche Bank, probably the rest of it is really around the DB PowerShares products. As you know, we have a relationship that was historic with the Deutsche Bank in terms of the commodity types of products. That's we act as a distributor of those products as opposed to the manager of the products. But we generate a revenue that really goes directly to the bottom line. And so the majority of the rest of that number is coming from that product.
Loren Starr: We'll certainly take that into consideration, Rob. I think obviously we're providing huge amount of disclosure already in terms of breaking out Passive and Actives, and it's getting complicated. So for us to cut it into yet more slices, is obviously another level of detail, and look, I take your point. We'll definitely consider if there's another way for us to show that.
Loren Starr: Well, I certainly I'd say that broadly and, Mark, you can feel free to chime in. The themes, the products that Mark put up on that page are the ones that have really been driving a huge amount of the flows and it's something that Real Estate and Stable Value are major contributors, there's other elements in terms of the emerging markets, smaller but growing. We certainly, we'd love to be able to say something on the Wilbur Ross, but we cannot for the reasons that have been very clearly articulated in the past. So unfortunately I do -- the most that you're going to be able to take away is what I mentioned around to date on the topic.
Loren Starr: I will answer, Rob, one point. First quarter is always the most cash intensive in terms of outflows because of the bonus payments and taxes. So in terms of being able to do a whole lot with free cash, where most of that cash was going to those things I just mentioned. Going forward, I think, again you'll see a balance between opportunistic stock repurchases, paying down the credit facility and also ultimately getting some more excess cash on the balance sheet. We feel very comfortable in terms of kind of where the firm is from a financial strength perspective. It's something that we're going to be generating significant amount of free cash flow coming off of the acquisition and also the growth in the asset base that we're seeing. So we feel we can achieve all those objectives in a very balanced way. And again, in terms of kind of how it all pans out quarter-to-quarter, I think that will have a lot to do with where markets are and where opportunities are.
Loren Starr: No, that would be incorrect. It's really just a step down that takes place -- there's 2 elements to the step down. For funds that are launched that are based on committed assets, if you get the full commitments and then you get a higher fee. At the point where you become substantially invested, the fee is applied only to the invested assets. So that's a difference. And then it also steps down almost by 1/3 of what it was.
Loren Starr: Right. So I think in terms of the nomenclature, when we're talking about substantially invested, that's the Fund IV that we're talking about, right. So just to be clear, became substantially invested and that's when the fee stepped down. I can't really talk about anything else related to the future fund.
Loren Starr: Yes. It's a great question. I mean, they range -- as I said very similar to our existing products and we've talked about incremental margin of 60% to 65% for the firm as a whole. I would say they fit in that range. Again striking the fact that you're not having to pay compensation, but you do have other variable expenses whether you're licensing an index or PowerShares products, or you have to pay for VAT and other things. But when you put it down on paper, they are coming in at those types of incremental margins. So we feel really good about continuing to grow those flows and feeling good that, that is only helping on margin expand as we bring that stuff in. And that will be true for Money Market as well.
Loren Starr: The one thing I would also just mention on U.K., is if you look at the U.K., there was an Institutional outflow in the U.K. and if you strip that out in the sort of large, I think on the order of magnitude of $1.5 billion, the Retail business is actually not doing badly at all. And so it's a little bit of noise in the U.K. domicile flow number that should not alarm you.
Loren Starr: Yes. Over time, I think you'd expect to see roughly $5 million over the course of the year kind of savings as a result of going from the third party provider to having that on our books managed by ourselves. Again, that may be something that will be hard to see in the sense that we're growing Hyderabad generally and so it's an expense base, it's growing but it's also reducing, that's probably the biggest impact to the extent that we continue to smartly allocate sort of our operations and resources in locations like Hyderabad. It will have a bigger net cost savings for us than what I just mentioned in terms of the transfer.
Loren Starr: The other thing I just want to point out, I think we'll be even better positioned once we complete the fund mergers. Because right now, obviously, there's still a lot of noise and a lot of product out there that no one's going to sell or buy into because it's clearly is an orphan thing that's going to get moved in. And so I think there's going to be some benefits when that happens that you'll be able to see.
Loren Starr: I think it's an issue of underperformance of the funds that are currently going to get merged into some of the better performing funds. Clearly, if you're an underperforming funds, sub-scale and that's going to get merged away, you're probably not going to get a whole lot of flows and it's going to be in highly redemption rate. I think the good news is that one's those assets are merged into the better performing, more redemption rate funds that we'll see those assets actually take on a lower redemption rate. That would be our hope. And also, because the performance will be better, and it will be a better experience for those clients.
Loren Starr: Asia. I mean just, I know one of our biggest successes has been around our U.S. REIT products. It's actually been selling very, very strongly in Asia, particularly in Japan. We've got a balance fund that's one of our top performers and then within our joint venture small and mid-cap funds are selling as well. So again, it's hard to point to one particular product, but I think the REIT piece again on the strength of the Real Estate and our capabilities there is playing very heavily in Asia.
Loren Starr: Yes. I think in terms of the seasonality that people may have historically seen with our performance fees, that came from the U.K. and from the Quant group. Both of those areas, I would say, for the near term, we wouldn't expect to see performance fees coming from either of those areas. So the performance fees that we've seen has been a little bit more episodic for the high net worth business, which has been actually paying out at year end over the last couple of years. It's been mostly coming from an MLP type of fund, which has just been one of the top funds in that space. It could potentially do it again this year. And so I don't want to forecast it. It's off to a very strong start but again, it would be something that would be a year end type of calculation and not -- we would not recognize anything in any of the prior quarters. You could see performance fees showing up from bank loans and Real Estate and other places and in smaller levels but generally, I don't think there's going to be anything that I could point to that would say you should expect something. The Wilbur Ross on forward type of products, obviously just finished substantially investing this product, as I've mentioned. And so in terms of kind of the realizing of carry and performance fees for us, there's a watermark that it has to get over. And so it's going to take some time, I think before we would begin to see things show up on the performance fees. So that probably my guess is more of a 2012 type of event and beyond than it is a 2011 event.
Loren Starr: I think the theme that about B-share role-off is something that throughout, say, U.S. B-shares have a higher rate in terms of the distribution revenue. I'd say many outfits are no longer doing B-shares, and it's really changed the mix of what they're selling. And we're not different in that respect. So that roll-off is something that will continue over probably several years in the sense that there's a big book out there that, that goes. It's not going to be dramatic though. It's not something that's going to move around quarter-to-quarter. I think the $2 million step down may be a little bit more dramatic than what you should expect going forward. It's probably under $500,000 really quarter-over-quarter going forward.
Loren Starr: Yes, I mean, I think the management fee element is going to be affected by mix. And so in terms of our mix, I think we've certainly seen equities expand. We have the acquisition, which was probably the biggest element, at I think roughly 49 basis points, 47, 49 basis points. So those are going to be the elements that will reconcile year-over-year, more than anything else. I don't think there's -- there's not been any sort of pressure to reduce management fees because of competitive reasons. Again, I think when you talk about ETFs and there's been a lot of discussion in the market about ETFs reducing fees, we've not seen that same pressure because we're not sort of in a commoditized type of ETF products. So I would say overall, to the extent and certainly to the extent that we've grown and we hope to grow outside the U.S. so that we would hope to see that fee rate increase. I don't have any more detail. If you wanted any, it may be something we could capture off line, if you'd like.
Loren Starr: Definitely the answer is both. We have a desire to reduce any RSUs associated with and it's really stock units, or stock associated with our share grants. And so we made some headway into that. But we also saw the price was quite attractive. And so again, you should expect us to continue to still, more to do. And again, it doesn't necessarily stop at the point where we finished that element. We still will be active in terms of buying stock if the stock price warrants it.
Loren Starr: Well, again, our priorities are structured in a way that if we don't have any acquisitions, and clearly, if we don't have any internal needs, which we generally don't have anything of any substantial amount, our dividends are going to grow single digits. We would expect to see, over the long term, a fair amount of cash being able to be returned in the form of buybacks. So I would say that, that would be the default in terms of where the cash will go. We do have a desire to continue to build up some cash on the balance sheet in excess of the European subgroup cash. And we also have a desire to pay down our credit facility. So those are elements that we're going to balance against straight buyback.
Gregory Armour: Yes, thanks, Loren. Maybe a couple of comments. I think the first one is that, actually, we have seen pretty meaningful outflows over the last couple of quarters. I mean, if you look at the Slide 6, excuse me, you can actually see that in terms of inflows and outflows on the Institutional side of the business. You can see that by size, both in and out. It's a quite a big number. So I think what's pleasing from our side is that not withstanding the fact we've seen these big outflows, we're actually generating big inflows on the other side, so the net numbers become positive. Look, two other comments on the Quants side, not really sure when this will come to an end. I think we are seeing though a return on the performance side, which I think is a necessary pre-condition, our European strategies have been performing well ahead in terms of ahead of benchmark but for some quarters now and that's now translating into like a global capabilities and also some of the U.S. ones. I think the other thing though is that -- what's important to note is that the asset consultants themselves, not all of them follow the comp strategies, but those that do are still rating our capabilities quite highly. So I think a combination of improving performance, the markets returning to more normal in terms of their behavior gives us some sort of reason for cautious optimism as we go through 2011. But we're certainly not, to be fair, we're not seeing a return to massive inflows in the Quants for the time being.
Gregory Armour: Yes. Happy to do so. Look, I think in simple terms, I sort of touched on this very briefly. But if we look around the world on the consultant side and with this trying to be more broad based, not simply Institutional, we have seen a lot of consultant interest and activities, stable value bank loans, U.S. value equity, Asian Equity, and that both Asia is [indiscernible] Japan, typically but also Japanese equities, Chinese equities, Global and Global ex U.S. equities, Global absolute return fixed income, Real Estate Commodities and Risk Parity, and so will give us sense as to the trend here, Ken. I mean what we saw is that in the 5 most influential consultants globally, just during the first quarter, we saw 4 of those 5 increased the ratings on a number of products, including Real Estate and with fixed income, non-US Equity product, Private Equity and Risk Parity, the rate of change that we saw in terms of a number of increases to buys and so on, frankly it was a pretty strong rate. So I think on that side, we are actually making some real progress.
Gregory Armour: Look, Ken, we haven't historically put any numbers out on this. Look, it's something that we're talking about internally in terms of doing so. We've been keeping a track of our sales pipeline for a bit over a year now and we're just trying to get a sense as to how reasonable or frankly, accurate it is. I think the one thing I can say in terms of the prospects is that right at the moment, the pipeline, and we look at it both on a revenue as well as an AUM basis, it is on the revenue basis something like 30% bigger than this time a year ago. I think the other comment I'd make is that we look at it as the base or the basis of that pipeline is also broader, I mean just not as concentrated as it was a year ago. So I think all of that adds up to, if it was to be if it was to translate into reality [indiscernible] directly then we'd have reason for optimism that the sort of current trends we're seeing should be continued.
Gregory Armour: Maybe just a final comment Ken. You said we had over the last couple quarter or 2 started to see some, I think, quite good broad-based momentum in the sort of more positive fund [indiscernible] channel. So I think that's been quite pleasing for us.
Gregory Armour: Yes. I think I mean, you can see it in the chart the first problem that the nature of the Institutional businesses is that the flows can be very lumpy. They can be -- individual mandates can be very deep both coming in and going out. I think having gone through the period where our redemption rate and outflows were lower than we would normally expect the last couple of quarters have been a little bit higher. We've had capital mandates has been some on the comp space but there's also been some strategic asset allocation changes by some clients that have resulted in some big outflows. I think in simple terms, we would not expect this to continue whether it turns around the next quarter or it's a quarter later, I think it's unclear. But on the other side, I think the first one is we would expect that redemption rate to come back to more normal levels. So if you're looking at the chart there, where we've been running 4 to 5, I think that's probably a little bit below leverage. The 10 is above average. So we'd hope to get back to more normal, maybe 5 to 7 top numbers for the third quarter going forward. I think what we do need to do though is to continue to make sure that the inflows continue to be strong and broad based. And as I said, that's the top line indicates there should be reasons for optimism on that.
