Allison Dukes: I mean I would just say kind of looking at what drove Asia Pacific over the quarter. I mean, certainly, the slowdown, put quite a bit of pressure on it. But as we break it down and kind of look at maybe the China JV in particular, continues to be our growth driver inside of the region. Within the JV, we delivered $2.2 billion of net long term inflows. That was really driven by primarily six new product launches, which drove the majority of those net inflows and I would say those mostly skewed towards fixed income. So not surprisingly, more demand for fixed income than we would be seeing for equities at the moment there given just some of the overall sentiment pressure. As we look across the region and look at Greater China and Greater China, we did see, I would say, some offsetting net outflows primarily driven by outflows in our maturing fixed maturity products. Australia had an outflow quarter as well, that was primarily driven by outflows in our GTR product, which has remained under pressure, as we've talked about over a number of quarters. And then I would say some of that was balanced by inflows in Japan, where we continue to see strong demand for fixed income products in Japan. So a little bit of, I think, mixed bag in the quarter, strong demand for fixed income, which, of course, we're seeing in a number of places, but certainly in the China JV and in Japan.
Allison Dukes: Let me take the first part of that and then let Marty chime in as well. I would say a couple of things. One, the stated goal you mentioned is pretty old. It's been a few years and candidly, it predates my joining the company. We actually haven't had that goal in a few years. I think I'd shift it to some of what we've been guiding to more currently, which is we're looking to just strengthen the balance sheet overall, and that's not just through cash balances, there's obviously a cost to carrying a whole lot of cash, particularly when we have some debt to take care of at the same time. So I think you've seen a lot of our focus and kind of cleaning up a lot of the contingent liabilities and then starting to manage some of the capital structure at the same time. So I'd guide you towards that just as you think about what are our balance sheet objectives overall, and that's to really put the balance sheet in a place where it's strong, particularly in times like this, I think about how much stronger the balance sheet is now than when we were in the last downturn a couple of years ago. And that's giving us that optionality to do a number of things this year. We did engage in $200 million of share repurchases in the first quarter and then, of course, taking advantage of the opportunity to early redeem $600 million in notes. We want to stay opportunistic and give ourselves the flexibility to do the same for the next maturity, which is in January of 2024. What does that mean though for our overall priorities? I would say our first priority is to reinvest in the business. It is much more cost efficient to grow organically than it is to go out and acquire inorganically. That doesn't mean that there's a change in our strategy from an inorganic perspective. But I think we've really demonstrated over the last couple of years that we have ample ability to invest in our business and grow our capabilities and really thinking about some of our key growth capabilities like private markets, our fixed income platform, our ETF franchise, our China JV, all the areas where you're really seeing us demonstrate the growth pretty consistently over the last several quarters. It's because we've been creating that capacity to invest in our own business while at the same time, keeping our eyes open, should there be the right opportunity. Now market conditions are certainly going to be rather choppy for that at the moment. But in terms of the opportunity we have with the breadth of our franchise to continue to invest in it, I think we're very bullish on our own opportunity to grow the franchise we have.
Allison Dukes: I mean, I'd say a couple of things. As you think about our overall compensation expense, about a third of that is variable. So that obviously flexes pretty quickly with the change in revenue for the most part. It's not a perfect relationship, but it's fairly quick given just a variety of incentive compensation plans that we would have driving overall incentive comp. It's much more difficult to adjust overall compensation nor would we necessarily want to. We want to be really thoughtful about positioning our expense base not just for the short term but the medium term as well. And I think that really underscores a lot of Marty's points. So I think probably the essence of your question is where do we go from here. I would say a couple of things. On compensation, compensation tends to fluctuate in that 38% to 42% as a percent of revenue range. You should expect us when revenue draws down as quickly as it has, and we expect it to be under pressure this year that we'd be on the higher end of that range. Underneath that, we're going to be really thoughtful about making sure we're allocating resources and being very thoughtful about just hiring overall and where we position that next hire and how we really manage against the opportunities we have and what's critical versus not critical. I think that's the essence of how we manage in the short term from here. Certainly, a challenging quarter to have revenue under so much pressure and a return to that kind of wide open travel environment at the same time. I don't think we ever would have expected those two events to occur in the exact same quarter and it put enormous pressure on the top line and the expense line at the same time. We do expect that travel normalizes from here, again, the new normal that I talked about earlier. And we'll be really thoughtful about travel in this environment as well. When our clients want to see us, we want to stay in front of our clients as it's as important now as ever in times of real volatility to be in front of our clients, but we can also be very thoughtful about our internal gatherings and some of the discretionary spend we have from there. So it's hard to give you exact answers on all of this, but hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color as to how we're thinking about operating and how we're managing in this environment. We do think we're managing from a position of strength, but we're going to be very thoughtful about all of our actions and decisions.
Allison Dukes: I mean the only thing I would add is they continue to be opportunistic because I think they have a very long term view on the opportunity that's there, and there's a really deep partnership that continues to grow and expand. And I think this is a mutually beneficial relationship on a lot of sides and you're seeing that as they continue to take a long term view on the overall opportunity in the common stock.
Allison Dukes: I think we continue to be the second largest broker dealer in terms of AUM on their platform. I think we're their largest in terms of sub-advised and DCIO mandate. We manage about $5 billion on their platform and an additional $5 billion in variable annuity and sub-advised AUM. I'd say, in addition to that, we've got about over $3 billion in other investment relationships with them, which consists of their investment in our alternative strategies in terms of their co-investment and our investment strategies and some of our alternatives capabilities. So I mean, it's a rather broad relationship.
Allison Dukes: I mean I would just say in a couple of the specifics as of the end of June 30th, we managed $77 billion in ESG AUM across over 200 funds and mandates, that's about 6% of our overall AUM. So it's quite a bit lower on an absolute basis relative to where we were in the first quarter, but that's really a function of the market declines and some of the outflows. We did see about $2.4 billion in outflows in that ESG AUM and that was really driven by active retail and in particular, our GTR and some of our quantitative equity strategies. So it's kind of consistent with -- it's really a subsection of some of the outflows we've been talking about in terms of other categorization. Beyond that, we really think about our AUM in terms of trying to move towards what we would consider a minimal but systematic integration of our ESG integration. And we've got about 85% of our AUM currently under this definition of minimal but systematic integration. And our aspiration is to get all of our AUMs under the same kind of integration category, and it's really thinking about our ESG approach as being defined and consistently applied across all -- from all of the portfolio managers and really ESG considerations being used consistently in the investment decisions. But again, that all is kind of under the banner of some of the macro themes that Marty gave you.
Allison Dukes: I mean I just -- I'd add to that. I think we continue to see really strong originations overall, inflows into our private markets capability, particularly particularly into our direct real estate business of late. You've got kind of a confluence of factors and events happening there as there's perhaps a shift in some preference for some real assets in this environment and at the same time, you're starting to see given the downturn in the equity markets. From an allocation perspective, you've got maybe perhaps some overexposure to real assets at the moment, to real estate at the moment relative to benchmarks, and so that's going to take some time to normalize out. But despite that, we continue to see very strong growth in overall client commitments to direct real estate in the first half of the year. And obviously, very strong interest, primarily from our institutional channel. But as Marty noted, with the growth that we have and some retail focused strategies, we're starting to see some positive signs there. We've got quite a bit of dry powder in our business, and that's really the capital we have from clients that has not yet been deployed in terms of direct mandates. And that's really kind of captured in that one not funded pipeline on the institutional side and the growing allocation we have there to alternatives really does point to the growth in the direct real estate business. So I mean, I think overall that we're very cautiously optimistic that we could continue to see good growth there. And I'd say on the senior loan side, at some point, there will be some desire as credit spreads start to widen for exposure there. At the moment, it's been really managing the interest rate exposure but there will be credit risk exposure that clients are going to be seeking and that's going to bode well for our platform also.
Allison Dukes: Hard to say exactly. I mean, I would say, overall, let me compare -- maybe second half of '22 may not look all that different from the second half of '21 -- first half of '22. Let me say that again and make sure that's clear. Second half of '22 may not look that different from the first half of '22 in terms of new product launches in China. I do think it's highly dependent on just where they go with COVID measures. And so really how the government thinks about the economy there and some of the growth they may be stimulating. So we're going to be watching that very carefully, and we're going to be positioning product very carefully against that. Relative to '21, it's certainly lower and different. In terms of our new product launches last year, you would have seen more balanced and equity focused products. What you've seen so far this year is a little more fixed income focused, which makes sense just given where sentiment and client preference is at the moment. So not sure if that's helpful. It's hard to say given the measures that are continuing to evolve there but that's generally how we're thinking about it and what we'll be watching for.
Allison Dukes: The only thing I'd add to that is China. China definitely helped drive some of the strength in fixed income as well. And I think that points to us again, the underlying strength we have in our positioning in China.
Allison Dukes: We’ve really -- that revenue yield really is a function of overall averages. It's average AUM, there's really not an exit rate in it. If you think about what was driving net revenue yield inside of the quarter, I mean, it is almost entirely explained by the declining equity markets and then secondarily, but also very importantly, the continued growing asset mix shift that we're experiencing towards our passive products. You have some positive offsets in that just in terms of the abatement of money market waivers and an extra day in the quarter, but net revenue yield really is pretty simply explained by the overall declining equity markets and the pressure we experienced in that along with the mix shift in our AUM. In terms of exit rate and how you should think about it for the future quarters, I would say we would expect to continue to see demand for our passive capabilities. We expect to continue to see pressure on our equity AUM just given the exit rates in terms of the market impact on the quarter. And so I would expect to see net revenue yield continue to grind a little bit tighter in the quarter. But I'll just remind everybody that we really focus on both revenue -- net revenue yield is just an output, it's not an input and it doesn't reflect changes in the fee rates. It's really just the mix shift and the overall market impact. We continue to focus on revenue stabilizing it for now, growing it and really managing our expense base against that and for the business profile, not just that we have today that we expect to continue to evolve and shift to in the coming years.
Allison Dukes: I mean, I do think that when you think about where asset levels were at June 30th and just the entry point into the quarter with asset levels, you can certainly net revenue will continue to be under pressure in the quarter. And so while we are hyper focused on expenses, as you've heard us talk about, you can't expect what's the overall impact of that. In terms of operating margin, look, if we continue to see equity markets under this kind of pressure throughout the quarter, it will be difficult. But I think it's reasonable to expect operating margins going to be maybe at or slightly below where it was in the second quarter. Lots of moving parts and the market being the biggest driver in that, but we're going to continue to stay focused on managing what we can commit, what we can manage and controlling what we can control. And I think we're wrapping up here, but I'll just close with we are operating from a position of strength there. We do have expense discipline measures in place that give us the opportunity to be very thoughtful about the margin from here. And our balance sheet is in a strong place and we have the opportunity to be opportunistic and to continue and invest in our business. And that's most important, because these markets will stabilize. And I think we're really well positioned in terms of our key capabilities and supporting our clients and growing with them from here.
Marty Flanagan: Allison, that was well said. I don't have anything else to add. And can I just sum it up with the highlight that we're focused on reinvesting in the business in the areas of growth. We continue to look to reallocate resources where we are growing. Easy deciding harder to do, but we continue to make progress there. And we've -- right now, we have the greatest flexibility we've had in a good number of years. So we feel like we are in a position of strength.
Marty Flanagan: The thing to look at is they increase our ownership stake in the company. And they have great confidence in the organization. We continue to have very good strategic conversations. We're extremely wide ranging, and it's just a constant dialog of where can we opportunistically work together and that continues. So again, I just plan on seeing a deeper, broader relationship in the quarters and months ahead in years end.
Marty Flanagan: And I'd add, Brennan, that's all really valuable, but in particular, them being an anchor tenant, co-investor and our alternative capabilities is really meaningful. It's not just from the money itself but in the investment, but really the credibility it comes as an anchor tenant when we go to market and you with your background, recognize how important that is.
Marty Flanagan: I'm sure you're having endless conversations with your clients, too. And I will say it's all over the map, I would say whether it was institutional or retail, and these are broad comments. Largely, everybody hit the brakes in the first part of the quarter, just what is going on, what's the depth of this, where is it heading? And now the conversations are moving more towards, and I'll speak more towards institutional investors. For us, where are the opportunities, how should we think about our asset allocation. There is an absolute focus on movement towards where should the asset allocation be in an inflationary environment. The conversations around duration and fixed income, some people actually thinking less exposure to fixed income, greater exposure to things like real estate. So again, it's really -- there's no single answer and it's probably as broad a conversation that I've had with clients. As long as I can remember, there's no common theme of where the next step is for any one institution. That said, the good news is the breadth of our capabilities puts us in a position where we can serve any one of the decisions that many of these institutional clients will take.
Marty Flanagan: Look, a couple of comments. I'd say spending time with both wealth management platforms, advisers and institutional clients, frankly, now in the United States and Europe, it’s [palpable], the different engagements, obviously, with clients. I think we've all said that to one another. And again, everybody on this call has been having that same experience. There is just -- Zoom is wonderful, but it is just not the same. And it does advance relationships and exchange of thoughts and opportunities, there's no question in my mind. I'm not going to tell you that it's going to drive sales straight up through the moon. I just don't think you can make that correlation but it is clearly a net positive. And it is something, as Allison said, we are going to be very disciplined on discretionary travel internally, although we think that's important. We can live without that we have for the last few years. But we are really -- we're just going to continue to be with our clients because we think that's so important for the business and the relationships that we have.
Marty Flanagan: So it is an important undertaking for us and it's probably two to three years out. We are at the stage of starting the sort of rolling implementation. It is very broad. It's very deep. It's quite complex, as you would imagine, because it is really a total step back on our operating platform. And we think it's really meaningful and important for the future of the organization, what we're trying to do with data and et cetera, no different than, again, every organization on this phone. There are other areas. Again, Allison had spoke to, we are looking very hard within the organization, and it is sort of a muscle that we -- are have been developing over the last few years that is getting stronger and stronger of challenging ourselves where the dollars spent. And is that the right spot for the dollar, or should it be reallocated towards growth and driving operating income. Allison hit the areas, you know the areas whether it be China, ETFs, et cetera, and the private markets. That said, there will be times where in that process, we'll say the best place for this dollar to go is to the bottom line. So we are pulling on all of those levers. And we just constantly do it in a downturn where our market doesn't make us wake up and think we should do it, this is core to what we do. And I think, again, as we continue to point out over the last couple of years, you can see with the movement in the effective fee rate and our ability to maintain margins is something we keep pointing to. Again, in this downturn, protecting margins is a much more difficult thing to do. And I would just reiterate the point that Allison had said earlier. Markets will return. And in that period, you'll see the expansion of our margin, again, while, in fact, we continue to invest in the future or make the decision have that next dollar drop to the bottom line.
Marty Flanagan: Again, hard to totally compare and contrast. But look, we've all seen the growth in private markets over the last decade. It continues to be an area of focus for us where we have areas of strength. It continues to be an area of growth and accelerating growth, and we are turning our attention to continuing to organically drive that growth, and it is a part of any conversation that we're having with our institutional clients, in particular. And now the wealth management platforms looking for ways to find exposure to alternative capabilities for us. The most prominent one that is coming down the path right now is here in the United States on the wealth management platform and quite frankly, it's been quite successful, outside of the United States through a joint venture we've done with UBS. So again, it continues to be an area of focus for us, a continued area of growth as we look forward to the quarters ahead.
Marty Flanagan: So if you look -- a few comments. If you look at the fixed income, suite of products continue to be strong and demand continues to be there. Obviously, shorter duration fixed income at the moment. And you would be surprised if the market environment that we're in, you also highlighted, if you look at the US value franchise, the performance has improved quite dramatically. That has been an area of -- out of favor from a demand point of view, from an industry -- not unique to us, but from an industry perspective. Quite frankly, I've been in many number of conversations over the last number of months where there's a conversation of people turning to US value as an asset class. And if you ask me that question, 12, 24 months ago that's just was not on the horizon. The other area that's really important to us is the global equity franchise emerging markets in particular. And the performance is challenged at the moment. That said, I think it's some of the most just as by arguably the most talented emerging markets manager in the business and its shorter term performance is improving quite strongly. And that's going to be an asset class and even though it's not in favor right now, it's going to produce spectacular results for clients and no doubt return to net inflows in the quarters ahead.
Marty Flanagan: And Dan, here's how I think about it, and you're asking the right question. So where we believe China is in sort of the economic cycle, it's looking towards a rebound, so they're ahead of the United States and Europe. There is a lot of focus on the leadership to stimulate the economy for all the reasons that we know about. So I look at those two powerful forces of reason to be optimistic. The one to be cautious about is just what Allison said, it is still a very challenged lockdown COVID environment, although they are easing. And so is it and let's say, if you sort of model through COVID, you have those other two factors holding true, we continue to look at China as being a contributor and a growing contributor again. Time frames are hard to determine.
Marty Flanagan: You're right, from an industry perspective, the results are very, very strong. And it really is just a reflection of the depth, breadth and capabilities of the team and the way that they've gained confidence within the channels. I don't know that I would highlight anything other more specific than that, but a recognition of the talent and how we are interfacing with our clients. So again, it's wonderful to see when you're relatively outperforming what is a very challenging market environment.
Marty Flanagan: Well, let me just say thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions and engagement. And look forward to being in touch with everybody over the next months before we visit once again next quarter. Thank you.
