Marty Flanagan: Thanks, Loren. I do want to do two quick updates before we turn it over to Q&A. One on Jemstep and the second on our EMEA business. And many of you probably saw the news that the Advisor Group, which is a network of independent advisory firms announced a new platform for its 5,000 advisers they support. The comprehensive digital onboarding advice and data aggregation program for their financial advisers was launched in alliance with Jemstep, which is our adviser-focused digital solution business. We view – we view this as a further sign that Jemstep/Invesco combination offering digital advice platform as tremendous value-added technology in our sector and it is resonating in the marketplace. The platform extends to both advisers and their end clients to strengthen their relationship and will be used to support advisory and brokerage business models, which as far as we can tell, is unique in the marketplace. And as noted on previous calls, it’s early days, but we do see Jemstep as having meaningful potential in the market for us. With regard to EMEA, we saw the fourth consecutive quarter of positive long-term net inflows in the region, which totaled nearly $3 billion in the second quarter, despite a large one-off sovereign wealth fund redemption. Quarterly gross flows for the region of $14.3 billion were the highest since the first quarter of 2015. Long-term flows into the cross-border retail totaled $4.1 billion for the quarter, and our Global Targeted Return fund remains in high demand, with inflows of $2 billion during the quarter. We did not purchase any stock during the quarter, instead reserving a portion of our available cash for the planned acquisition of Source, the leading specialist provider of ETFs based in Europe. We are making very good progress on the regulatory approvals and remain on track to close the transaction at the end of the third quarter. Net inflows into Source have been strong year-to-date. We remain focused on planning the combination of our two firms, building on Invesco’s significant expertise and track record of bringing companies together for the benefit of clients, employees and shareholders. We really are excited about this opportunity and we do think the combination of our ETF with Source, in Europe, will really be a meaningful addition to the company. So with that, I will stop, and Loren and I will answer any questions anybody has.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, good question, Ken. So it is two things, it’s not just Jemstep, but also solutions. And really, as we build the models, in line with what clients are trying to accomplish, they do use cap-weighted indexes in there. So it’s not as a single solution but as a part of a total portfolio. And we’re very capable of managing cap-weighted indexes, so it’s for solutions and frankly, also into Jemstep, where a number of models have been built to give various choice to the different participants. So those are the two focuses there.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, let’s – with MiFID coming on, like everybody, it’s been – an awful lot of work, heads down. We really see no different – we do not have a different point of view today than we have over the last number of quarters. It is more work, it’s not going to dramatically change our business. I would say, this and also in combination with the FCA work, it ultimately does favor larger firms that are capable of working through these topics and frankly, can afford the additional costs to meet the regulations. Back to the FCA, it did make a number of recommendations. Some of the principal regulations we’re already in line with. So one of them was to have a single fee. We did that a couple of years ago. So we’re beyond that, and I think some of the areas that they’re focused on, greater transparency and the like, some of the early suggestions, again, we are supportive of those types of things. We, like others in the industry, will be commenting during this period and try to help give greater guidance, but again, it is something that we feel very well-positioned. They were also focused in particular on really, what they would sort of call closet indexers. Needless to say, that’s not even close to a topic for us, and the investment performance of our teams over a very, very long period of time is just really outstanding. So again, it’s a burden for the overall industry, but again, with the idea of making it a better industry, which is we are very supportive of. But again, we think we’ll be fine once we get through this.
Marty Flanagan: Let me make a comment, and Loren can, too. So as we said, there’s no question that the industry is going through quite a bit of a change. And clients are demanding different things from organizations. So simply having a range of capabilities perform well is not going to get you over the goal line, regardless of retail and institutional. And you absolutely have to have the ability to meet client outcomes with things like solutions. This movement into Jemstep to support our financial advisers, we think, is very, very important. Things like thought leadership, they are not optional value-added capabilities. And so we think it’s really important that we continue to responsively invest against those, which we are doing. We think it’s just making the firm much more competitive and better-placed for the longer-term. And yes, it does make it easier to make the investments in a strong market. We’re trying to get them done as quickly as we can, but again, with very much a responsible lens on being financially sound during the process.
Marty Flanagan: And I just might come back and add. Ken was asking some questions a few minutes ago. So we look at things like the institutional pipeline over quarter-to-quarter. That’s not the way we look at it. From our perspective, we look out 1, 2, 3 years, and we look at it as a very, very important part of our future success. And as I said, I feel very good about the leadership in place. I feel very good about the responses we’re starting to get from clients as we are dealing with them in a more robust way. And again, it is not a – the assets just don’t go straight up. They are choppier, just by the nature of the long-term, our fee process, et cetera, et cetera. So again, that would be another area where we just think it’s really important that we do a good job.
Marty Flanagan: I don’t. Look, I think it’s just the normal course of people doing their allocations with their 401k plans and here we are, 2017 and what has been more or less an extended bull market and people seem to be in some of these plans, moving out of stable value into some higher risk/return products. Whether that’s the right timing or not, I’m not sure, but that’s not my decision. I think what I would point to probably is the – and this is no new news to anybody following the company, but the headwinds of the UIT business, I mean, that continues to be one that is not immaterial when you look at the relative flows quarter-to-quarter. And again, we’re just going to have to see where that goes as things settle out with the – as the platforms rebalance what they want to do in light of the DOL fiduciary rule. So I would point to that as the more topical area than stable value. Stable value, I think, will continue to be solid.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I agree with that fully, Loren’s comments. And again, I’d just come back to we all thought it’s been a competitive business, over our careers here, but I will tell you, I mean, this is a very different time. And if you are not investing for the future, in a very rapid way, you’re going backwards. And so again, we are – we think we’re being very responsible. We are seeing the results in very different areas and I think if you look at what we’ve done over the years, we have a track record of the investments paying off in a pretty material way and that’s what we think we’re doing right now. Are they all going to be perfect? No, they’re not. But we feel quite confident the vast majority of them will be very important to the firm.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, look, I feel really good about our investment teams. And yes, has there been a headwind in U.S. equities in particular? Yes. Do I think – I personally think it’s an incredible mistake to be putting your 100% of your U.S. equity exposure into cap-weighted indexes. There’s going to be some very disappointed people that have done that. And if you look at the U.S. value capability in particular, relatively underperforming, they are doing exactly what they should be doing, being 100% committed to their investment process, they will do very well. And when we saw the spike at the end of last year, after – if you want to call it after the election, through the end of the year, it picked up 1,000 basis points against cap-weighted indexes. So again, it’s very easy to say it’s different this time, and I just – we’re supporters of passive and factor and active in a – very clearly, but I think it’s a mistake to give up on active at this part of the cycle.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, I’ll just add a little color, just on the solutions piece. Again, I think it’s a common word and I think it’s misunderstood. I think people tend to think of it as dealing with large institutions. I mean, we look at it at 3 levels, as Loren was saying. So it literally is at the large institutional level, that’s a fact. What has been surprising, the opportunity of solutions at the retail level, because as all the channels are moving, the financial advisers are moving too to be much more solutions-oriented or outcome-oriented with their clients. And our ability to build portfolios for them, whether they be in models or literally help them with their books through our range of passive, factor, active capabilities is really, really important. And so – and the third leg is Jemstep, right? And really, building these models for Jemstep is really quite important. And let me go back to, I just mentioned one group. So the adviser group of 5,000 advisers, so it’s more likely than not, and I’d say very likely by next year. So those are 5,000 advisers we’ve never worked with before. It’s very easy that we can be working with 20,000, 25,000 advisers next year that we’ve never worked with before, because of things like Jemstep. So the combination of these things that we’re doing is broadening our distribution channels, serving our clients in a very different way, which really creates the robustness of what the future could look like for the organization.
Marty Flanagan: I’ll try to hit some of them. Institutionally, you’re already seeing it. Solutions, it’s happening. Is it at the level that we think it’s going to be? No. It’s early on. But you’re literally getting payback. Jemstep tends to be the longer-dated one because, again, you’re actually doing an installation of an application, which I think we’ve all lived those experiences. It just takes time. And so that would probably be the timing, and I say you’ll start to see, in each of those 3 different levels, flows will continue to pick up in the quarters ahead and next...
Marty Flanagan: It’s a good question. I’d say you’re ahead of really all the conversations and there’s not a direct – it’s not clear where everything is going to settle out. And I think much of it depends on where the DOL settles out. So again, I would just be totally speculating on what the structures might look like at the end. So wish I could be more helpful, I just can’t right now.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, look, that’s the right question, we ask it all the time. And again, we think we’re on the right topics. We think we’re making progress on the right topics. And the fundamental base is just that. Are you investing enough and what we really constantly are doing is ensuring that we try to free up, reallocate dollars to the things that are making a difference. Loren has spoken in particular about the various areas that we try to create room for investments, and that is our process. Can’t answer it specifically, because it’s what we do each and every day. But we are thinking the way that you’re thinking.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, the majority of it these days is going for growing the business, which – and I think we’re on the right topics. I don’t think we’re missing. We are investing on the things that we think are going to make a difference. The regulatory spend is no different than any other of our competitors. It just seems to be constantly an area where you have to invest in, and not just regulatory, but I would put cybersecurity in that category, too. I mean, there are areas that we just, 5, 6, 7 years ago, it was just not an area we had to invest at this magnitude.
Marty Flanagan: You’re right. The penetration is not there in Europe. Our anticipation is that it will continue to see greater penetration in the years ahead. If you look at the history of the growth in the United States, and you look at the path where Europe is on now, it’s some years later, but it seems to be following the path, with greater adoption. There was also an important evolution with the ETFs, too, where they were derivatives-based, and now there’s more physical ETFs, too. And so you’re broadening the potential users of derivatives in Europe, so we’re anticipating that’s going to continue to be a growing marketplace for ETFs and the penetration to – of ETFs to increase.
Marty Flanagan: It is an evolving opportunity, there’s no question about it. We have the capability with mechanical SMA structures. We also have the ability through – to build the different models, and like everybody, it’s these models, I think, that are going to be taken up. In a number of the channels, there are opportunities right now without decisions being made, so we should do pretty well in that. But again, we’re not going to know until decisions are made in those areas. So again, it’s another area of growth as you look to the future. I think you’re right.
Marty Flanagan: Thank you very much, on behalf of Loren and myself, appreciate the engagement and the questions and we’ll be in touch.
Loren Starr: I mean, I do think we’re still pretty optimistic about the overall story on the institutional side, for sure. The fee rate on flows are at a much higher level, continues to be sort of record highs on the aggregate basis points. And then, that weakness, as you suggest, is being offset in other locations. Europe is quite strong. So again, we – I think it’s more just an aberration around just a confluence of things that happened in second quarter as opposed to a real inflection point indicating that something’s at a whole new level of decline. So the thing that I would say is we have pretty good line of sight on the won but not funded, and that’s what I’m referring to right now. When redemptions happen, which they can, that’s harder for us to predict. And so we did get caught offsided by one large sovereign wealth outflow in the quarter, which was pretty sizable, $1.2 billion. And those are hard for us to really see. We don’t expect those to recur, but again, we don’t know.
Loren Starr: And Pat, just to remind you, I mean, we did come out, I think it was last quarter, in terms of our position with respect to the use of commissions on research, and so we said that we were going to continue to focus on, within the – of our ability within MiFID II, to use CSAs to fund RPAs, which would mean that there’s not a substantial impact on cost for us, as long as competitively that’s still, and from a regulatory perspective, that still makes sense. The other thing is, just in terms of positioning, and we have a substantial number of people on the ground, have for a long time, in Continental Europe. So the idea of what would ultimately happen, in terms of having risk and foreign oversight of capabilities in terms of this passporting topic and so forth, is another thing that I’d say we feel probably better position than most others in the region. So overall, I’m not saying there’s no cost there. There’s probably some cost, but I don’t think it’s going to be a substantial material cost at this point in time.
Loren Starr: Yes, really not going to add much more to what you said, Marty, other than, I think, quantifying. In terms of incremental margin, I mean, I think we’re probably at a level that’s more in the 40% to 50% range incremental margin, as opposed to sort of the 50% to 65% right now, just because of our imperatives to make sure that we build out the capabilities that are going to be critical to our success and trying to do that now, but responsibly in the sense that we’re continuing to find opportunities to save and to fund those. So you’re going to see operating leverage, you’re going to see margin expansion as we grow. All those things should absolutely continue to be in place, but maybe not quite at the level of lower investment type of positioning.
Loren Starr: So I think it is our capital policy and approach remains in place. Obviously, we smartly, I think, are pausing on the buyback just so we can fund this acquisition. The opportunity set for things in this industry around consolidation is at a high level, too. So I’ll just generally say that we’re seeing probably more inorganic opportunities than we have in the past. Certainly, that doesn’t mean we’re going to do something else other than Source. But I think our general position is one of this is a unique and extraordinary time, and so we may continue to be thinking about the balance of cash to return, versus opportunities in the market that might not show themselves again, so. And again, it’s a little bit hard to say exactly, but we are generally, I’d say, back in our normal return mode post-Source.
Loren Starr: Well, I tell you, I mean, into the second half, certainly a substantial part of the expense pickup is just related to Source. Again, you probably have a reasonable sense of kind of the revenues and expenses for that business based on what you know about that business, so you can kind of do the math and see where that’s breaking out. The optimization impact is going to be most felt in 2018, because we have some very large-scale projects that are not going to get completed until 2018. And it’s only until that happens will we see sort of the remainder of the – to the full 50 run rate show up. So I’d say, through the second half of this year, there’s definitely some offset of the investments through optimization efforts, but not incrementally a lot. So I don’t know if that fully answers your question, but I’d say at least half of the expense pickup is due to Source and the other half is just due to the investments that we’ve been making, generally.
Loren Starr: Marketing’s going to be roughly flat to what it was in the second quarter, and it’s really just in Q4 where it goes to that higher level.
Loren Starr: I think this is not a structural topic. I think it’s more building around what we see as absolutely key points of differentiation in growth that we want to be ahead of as opposed to sort of running behind competitors and the industry trends. So I think we’re doing a lot and we’re really, I think, getting through the bulk of what we need to get through. It will probably persist into 2018, I’d say, for us to get to sort of an equilibrium point, but I don’t think it’s a structural ongoing theme in terms of incremental margins for us.
Loren Starr: Yes, I think the 50% to 60% is probably post-2018, based on what I just mentioned in terms of the higher level of investment and we’re probably setting expectations, realistically, that would be in the more 40% to 50% for this year, next year. So that is kind of where we are right now. We haven’t, obviously, fully completed our plan around what we’re doing in 2018, and a lot obviously will depend on where the markets go and where the mix of products go. We’re definitely, I’d say, it’s a good thing that’s very helpful for us is the fee dynamic is working in our favor, with the strength that we’re seeing in the cross-border business, and as Marty said, it just continues through July, very strong flows, that is very helpful. And the fact that the pound is now at 1.31 and strengthening, also is going to be extremely helpful for our yield. So that could actually help our net – my incremental margin discussion. But assuming flat markets and flat FX is what I’m referring to.
Loren Starr: Yes, we have not provided a lot of transparency into the synergies topic. Again, in terms of the materiality, it’s all going to be within our guidance that we’ll obviously provide for 2018 and beyond. And certainly, some of it is already baked into the estimates that we provided you. It’s mostly a growth topic for us, as we said in the past. There’s definitely some overlaps that will allow for some cost take-out, but the real benefit for this platform is us growing through flows, and as Marty mentioned, it is flowing beautifully, right, very nicely. And so we think we can actually significantly improve flows out of that business. We are looking at a lot of new product launches, so really, the – it’s going to be more of investing behind the business than taking cost out. So that’s why we really have been focused on it.
Loren Starr: Yes, and the only I would just say is when I was talking about – I wasn’t necessarily referring to large-scale opportunities, because I think we’ve talked about those are hard to do, there’s a lot of risk, there’s a lot of complication. So I think the types of things that are most attractive to us would be things like Source, that are smaller, that we could plug in, gives us a platform or capability that we didn’t have before and that we can grow quickly. So that’s really, I think, in terms of what we would be thinking about more, than large-scale.
Loren Starr: Yes. So I mean, and Marty, you can pick up on the theme, building our institutional business is something that we’ve been talking about in the past. You know, I think we have been more retail-focused as a firm and for us, in terms of getting to being seen as a premier institutional player, requires a lot of dedicated support and infrastructure, risk and analytics and reporting and a variety of infrastructure that we just didn’t have in the past. That really, [indiscernible] manager, there’s a whole infrastructure around building that out. Thought leadership is another kind of element. So that’s – handful of the people, but very capable and good people, that help drive that cost. Solutions is another area that we talked about and that is, again, a very – an area we’ve been in, but really haven’t built a lot of strong capabilities around, particularly around the technology, and as I mentioned, the analytics for us to be able to sort of go off and really, almost like in a lab, figure out how to solve our clients’ problems through a variety of folks that are a lot smarter than me, PhDs and others, that are thinking about those issues. So that’s really that group and that appeals to both the institutional side, but also the retail side. And then they are very helpful, in terms of thinking about Jemstep as well, in terms of providing models and solutions to the retail clients. ETFs was the other area that you – we mentioned, and that’s more inorganic, and obviously Source, for us, but certainly, the ability to take some of those capabilities and port them over to the U.S. and think about the digital platform and being the best-in-class provider of smart beta and differentiated ETFS is still kind of what we’re trying to do and being – not be a distant fourth but be a strong fourth, at least a bit in that space. And Jemstep, they’re really savvy in digital advice, which I think is going to continue to be a major opportunity and certainly, firms that have it are going to being differentiated from those who don’t. So we need to have a state-of-the-art capability and it’s one that requires a whole different set of skill sets, and so that’s kind of the other big bucket. And the other one I mentioned, which you know, is the regulatory and compliance, which is just never-ending.
Loren Starr: That’s all, I mean, really, the biggest detractor from that category has been stable value. So that was substantial outflows this quarter. So it’s a very low fee, 10 basis points kind of -ish. So again, when I think about the flows in versus out, our net revenue yield is, by far and away, moving up in that category. So I wouldn’t take too much out of that stable value outflow.
Loren Starr: Yes. Really, a result of these two dynamics. One, we’re seeing the fee rate improve due to the mix and foreign exchange, so that’s like a 0.5 basis point upward tick, which has been getting flattened out, just purely from the consolidation of the $25 billion, at 16 to 17 basis points of Jemstep – I’m sorry, of Source.
Loren Starr: So based on what we understand in Europe, which is where this conversation has been most focused and relevant, client reaction has been pretty much absolutely accepting of that perspective. We’re not alone in terms of the global – a lot of the global managers have come out with a very similar statement. So it’s actually been pretty much accepted. Ultimately, I think, when – the real trick will be in terms of the actual disclosures. And when it will ultimately get implemented, we’ll have to see how all that goes. But certainly, in terms of the position, it’s been accepted without much of a, any pushback. In terms of the global side, I don’t know, Marty, if you think that we’re thinking about doing that globally? I don’t think at this point we’re in a position to say what we’re doing in the U.S. different than normal.
Loren Starr: Penalties, like I mean, that privacy rule, where, if you get it wrong, it’s 2% of total revenues could be your fine, right. Pretty substantial element. So I think it is the regulatory – the number of regulatory changes plus, I think, the amount of resources that regulators are putting behind the asset management business now relative to two years ago has also increased, and so the level of being absolutely on top of it is – the bar has risen across the globe in terms of what is required.
Loren Starr: Yes, and probably even with some of the rules around MiFID II and the transparency on fees, and whereas there maybe not has been as much, and certainly, the idea of no inducements provided for manufacturers, distributors and how that gets implemented, feels sort of like RDR part two...
Loren Starr: In Europe in some ways, and we know that that’s focused on just pure management fees. It will probably drive more adoption of lower-fee products, still within the hands of European retail clients as opposed to institutional clients who are using ETFs predominantly.
Loren Starr: Well, the commission side, again, that’s the part that we’re saying would probably stay in terms of being paid through these RPA accounts funds and clients paid for, and transparency for research. So that’s the current approach. So that would be largely sort of a continuation of existing P&L and practices other than sort of having those structures in place. So there would be no significant P&L impact to Invesco.
Loren Starr: Yes, positive. So the net revenue, the flow mix dynamic, given the headline was kind of not great in terms of the net flow number, I was actually really pleased. If you peel that back and you understand what’s flowing in terms of the strong flows coming into cross-border – into alternative opportunities which are certainly at a higher – being very active capabilities. So yes, when we were talking about sort of a 0.5 basis point pickup into next, the last half of the year, that’s all due to the positive trend around the flow dynamic that we’re seeing, even though it didn’t really show up in terms of the headline flow number. The big outflows, as I mentioned, stable value, which was single – 10 basis points, and we had the individual real estate passive outflow, which was a single point kind of – UITs as well, which is something that, I think we all understand that dynamic. It’s something that continues to be a bit of a detractor to the flow story, but not one that I think materially impacts our yield. So overall, I’d say that people should be looking beyond that headline number and focus on what’s going on, in Europe in particular, because that is going to have the biggest impact on our net revenue yield.
Marty Flanaga: Yes, I think that could be just about the biggest mistake somebody could make, as far as I’m concerned right now. They are high-quality teams, they are very, very good at what they do. And investors, our clients are going to do very fine with them through the market cycle, and that’s how I feel.
Marty Flanaga: Let’s see. So maybe let me try to put it in context of the big picture and I – and again, we’ve said this before and other have. It’s just very, very clear that the fund – the distributors are moving to a financial advisory model across the board and that was a direction of travel anyways. I think the DOL fiduciary rule really just sped that up. So I think everybody sees that clearly. The – I think with regard to the BIC, I think there’s anticipation that it will be modified quite materially to ensure that financial advisers and investors have choice, because it really does get in the way of investors having choice, which means it gets in the way of people building robust, meaningful portfolios with a combination of active, factor-based portfolios. So I think that is important. I think I would put it in the category of people are hopeful that it’s going to happen and it really needs to happen before we move into the next year. So I think the best top of mind on everybody’s to-do list is we continue to try to support that change.
Marty Flanaga: Yes, it feels like clean shares, over time, make an awful lot of sense. I think it’s going to follow the transition to the advisory model where I think that would be a really good thing, because right now, mutual funds are disadvantaged from the standpoint that they are really a paying agent, so it makes the expense ratio really inflated when you look at it vis-a-vis something like an ETF, because you are literally paying for service and distribution costs in that model. In the advisory model, the overall fee is what is paying for the financial advice and the mutual fund within it would have the clean share lower expense ratio, and frankly, would be on a more level playing field with things like ETFs. And again, vehicles are not ways to meet investment objectives, but they are – they have different attributes which are helpful to different situations. So that’s probably where it’s going to end up, but it’s probably going to take a couple of years to get there, I would guess.
