Martin L. Flanagan: Thank you very much; and thank you, everybody for joining us. And if you're so inclined, you can follow along the presentation, which is on our website. And as has been our practice, I'll hit some of the highlights of the business during the first quarter; Loren will go into greater details within the financials of the quarter; I will then spend a few minutes really talking about some of the key differentiators of our strategy and put that in the context of growth opportunities; and then, of course, we'll open up to Q&A. So, let me begin by highlighting the operating results for the first quarter, and that's on page 4 if you happen to be following along. Long-term investment performance remained strong during the quarter. We had net inflows of $300 million during the quarter. We did see the impact of market volatility, impacting investor behavior, which impacted net flows during the quarter negatively. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 37.3% versus 39.6% in the prior quarter. We did return $120 million to shareholders through dividends during the quarter. And reflecting the strength of the business and the focus on providing returns to shareholders, we are increasing the quarterly dividend to $0.30, which is a 3.4% increase. Turning to page 5. You'll note the investment performance continues to be strong in a three and five-year basis, 68% and 70%, respectively. And although the long-term investment performance remained strong, we did see headwinds in one-year numbers, the short-term numbers being impacted by some relative underperformance in some of the larger strategies in the U.S. and the UK. Turning to flows. What we did see is quite a bit of demand for our passive capabilities, and which is very robust, with particular strength in our commodity ETFs, both in Europe and the United States during the quarter. On the active side, and in our retail business, the flow environment remained somewhat challenged with the uptick in volatility, which I mentioned, in particular, in the U.S. and UK equities, as well as outflows from our sub-advised REIT in Japan. As an offset, we did see strong institutional demand and solid flows in areas such as stable value, Global Targeted Return and a number of our quantitative strategies globally. With that, as a summary, let me turn it to Loren and have him go to more detail in the financial results.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So, look, we look at these with a high conviction that this is where any of the market is going. And again, just like many of us, just traveling world, being in Asia, being in EMEA, and obviously, in the United States, the time spent with the clients, more and more, is very clear to me that clients and platforms are dealing with fewer firms. Having strong investment capabilities is very important, but reality, I'd say, going forward, it's table stakes. And the greater traction that we're seeing is the broader range of capabilities that we have the, the engagements with solutions, and even large sophisticated institutions looking for us to partner with them with analytical tools, even though they have those capabilities, it's really a very different mindset that is emerging. And so, we see that those are the things that are going to continue to provide growth. So, the overall effect of fee rate though, I really put in the context is it's really going to be driven by where the clients are building their portfolios. And as we are moving much more towards growing the factor capability in ETFs, the relative fee rate is lower than alternatives or high conviction active, and so, the blend's really going to depend on where clients go. So, I can't give you a specific answer to where the fee rate goes, but what I do know the growth and profitability will continue to be – enhances our growth and earnings as we go forward.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So, where our aspirations are, is really to be the leader in smart beta factor. We think that's where the greatest impact is for clients, where there emerging need is, that has been our focus, it will continue to be our focus. The last two, Guggenheim and Source, have been very, very important. Guggenheim's been closed all of the handful of weeks. The early responses are very, very positive. We are now in the mode of getting the range of those Guggenheim ETFs on the platforms. They were not broadly placed at all. That is the opportunity for us, which will drive the growth flows (00:35:05) that you're talking about. We don't drive that timetable, but we've met with all the important platforms as you would imagine. The feedback's been extremely positive, but I can't tell you what their timeframe is for making those decisions. But, outside of that, the interactions that we've had with the FAs has been very, very strong already.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. Our view really has not changed. I think, what we are seeing in the landscape is focus on value for money. And we still say, you have to be competitively priced. And what we are seeing in most regions of the world, but probably, to varying different degrees, a broader use from cap weighted indexes, to factors, to high conviction active and alternatives. And yeah, that's really what's going to drive the mix. And yeah, that's part of what we're seeing as an organization as we continue to bring factors up to a broader part of the footprint for us as an organization. So, I don't know that I can give you any greater insight than what you're seeing within the organization and what we've talked about historically.
Martin L. Flanagan: I think, that's fair. But what you are still seeing though, and it's more pronounced in United States than in the UK, on the continent right now. So, you continue to see a very high use of high conviction active portfolios. We are seeing that still, so you've not seen that issue. The issue that you do see, probably UK, in particular, has been a very high degree of focus. And I'd say rightfully on sort of closet indexers that are "active investors," and that is the most at risk group of money managers. We are not anywhere near that category. And so, from that perspective, we think we are very strongly placed.
Martin L. Flanagan: Look, I think you all are having your conversations with your clients, too. And what we are definitely – there's more unease and conviction and where equity markets are going in particular. And we have seen people get more defensive – or the conversations are more defensive than what we've seen historically. That can change as rapidly as it turned into that. And again, that is the one large redemption that Loren talked about that was exactly a result of moving to a defensive position. It's very hard for us, and frankly, impossible to predict those decisions. They tend to happen pretty quickly. And where we have insight into the positive pipeline, we tend to not to do a great job of, as we've been very direct historically, is when people make these other decisions based on our portfolio repositioning.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So, the timing again has not changed, right. Where we will start to see an impact is 2019, and it's once these institutions are on the platform. And we'll have to give you greater insight into the impact. I would imagine it will be a relatively slow build, but what we are seeing, is what's really going to happen after these institutions, is the pipeline just getting that much more robust and much bigger onboarding into 2019. But we'll have to – as we get further into the year and have a greater sense of conviction, then we'll have that conversation. I would be uncomfortable in extrapolating that right now.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, no. It is no question, it is – we believe it's really important competitive advantage for us. It is also consistent with what we've been talking about. We see the future is – being a strong set of investment capabilities is very important, but it's table stakes. And it's these types of developments is really what's going to create this competitive advantage and the necessity that's being driven as we look forward. So, again, Bill asked the same question. I really am not in a position to give you the potential sizing of the flow into 2019 at this point in time. The fact is, the institutions are large, and we would anticipate that we will be successful, as we serve them going forward. And yeah, I wish, I could give you more insights, but I would...
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, we believe that very strongly, and I think evidence would – and the facts would support that. We've been at this now over a decade. Just having an ETF does not mean you're going to be successful, and the range of capability and the knowledge that goes along with it is really quite different. It is not a natural extension to whether it'd be historical, retail, distribution success or institutional success either. It is quite different. And so, will it bring on new ETFs? Probably. Do we think it's going to change our competitive positioning? I don't think so.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So, my sense of it is, it's the right question. And if you look at the gross and the net in the quarter, the outflows, I think, it's much more related to the sentiment change within the quarter, just the magnitude of the change. And Loren's hit on a couple things that we've seen happen. I think to your point of the narrowing of the platforms in the U.S. in particular, that is going to put money in motion. But remember, being taken off the platform, or having your fund not available for future sales is not foreseeing immediate redemptions. So, I don't think that's – that's going to take time. The people that, and the capabilities that remain on those platforms, they will be net beneficiaries, but I see that being slower than you might imagine because of, again, the correct answer, not foreseeing a client out of a capability that they chose to be in.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. No, you're right. Look, I would say, the fact is we were – I would say, we are not capturing what we would want to. And so, how do you change that? And I think historical efforts will not change that at all, right. So, historical practices of being in front of a platform or an FA aren't going to change it. So, what will change it are things that we started to employ in – last year was really the pilot, and in really much more in action right now. And it's our use of predictive analytics, and it has been incredibly beneficial to us. And you can really start to see – actually, literally predict where FAs are going to be putting money, where they're about to redeem, and we are using that in a very positive way to do exactly what you're talking about. So, yeah, again, we're 12 months into it right now. Does it show up in the numbers? Not to the degree that would change your, as you say, the $56 billion in, $56 billion out, but we think it's that those types of things that will create the very different outcomes going forward. And again, I think it gets back to this topic that we have collectively been talking about the competitive environment. You need to have the financial resources and the wherewithal to invest in those technologies to be effective going forward. And I'm just not sure that the totality of the money managers in the industry is going to have that wherewithal. Those that do will end up being much stronger going forward, and we happen to be one of them.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, no. I think what I would like to put in context is what Loren talked about earlier during the presentation, and where he showed the advantages of diversification going back to 2009. And this range of 3% or 5%, it's not unknown to us. We've been in the range over those periods of time. The other thing that's factual is that the consistency of our growth is very unique in the industry. What we want to change is have the consistency be within that 3% to 5% range. And I think, the clients are really going to decide where they're going to put their assets. The effort is to drive the totality of our penetration up with our clients, and there's many areas that we can be doing a better job of that, and whether it be the institutional parts of our business that we've talked about, a broader penetration on platforms, et cetera, and greater success in the broadening of the penetration of our ETF platforms in the U.S. and in EMEA probably, in particular. So, that's really what we think is going to drive it, in particular, it's the totality of the offering. And really, that's just being much more effective with our distribution capabilities.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, it is a real growth opportunity. And again, as you're saying, money managers are turning their attention to it. We have been quite successful in the area. It is also an area where if you look at the skills that we've developed internally over the last few years, a number of the backgrounds are coming from the insurance industry and having that specific expertise really, really matters. And again, it is an area where we have seen success, and we will continue to see success, and frankly, is probably going to be one of the relative areas of relative strength within our institutional business in particular.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. And Loren was talking about it. I think we have developed quite a strong discipline around pricing within the ETF capability. And again, it is back to the comment I made earlier. It is a very different set of capabilities. And frankly, in the mutual fund world, we feel that the BulletShares are really one of the very attractive elements of Guggenheim. And we're not trying to be the low-cost provider at all, but really focused on this value for money. And we think it is appropriately priced right now, competitively priced. We are looking at the whole range of our ETF lineup as we said we would post the acquisition. And you'll see probably some duplications and things like that, that will be addressed during that period of time. But nothing immediately in front of us, but we'll continue to look at the competitive positioning of our ETFs as we look forward.
Martin L. Flanagan: You're on a really, really, really important point. If you listened to the commentary, you would think that – and I'll stay in the United States for a moment, because it's different than other markets. You would think that the adoption rate of smart beta factors is at a very high level; in fact, it's not. It's not at all, where it can be. And what we are seeing, and this could be whether it'd be platforms, financial advisors, or some institutions, the intellectual merits are embraced. The how to use it, how to implement factors in a portfolio and build portfolios extending again high conviction active alternatives and factors, it is not well-developed. And so, that's why I come back to how are we making an impact. There's a huge educational element of not just what it is, but how do you use it. That's where the Solutions team also comes into play, too, because we literally help people build model and analytics of how, in fact, to use them. And it's just not at the institutional level, it's actually at corner offices, FAS, where our analytics team is helping them determine how to build portfolios more effectively to create the outcomes that they want. So, the fact of the matter is, it is early days, and so, you're exactly right, it is – at the moment, it's not a bought capability, it's much more a learned or sold capability. And as the adoption rate goes up, I think, that's where you're going to start to see a much greater momentum in the flows in these areas. Factors outside of the United States, and in particular, in Europe, institutionally have been embraced much more holistically for good long period of time, and that's just at a different level now. I would say, at a retail level, it's probably similar to the United States. And quite frankly, there's still much greater appetite for active investing whether, it'd be fixed income and/or equities in the U.K. and on the continent. We have, frankly, the same thing for the retail channel in Asia. I will also tell you it has been a marked change of interest in the beginning adoption of factor capabilities in Asia, China, and Japan, frankly, in particular, from the interactions that we've been having.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. So, let me clarify a point. The investment teams, they are built by – under unique philosophies and processes, but it's all on a single platform. And so, the tools are available to all of the teams, and they're used in different ways. And the reality of the situation is every one of these teams, and if you go back to our quantitative team that's been since the early 1980s, they've always adopted new technologies to enhance their quantitative models, and that's exactly what's happening right now. And so, the adoption of the tools is really driven by each of the investment management teams. And it'll be no different than in the past, and they will continue to be adopted in that manner. So, I don't know if that's helpful or not.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah. I'll make a couple comments. We probably don't talk about it a lot. Or our China position, I'd say, is arguably one of the strongest in the industry. Invesco Great Wall continues to do quite well in the marketplace, and the penetration continues to increase. And back to some of the topics that we're talking about, the other thing, it's a very different market. And we are frankly learning a lot about using technologies and retail channels in China, because they are actually more advanced in many parts of the world. And that is one of the things that led to Jemstep a number of years ago. So, we also see other opportunities with some of the digital platforms in China. And again, we'll just have to – we'd be more specific here on that. Institutionally, we continue to be very, very strong, I'd argue, probably top three institutional managers, multiple mandates with everybody that you would hope to be there. As you say, the changing dynamics from a opportunity to change our 49% shareholding is top of mind right now. And as soon as we can have that change, it will be changed, which is also another real positive for us as an organization. And to your point, Michael, the bigger topic is – the opportunity probably has never been bigger in China just because of some of the developments that are happening there. And we feel extraordinarily well placed in that market.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I'd just add, I mean, as you know, as best we can tell, we're the only Western firm, where the name is led by Invesco Great Wall. And we also have management control of the JV, and I think that's also unique in the market. So, part of the success of the JV is we are able to utilize the capabilities of Invesco, whether it be investment disciplines and the like, that are probably not afforded to other JVs. And literally, we operate as a single organization in the market, and jointly going to clients, recognizing it as a JV even. So, again, we just feel we're in a very strong place in that marketplace.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yeah, no. What we're talking about these clients, they pick one digital platform, so it is – think of you as an organization, you choose an application, you install the application in your environment, and that's really the point here. No institution wants multiple digital platforms; they want one to serve their financial advisors and their wealth managers and the like. And so, that's really the point. Being first to market and the penetration with the clients puts you in a very unique situation. You become a service provider to these institutions. It is white-labeled; it is open platform. But we think our decision to do that was, we think, very, very wise. No way would an institution want to not have open platform and not – an organization like us not recognize that we are their client, we are serving them. And I think that has served us very, very well to-date here. And I think Loren also made a point, depending on the institution, what we are seeing is they start to turn to an organization like us to provide models for their platforms. And again, this gets back to how do the models happen. It's a combination of being the digital advice platform; the combination of our Solutions team working with the client to determine what they want built for their clients; then using a combination again of our active factor capabilities, whether it'd be mutual funds and ETFs to build these models for the clients. And again that just really gets back to – you have to look at the totality of the offering. And you have the relative market share and time. We are modeling to be quite dramatically different to the upside and a traditional relationship to a traditional platform.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's a good question. And I guess, we collectively have talked down a path, it's been organic growth rate. And I think, what the organic growth rate does do, I mean, it is sort of a momentum measure, right, and penetration, so there is something healthy about it. But where I think the conversation gets lost probably is where you're going, right. So, we've been focused on our effective fee rate and what's driving that change. Where we see the bulk of our effective fee rate changing, it's really going to be the asset mix more than anything else. And what do we think is going to happen with – so if you start to dissect it, in a way, if you looked at this, – again the range of capabilities, over time where are the bulk of our assets are going to be? They're going to be in probably factor capabilities. Why would that be the case? Because traditional active, you're going to hit – we know that equity capabilities, in particular, there's a limitation to the size if you're going to generate alpha. So, when an investment team says no more, we shut them down. And I think that's the right thing to do. And that is – and I'd say, the same thing on alternatives, right. There's going to be a limitation to the size. And so, when we looked forward, we made the determination to fully service clients. We needed this whole range of capabilities and recognizing that you can build absolute scale and factor capabilities, while frankly, meeting client needs. So, that is really the conversation we've been having. And you're really pulling it out in a different way. And I think understanding that is really important and the implications. What's the point of it, if you look at our ETF business or factor business, it's lower fee, but it's finally profitable, right. And that is really what you're driving to, you're going to get scale, and you're going to get the profitability, and the earnings growth because of it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Thank you very much on behalf of Loren and myself and the Invesco team. Thank you for your time and interest. And we will be talking to you soon. Have a good rest of the day.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. Good question. So, we would expect the guidance to be, I mean, largely intact except for compensation is going to flex down in the sense that revenues are down, competition flexes down, too. So, without getting too explicit, I think we'll see where that goes. But it's probably some $10 million less than we had guided previously. So, you're in more like the $400 million to $405 million per quarter range going through 2018. So, that's one change to the guidance in theory. And then, the other one would be G&A, which has the revenue recognition impact. So, $4.2 million has moved from G&A up to the revenue line items. And so, that would be a reduction of G&A by $4.2 million. So, those would be the two I'd point you to. Obviously, we will continue to look at trying to be more effective and efficient with our resources. And it really will depend on what sort of market environment we're going to end up in. It's been rather volatile. But certainly, people should understand that we are all currently flexed down comp in light of lower revenues.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. And, Mike, I think in terms of incremental margins, I mean, certainly for this year, we're probably still in the range that we've been talking about historically for this year, that sort of 40% to 50% incremental margin. Longer term, I don't think anybody sort of said we're changing the long-term view being closer to that 50% to 65%. Obviously, we will continue to sort of see how the market is shifting and changing. But certainly, what we're doing is we're trying to build scale in our capabilities, which has very positive incremental margin impacts by doing so and trying to get a little bit less subscale in some parts of our capabilities. So, overall, I think we're still quite optimistic on the incremental margin story. But that's changing landscape still with us getting into some new areas like digital advice, still brand new.
Loren M. Starr: All right. So, in terms of the region, the large sovereign wealth happened in our EMEA region. And the asset class was active equity, sub-advised U.S. active equity as well. They were not performance-based decisions; these were client-based decisions entirely. Our performance was excellent in these products. So, again, I think, for the sub-advised, different models being employed, going to index versus active. And then, in the sovereign wealth, I think it's very specific to the client's needs for our cash.
Loren M. Starr: So, I think, again, early days to see, if we're going to change and maybe improve our growth trajectory, above and beyond what we have had originally modeled, because it's early days. I think we have a slightly lower IRR, just given some of the fee reductions that you heard about on the BulletShares. But that impact was probably just 1 percentage point of IRR, so still, solidly in the 20s. And then EPS creation probably nicked off $0.01 in 2018, as a result of that. And again, so I think, it's modest move off of those prior levels. Hopefully, we can make that up to higher growth.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. No problem, Brennan. So, we have a few things coming through. So, starting kind of at the 41 basis points, which was our original guidance. It's really AUM mix in terms of growth in non-revenue fee generating assets as well as where we're seeing the flows, which are more recently biased to lower fee products. And so, that's about 0.5 basis point. The revenue recognition changes, which we talked about a little bit already, we think that's going to be about 0.3 basis points off of our original guidance, which had no rev rec impact there. Strategic pricing initiatives, just generally call that, pricing our products in a way that keeps them competitive. That's probably 0.1 basis point impact. Foreign exchange is about 0.1 basis points negative, too. So, if you add up all those things, you go from 41 basis points to 40 basis points.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. No question. I mean, I think April was an anomaly, we certainly don't expect that to be a monthly run rate. It was really specific to two events that we don't think are going to be recurring. We'll get into a bit of pipeline. Institutional pipeline is still strong, still at the high level. I think we have seen some creeping up of redemptions generally, and so I think that's sort of something that just keeps us a little less optimistic about getting to a higher level of growth rate than we've historically seen. Overall, opportunities still exist on sales. So, I think when you look at what to expect in 2018, I think, again just looking to more recent history, is probably the right basis point – or the right point of focus.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah, it's a great question. The overall sub-advised book is more than $30 billion, and so, it's not small. When I asked that exact same question, I think – the answer is that this is not a trend. This is really just specific clients who have made some things. And yes, there's been a few data points of it happening, but I don't think there's any expectation on our side that this is going to just sort of all go away. I think it is a factor. Several factors come into play in terms of these clients making these decisions. They're not all the same in terms of how they're being made. But, there is a handful of (00:45:13) of onesies and twosies that are chunky. So, that's our hope based on our best intelligence.
Loren M. Starr: So, on the $3.5 million, it was about $2 billion for the sovereign, $1.5 billion for the sub-advised, so that was kind of the mix, all decent fees unfortunately. So, the pricing pressure, I think, is probably more profound on the smart beta, in general ETF space. I mean, as we're looking at how we position products against some of the competitors, and it's not everything has to go to a lower price, but making sure that our product lineup, particularly like Guggenheim coming over, is priced so it's competitively positioned against similar products of similar size, is critical for success. And so, I'd say, that's probably where our focus is most on sort of strategically pricing product. I think on the active product, to the extent that we have capabilities that are good, there's probably far less need for us to think about changing the pricing on those products, because one, they're generally priced well and in line with competitors; and number two, there's value there in terms of the alpha that they have historically generated into sort of – buy flows or buy assets through lowering fees has not been our strategy. And I don't know, Marty, if you got...
Loren M. Starr: ...to base it on, really. So, I think we have a clear view that out to 2020 and kind of if this all kind of happens the way we think it is, I mean, we're talking about substantial amounts of assets with not so much penetration. I mean, even assuming modest penetration...
Loren M. Starr: I mean we're certainly in the tens of billions, $50 billion – I mean, that kind of number of the assets being gathered through digital advice. How it gets there, because we don't have enough really to trend line anything, is what is the problem for us, Bill (sic) [Craig] (50:43), that, it's just too hard for us to guess.
Loren M. Starr: So, I mean, the good question, I think it's going to depend on what sort of market environment we're in. We're really looking at this more from a function that we have this broad set of capabilities that we can bring together in conjunction with sort of catalysts around digital advice, factors just generally – so, these are kind of general themes that cut across asset classes. And so, I would say, I mean, generally, we think passive is probably going to continue to grow at a faster rate than active. So, that's one aspect to the 3% to 5%. Whether it's going to be fixed income versus equity, versus alternatives that's a little harder to predict, although I think we're pretty well-positioned with both shares in particular to grow that asset class in the passive space. But I don't think we are able to really lay it out with that degree of specificity with any sense of certainty, other than kind of the active versus passive split, I think, is probably the most real (00:58:17). I think the other thing that we probably would say though is that we think alternatives will continue to grow probably at a faster rate generally than other sort of more traditional classes as been the history for us. And so, we're just looking at the trend line there that, that would continue to be an area of higher growth for us, not just in our real estate, but in commodities. Some of the Global Targeted Return types of products, we think will have a lot of opportunity to grow faster. And Marty, I don't know if you have any...
Loren M. Starr: So, on the cost opportunity side, we do think there's always further opportunity to do more. We continue to look at other things that are not currently in that run rate. I think in terms of the overall program that was put in place a while back in terms of optimization with the specific activities being identified, that is going to come to a close in 2018. We're really going to be, I think, done with the optimization program per se, but we are going to continue, I think, to roll through some fairly, hopefully, significant opportunities to continue to look at technology more effectively, potentially outsource other activities within the firm to the extent that it makes sense. Someone can do it better, cheaper, faster, whatever. Those are the things that we need to continue to be focused on. Use of robotics is another one that people are looking at obviously. It's an opportunity for lots of firms, not just us. So, I would say more to come on that one and should allow us to continue to grow with a good cost at a slower pace than revenues. And so, with that said, I don't think anybody internally has said that, that 50% to 65% goes away. And that 2019 opportunity may still certainly exist for us to be able to deliver at those levels. But I also mentioned, we have to get through 2018 to sort of get a clear view of where we are in 2019. So, not ready to sort of commit at this point that, that is locked in, other than there's nothing that implicitly says it can't happen.
Loren M. Starr: I do know – I mean, we are looking specifically at things like natural language as an opportunity to be able to go through some of the filings more effectively. So, that's work in progress right now. And I also know there's some exploration around the use of AI, specifically around macroeconomic views and the bets around macroeconomic events. So, I think it's all been explored. I think there are – the teams that are embracing them. But it's additive to their existing processes, as opposed to taking parts out.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, this is all fundamental teams that we're talking about. The quantity teams have been doing this for a long time.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah, I would just say, I mean, they're flowing really well. The products, fundamental and quantitative, fixed income, I mean, it's really doing well. I think, the overall joint venture is one of the largest and seem to be one of the most successful there. It's about $20 billion in size and rapidly growing. So, there's a lot of focus on kind of how do we continue to grow our opportunities with the Great Wall. And we also have a WOFE as well, so that is another element – that Wholly Owned Foreign Entity (sic) [Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise] (01:14:16), I think, is what that stands for, which is yet another kind of element into the whole Greater China strategy.
Loren M. Starr: So, obviously we just finished an acquisition, and so our priorities is really paying down the credit facility, as we mentioned, to bring our leverage back down to pre-acquisition levels. Once we get to that, which we expect to happen sometime in Q4, we would expect our normal capital priorities to kick back in, which really is investing behind the business, which would be mostly seeding products – have sort of contained needs there, roughly – historically, has been somewhere around $100 million, $200 million a year, then would be an ever-increasing dividend. And you saw what we did in terms of that increase, modest, but again, consistent growth in our dividend. And then the remainder could be allocated to buybacks, which again, is something that we're looking forward to, given the stock price, where it is. In terms of acquisition strategies, as I mentioned, I think our focus is really trying to leverage what has just come onboard between Source and Guggenheim. There are continuing opportunities that present themselves to us. And I think just as we've always done, we've been open to looking at those in terms of what they might bring, but has not been the key focus to our success at all. We think we should be able to grow organically, first and foremost, but we're paying attention as the industry is shifting and moving and certain things may be more interesting than others. And I don't know Marty if you want to add to that as well.
Loren M. Starr: I don't think the exposure is large. I think it's probably $5 billion or less. Some of the other trusts have already gone through and have made some adjustments. This was a particular situation that I don't know if we can really comment too deeply on in terms of kind of where that dispute was, and seems more anomalous again than sort of a theme.
Loren M. Starr: Yeah. And I think, I mean, obviously, we're fiduciary and our focus is on our clients, and that doesn't mean earnings growth or profits don't matter, they absolutely do. And certainly, I spend a lot of time thinking about them myself. But, in terms of kind of the metric there, everybody internally is focused on, growth is really a measure. We've got a growth measure. Do our client want our products? I mean, are we serving our clients well? It's really a measure of health. And then, from that, comes revenues and profits. So, again, I think from maybe your perspective, I certainly get the question. I think internally, people would still find organic growth, sort of a very good measure of whether we're doing the right things by clients.
