Loren M. Starr: Hey, Michael, it's Loren. The snapback has been pretty dramatic. I would use the word. I mean I don't like to use such a explosive [ph] hyperbole, but it's been pretty dramatic. So we're definitely seeing something that's much more like I'd say the first quarter than what we saw in the second quarter just to give you a sense of the size. Obviously, we're only into the quarter so many weeks in and so again we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to see a continuation. It's across many different products. So it's certainly the Qs, you can see those numbers pretty clearly, but it's not just the Qs. It's definitely across some of the real estate, bank loans, RDR that we talked about so it's across many, many different categories and geographies, so I would say as well.
Loren M. Starr: Mike, I just -- one point, I would say the fee waivers that we've had to -- now that we've had with our Money Market has been minimal probably about 5, maybe a little bit more million for a full year. So because we really has been mostly institutional basis. And in fact, we're seeing repo rates improve. And so the fee waiver topic has actually been a little bit alleviated generally for the industry, I would say just in this -- coming into this quarter. And obviously, the outflow that you saw this quarter, I think, was a little bit of anomaly. I think it was 1 client who -- there's a lot of specific sort of 1-client activity that caused some of the outflows. Generally, we think that the Money Market business will continue to grow x any regulatory overlayer topic that's still a very important product for institutions and they're using them.
Loren M. Starr: Another thing I would add is -- I mean, all these things are pretty chunky, right? So things come in, things come out. They really do sort of create some noise within the quarter. I think as Marty said when things get volatile, things slow down in terms of coming in, you'll tend to see more coming out, but on balance, the stuff that we see on the horizon, big chunky things coming in, by far, outweigh stuff that might go out. So I'm not saying things don't go out, things will go out still, but far and away the stuff coming in that we're seeing is well in excess of those elements going out. So that's why we're confident.
Loren M. Starr: So our waivers, I mean, good news is that's going to happen, and so you'd expect to see that starting. Well it's always happening. So we're looking forward to seeing that improve our revenue yields into the last half and then going forward. The other revenues that you said was probably the biggest surprise. Not -- it wasn't really a surprise in a sense that we've seen in the past and where when markets get volatile, transactions slow down and sellers become less willing to sell and buyers become more cautious. And that's kind of what we saw. We think that, that will recover somewhat. But again I think we need to sort of be realistic that it could remain at somewhat lower levels into the last half of the year depending on what sort of market we're going to see. But I would be hopeful that we'll see some left off of the current number being closer to high 20s, 30s, as opposed to mid-20s. So that's something I think it's hard to model. I couldn't tell you exactly what to put in there other than I'm hoping it's going to be somewhat better. Given -- certainly given what we are seeing in July. Generally, there seems to be a lot -- slightly better mood in terms of the markets. So I think that's the kind of one part of it. In terms of the expenses, I think we highlighted that we're sort of a one-off $1.7 million exit charge, obviously, that would not be recurring. I don't think there's anything that I would say is particularly noteworthy in the quarter that I need to point out as being unusual or sort of falling away or coming in.
Loren M. Starr: There is, Ken. There's a small percentage, usually performance fees could be 15% comp paid out, but it can range up to 50, so it depends on the area. I don't want to get specific about what our bank loan group gets paid. But yes, there is a comp element.
Loren M. Starr: Because we -- all right. We certainly do provide some detail in the back, and I think it's in the presentation. So we saw sort of outflows across most of the regions other than Continental Europe, if I'm correct here. And we -- some of the one-off things that Marty talked about rippled through the geographic elements, the stable values will be a U.S. phenomenon. There were certainly some -- we talked about in the past in terms of the U.K, there was 1 placement, 1 platform placement that adjusted the amount of corporate bond product that we had, so that was probably the biggest piece of what was going on in the U.K. Canada is actually an improving story. I would say that the outflows continue to get less, and we're seeing more growth in sales and the performance, I would just highlight, we didn't talk about it. It continues to improve significantly across the time frames that people care about. So I would say Invesco, Canada, Trimark product are all sort of really on the right trajectory to say that we're seeing improvement here. The Continental Europe positive flows were off of a lot of the balance risk product and also some of the Fixed Income product. And then in Asia, we saw some outflow really was one capability. That was really saw [ph] Australian equities an that probably limited. So that's not something that's going to recur. So it's a one-off thing around each region. Generally, good strengths across all the regions if you back those pieces out.
Loren M. Starr: So outside the U.S., the biggest elements would be in Canada and in Continental Europe. I think within -- the biggest one will be Continental Europe out of the 2 right now. I think that was probably somewhere around $500 million within Continental Europe for the ABRA product, and that's one we think we will continue to grow, and we do think that one on Canada will continue to grow. The U.K. is pretty new. The introduction was just happened at the beginning of the year. They've spent some time introducing the product. I think that it'll take more time before it will take -- and get traction but it's one that, I think, if you ask the U.K. team, they're very optimistic that it has a lot of potential to grow, but it just takes time. It took a lot of time in the U.S. It'll take time in the U.K. Now we recently introduced it into Asia as well, I think, in Japan. That's also pretty new so it's going to take some time there as well. But overall, I think there's a lot of demand for this product. It's one that is our hope bowl [ph]. See [ph] what will happen in Continental Europe will also happen in each of the regions.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think we did about half in buyback and half in dividends. I think we have said we're trying to make dividends the bigger feature in terms of how we return capital. So we didn't do that. Dividends will be more of the future going to the second half than buybacks. I'd say in the vacuum, obviously, we do pay attention to the stock price. We do look at opportunities. And so we don't have some sort of formulaic approach to how we would do buybacks, so we will take advantage if we see an opportunity. So again I think we're -- our interest is probably still pretty high in terms of buybacks just generally because the price seems depressed and relative to our level of optimism. There's a disconnect there. But we are obviously going to be disciplined in terms of how we use our capital and then return capital, and we do have some desire to continue to work on the credit facility, which picked up a little bit in the second quarter. So I do think it's going to be a balanced approach through the second half.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I think in terms of the level of new fund launches and the things that were supposed to happen in the second quarter that didn't, that got pushed in the third quarter, that stuff is happening now. And so I'd say we feel very optimistic about the pipeline there on real estate. I think generally in terms of the speed with which they are deploying capital, I think, may still be at a slightly lower level than what we've seen historically. But in terms of the interest of the products and the win rates and the RFPs, that is going very strong.
Loren M. Starr: Roger, well it's like the day after that 3-year record we got, I think, 2 huge -- 2 large platforms that came in. So it definitely had an impact, and I'd say we do think it's going to have continued impact going forward. We obviously got the Morningstar rating too. It took a little later after we got the 3-year record. I think there is going to be some advertising promotion around the 5-year. We've got a 5-star rating what [ph] waived on that product, and so that probably will also help accelerate the knowledge of this product, which is again pretty new on the scene.
Loren M. Starr: Roger, I think it's going to be mostly a function of existing product mixes. I mean we have merged a few new product -- a few -- there was some other fund mergers and there's definitely some closed and fund mergers that took place. So I don't want to say that everything's completely done because we still have a little bit of activity that completed and needs to get completed by the Q3. But I'd say, generally, it's not about new products and new positioning. It's really just execution on the existing set of relationships that we have.
Loren M. Starr: So I guess in terms of things that would payout in Q3, I think there is an emerging hope I would say on our side. That we're going to begin to see more Quant [ph] performance fees. We saw some small performance fees. Their performance is really dramatically turned, and so I'd say they're moving closer into the territory where we might begin to see performance fees coming back on that capability. Still too early I'd say to clear that, but it's sort of if you remember, it features a lot in our prior performance fees historically and then it stopped for a while. So that's some kind of one element. But Q4, you'd see the U.K. and you'd see Atlantic Trust as 2 elements. The products and our network business might trust that is generating performance to MLP product is doing well. It's above its benchmark and so it certainly, at this point, if you were to stop the music and you see a nice performance fee there. But it's very volatile. So again it's hard to predict and hard to forecast. The U.K. would also have some amount of performance fees. It tends to be more of a first quarter than a fourth quarter event. And then real estate is another element that could definitely show performance fees. We've seen some good performance fees coming from real estate. I think we would hope to continue to see performance fees coming from real estate, could be Q3, could be Q4. But the performance is very good there, and so that would be another place. Bank loans can also generate it as I mentioned, and we saw some of this quarter, but that's usually, it's is some [ph] sort of a wind down of an existing CLO sort of rolled into another one. And so those don't happen all the time, but when they do you can definitely see those fees come in.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I think we've said that fee waiver was sort of $30 million annualized. That was kind of the impact, and so we'd see sort of coming in $7.5 million a quarter in revenues Q3 versus Q2. So that'd be the numbers I'd point to. I think that's largely directionally correct, plus or minus. It's probably not much more complicated than that.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. It's a good question. So when we think about alternative flows, we have to sort of pull into various pieces. Some of the noise that you've been seeing in terms of the outflows have been related to the Deutsche Bank PowerShares products, which are the commodity products. And so commodities were [indiscernible] out, as Marty mentioned, I think $0.8 billion or something like that or $0.9 billion in the quarter. So that can sort of run, plus or minus depending on what people are doing with in thinking about commodities. The real estate is another piece. And as I mentioned, I think that's one that will continue to run. We did see a little bit of slowdown in terms of acquisition activity meaning the funds acquiring new assets, just because the volatility in the markets. We're hopeful that, that will sort of lift a little bit into the second half, which could help flows come in because we don't recognize those commitments until they translate into investments. So we think that will help. We saw some private equity come in this quarter. That probably is not something that would continue. Obviously, that was related to just the fund 5. And then bank loans, it would be an area where I think we would hope to see more activity. We've seen a lot of interest sort of emerged in Asia and other places for this capability. It's one that has been put on buy-plus ratings with our consultants and so we think it is sort of in a good position because we are one of the market leaders in that space right now.
Loren M. Starr: One thing I would just mention is that a lot of the teams in the U.K. are now managing assets that are being sold into Europe, actually into Canada, into the U.S. now. So there is a flow of assets that are coming in, not just from the U.K. that is going to support positive flows for that team.
Loren M. Starr: I'll also just mention that what we saw in the Qs Deutsche Bank PowerShares tend to be lower fees, lower economics. So it's not one that I would say is totally material to our P&L even though generally big headline numbers.
Loren M. Starr: And to your point, Cynthia, the fact is before -- advisors were not necessarily sell ETFs in the U.K. because they weren't [indiscernible] -- there wasn't any way for them to get paid but to do so. So with RDR, which says that essentially, the client is going to pay the advisor directly for managing their account. There is a way now for the advisor to get paid to use ETFs whereas before it really didn't exist. And so I think it is the potential for an opening of ETFs in the U.K. that we have not seen in the past.
Loren M. Starr: The one point, it's interesting, I mean, so the market we're in which is sort of [indiscernible] this product does very well, because it really does have sort of a balanced approach in terms of its exposure, and so it's not taking a huge outside bet [ph] on equities coming back or Fixed Income. I think the point that we've said is there is big Equity rally, we probably will see this product slow down because it will not perform like an Equity product. And so I mean, it is right now the perfect product in this type of market. We hope we don't stay in this market forever, but to the extent we are, this product does seem to have the right legs [ph] to continue to appeal to people.
Loren M. Starr: And on Wilbur Ross fund close just to be clear, I mean, we did see the fund closed this quarter so that the total raise, I think, it was about 2.2, but within that 2.2, there was the fund itself. The partnership was about $640 million, just to be clear. That's the one that has 150 basis points in terms of what you're going to see on those things. There was a separate account that was raised alongside that, which was fee raising so total of about $1.2 billion. There was about $1 billion that was coming in through co-investment that we're not going to see fees on. So in terms of the modeling, the biggest number that has an impact would be the 640. Now not all that came in, in the quarter. There was about 190 that came in because some other of those assets had funded earlier. So 150 basis points on the 190 is probably the biggest impact in terms of modeling for your purposes.
Loren M. Starr: It's small catch-up, a pretty minor because it was not a big coming in. So I think about 1.5 million or 1.3 million something like that was the catch-up, so not material.
Martin L. Flanagan: I was trying to make that point. I think very, very importantly, just come back to a couple of comments. One, if you just look at gross sales in the first half of the year, the 20% of the sales are represented by the ABRA suite -- the 25% by the ABRA suite; 60%, still are represented by our equities. And if you then look at the ratings, as I said, 38% of our retail funds representing 6% of the assets are 4 and 5 star rated. And we have for over a year been focused with our distribution partners, a broad range of our capabilities, our flagship funds, the equity income products, the international products, the high-yield munis, so a very, very broad range of capabilities. And I think that's very important just from, I think -- by the way, you're asking the question. We think it's the right thing to do for clients. And we have a very, very strong range of opportunities for the different firms, and we're very, very focused on that.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I would just add, from where are we in this first and foremost, it's -- the money fund product is an excellent one. The other forms the SEC put in place in 2010, they are absolutely working. There is clear evidence of that. There is -- you could be responding to a lot of noise from the regulators right now about further reforms. And again, we and the industry continue to make the very ballad and accurate comment that the reforms are working. It's a great product. It should stay in place. And as you can see from the other recent public comments from a number of the SEC commissioners, they are also uneasy with moving forward with further regulation and something that seems to be working very well until you have to give these reforms more time to continue to improve, make them successful and to have a robust cost benefit analysis. So again, if you could just come back to us specifically, our money front team is very, very strong. And we think it's a great product and it's doing good things for clients. So we're happy where we are.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, it's a good question, so let me try to refine my comments. So I believe that the world is going to exist. I believe that the markets are actually going to ultimately be positive, and that there will be greater clarity of confidence for investors to move forward. Every time that we have these scares, right, we're still coming out of a crisis period where clients seems to be, they get scared, they stop. And so you saw in the second quarter, really, this fear enter into clients again and not just retail, but also institutional clients where they stopped a number of decisions or they would make a risk off move. And so our basic view is you have to separate that from what we're trying to point out is the underlying growing strength of the business, whether it'd be the broad, deep investment performance of the organization, the buy ratings, the number of buy ratings being increased, the number of RFPs that are being picked up. So when you look at RFPs, buy ratings, there is definitely a movement towards people wanting to make decisions. They know they can't be earning 1% in a cash product. And so it's really, when confidence is in place, they'll move forward. Then if you look just specifically for us and, again, I think, it was an area where you had a big stable value decision, where a firm decided to go to a Money Market fund from a stable value movement out of a big global Equity decision was a risk off type decision. So again so they look exaggerated in a quarter when people continue to make these strong moves, risk on, risk off. I personally think we have a couple of big topics whether it'd be Europe or our fiscal situation in the United States. But I think frankly you can see the end of the tunnel in looking into next year. Pretty good outlook.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let's see. So from a qualitative point of view, I think, Bill, it's a combination of consistent, good, long-term performance like that. That allows you to have a conversation with consultants and clients, right? That's the prerequisite to it. Then at the same time, over the years, as the consultant team has now been in place probably 1.5 years, and they are dramatically improved from what we've had in the past. And they are very, very capable and they are doing a very good job connecting with the consultants. And then thirdly, I'd say just from the RFP pickup separately from existing clients or new ones, it's really, frankly, again, just the combination of the performance of the firm, the stability of the firm and the range of capabilities of the firm. And I think those are really the quality, the factors that are ultimately driving what we're seeing. Now with the RFPs being much higher, I mean, obviously, we still have to win them but I mean it's a very different -- and the same thing, just gaining a buy rating doesn't mean -- buy plus rating doesn't mean you're going to get the business, but they're absolutely prerequisites for success.
Martin L. Flanagan: So I don't have the win-loss ratio, Bill. But so and again, this is probably from the lead times to conclusion. I mean they just tend to be quite a bit longer institutionally, right? And they can be a couple of quarters just because that's the timing that the meetings with the different consultants. And again, I just want to reiterate as important it is to have the buy ratings in place. It doesn't mean necessarily that you're going to -- it's going to be a dramatic uptick in flows in the next quarter.
Martin L. Flanagan: No, it's full speed ahead. I mean I think what we've talked about in the past, Bill, and I think everybody on the call would realize -- it's -- what's been abnormal about it is that it's usually you need it through your track record before you move forward, and it's been great success prior to a 3-year track record. And yes, frankly, because of quality of the team has been together so long I think was something but it was still very unique. So even post -- look, it's only a few weeks post the 3-year track record, but all the negations are the platforms. It was not because of it that they're going to go on and there just continues to be interest. And I think even more broadly, the marketplace, the financial advisers are -- there is a broader movement. I think going forward and I don't think it's a 3-month, 6-month phenomenon, but by a multi-year phenomenon that we're looking more to asset managers more and more to be solutions providers for them. And asset allocation type capabilities are going to be here for a long time.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So I wouldn't put it necessarily around an individual. There are a number of changes that we made during the quarter and frankly, what it was more of a response into the marketplace evolving. So we just see a much tighter integration between marketing, sales, product development, execution, and so a number of the changes were much more reflective of trying to match up that way. Peter is obviously a very important part of that, driving the sales component, very talented, been with us for many, many years. And so we think, again, we're responding to strategic directive in the marketplace, and we have -- it's really building on success, and we think we've been effective over the last number of years, and we think this approach will make us even that much more effective.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a good question, Ken. So here's been our approach. They are very strong performing. There is a market condition that is adverse to equities, generally. That said, what have we been doing and we have been doing it again for over a year is that what we're focused on what's the right answer for clients. And looking at how should the clients be positioned into the markets going ahead. And that we frankly are concerned that you could get -- a client could end up upside down they're -- have too much money and Fixed Income products, and we really think a broader allocation into equities, equity income-type products, yes, and Fixed Income, and so we have had a program for over a year with head offices. And again head offices understand this, they're working it very hard, but so are we. So our conversation is not a single threaded [ph] fund. It is a broad range of capabilities of which, I will call our flagship funds. And yes, Van Kempen, the Equity Income-value type products are an important part of that, have been a part of that dialogue. And again, we are thinking that we are probably going to be closer to that being attractive again for individual investors than not. So we're not going to let -- we are not ignoring it and we think it is the right thing for clients and we think it will ultimately do very well.
Martin L. Flanagan: So if I'm understanding the question as I said the RFP activity is up quite dramatically period-over-period along with all the buy ratings. And to your point, yes, we -- probability weighs in all these different types of things and I would not have the confidence to publish those by any stretch of the imagination. But I think you're also very much on the right point where we also like any good organization, you're always trying to pay attention to the client. And when you have a topic, whether you're relatively underperforming or a client is going through a rethink of the asset allocation, you're engaged in those processes. But by the way, the least transparent bits of information you get are when you're going to be terminated. And they can literally happen and that's where we just said, very imperfect information. I think that's probably broadly across the industry. We're trying to stay on top of it, but it happens very specifically and that would happen again the sort of past quarter, right? It's literally driven by 2 things. Recently, I'd say, recently over the last 1.5 years, it would be de-risking within portfolios and all of a sudden liquidity-driven-type reallocation. So again, we try to get better and better at it, but again that is the hardest part of the whole thing.
Martin L. Flanagan: So for us it's obviously very European-focused topic. And so 2 levels. One, we don't have a lot of exposure in European EPS so it's not applicable. But secondly, just as a practice, that's not what we do. So if we securities lend, all the benefit goes back to the funds, which we think is frankly appropriate.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so obviously a very, very strong business. We have a couple different factors going on so maybe the macro environment in the U.K. being a little more pessimistic than the United States. That is a driver on flows. That said, strong equity performance and obviously traditionally through the equity income products but also importantly, the Asian products has been very attractive. The global equity product is something that we're feeling very, very strong about in the area, too. The Japan products, there's a range of things emerging there. Earlier we talked about in the beginning of introductions of multi-strategy asset allocation capabilities, early days there. We anticipate doing more in that area. We think that same phenomenon is going to be emerging in the United Kingdom for a handful of reasons some of the same reasons here in the United States, but also coming out of RDR, the regulatory developments in the area. So we feel we're positioned very, very well in what is a difficult macroeconomic environment but also broad regulatory change in that area also, driven by just the strong, strong, strong investment reputation of the firm.
Martin L. Flanagan: No. Look, I think it's in the strongest position I would argue, in the U.K of almost any firm. Worst case, we're top 3, but I think, again, I think we just could not be better positioned. I think maybe what you're getting into, Rob, is that the economic environment is so bad that people take their money and put it somewhere else. And I don't know that the banks are -- I think it would suggest the opposite. Actually, people putting money into the funds away from the banks.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let's see. Just on the more some of the macro things that you're seeing on the fee side, so we largely do not compete in traditional commodity-type areas. And that seems to be where there's a lot of the fee pressure. We feel we're positioned very, very well and really leading position. We have a fundamental unique aspect-type alternative ETFs. We continue to see our market share actually increase in those areas. And it's going to continue to increase as best we can tell. So we think we're positioned very, very well there. And again this gets -- it's interesting to watch ETFs from a sentiment point of view when I think what you saw in the second quarter was when the risk off element came on, what you saw happened was much of the flow start to move into Fixed Income quite dramatically beyond the typical asset allocation into Fixed Income in the area, and we are seeing the exact opposite happen in ETFs moving into July. So again it's probably going to be for everybody the most volatile area, because they're using such different ways and people responding to exposure.
Martin L. Flanagan: Cynthia, that's a great question, and actually our team is actually spending time on that too. And we just think again one of those strategic topical things that we are focused on. That said, at a more macro level, we feel as disruptive as RDR is going to be a firm like us which from all the information we see is the most highly recognized investment firm in the retail market will do very fine in a move to RDR and brand recognition's going matter an awful lot.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So again we have a range of existing very, very good capabilities. The one probably most well-known to you is -- and others is the International Growth capabilities into Emerging Markets also just world-class team that'll continue to do very, very well. Loren talked about the quantitative team and it's really a fundamental quantitative capability and their global capability. It's long, and it's a very good track record and it's traditionally operated in the institutional markets and, frankly, more successful outside of the United States than inside of united states, so we see that as another opportunity for us. And again when we talked about a little bit earlier, the Invesco Perpetual Global Equity capability global income Equity capability is one that's coming on a 3-year track record, and we think obviously a very, very strong team, very, very capable. So those are areas that we think we have a lot of room for us to be just much more successful in total as an asset class than what we have been. So to your point, we have very strong existing capabilities that we just need to be more successful with our clients.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's great question because I think, Matt, it's sort of all over different, right? And -- but let's talk about it. I think where you can start to see it already, and we've seen bits [ph] over the last 18 months. It's broadly what you would say I'm talking about investors generally, you see them first move into ETFs and probably risk on type ETFs then to equity [ph]. So that was something we saw probably over a year ago all of us as an industry. Where we then start to see the natural progression so you're seeing in credit. Actually you're seeing in high yields, a U.S. phenomena high-yield munis is another area strangely -- I shouldn't strangely, but, yes, uniquely, has an opportunity there. But then again something we've just been talking about really we think is core for us our Equity Income-type capabilities. We think that is -- there is a very strong bias towards a little bit back to the future Equity high-yield dividend-type capability. So our diversified dividend products, the Van Kampen value products we talked about having income. So we see that as going to be an area along frankly with international and emerging markets within it. So that's really the progression. So then when you then get into the pension plan where our DB plan, it's going to be slow-moving and quite frankly, the consultants are advising clients to really de-risk, I personally question that. I think that's -- feels -- it's a day late and a dollar short, and really missing the whole point of it. That said what we are seeing -- that's not all consultants but some of them, but what we are seeing actually within some of our DC plans are they are adding where we've seen and again this might be unique to us, I don't want to suggest it's industry-type thing, but, yes, we are seeing more additions of our international products, and our U.S. Equity products again with sort of the more dividend buys to them. So I don't know if that's helpful. But that's what we're sort of seeing.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I mean, this is just core to what we want to do as a firm and I think everybody as an industry, it's absolutely incumbent upon us to make sure the clients understand what the product is and what it isn't and what type of returns you should expect in different types of market. What clients are responding to, in a very real way coming out of the crisis, it's the fundamental idea of allocating risk. And so it doesn't resonate, right? So if you allocate risk, they can understand that more and it resonates quite nicely with clients, and it has a place, and it has a nice place next to traditional, whether it'd be loan only Equity products or more traditional asset allocation-type capability. So it is -- we spent a lot of time on it, but by the way, this is where I'd say the home offices of the distribution channel is doing excellent job, the consultants frankly doing an excellent job, and we're focused on it, too, and I think it's a nice positive evolution for the industry.
Martin L. Flanagan: And let me just make one more point, and I've said it earlier today, and I'd said in the past, but I think, importantly, it has been very strong performing product onto itself. It is a suite of capabilities that we built out, but also what we spent time with clients on is understanding what their needs are, and putting forward a broad range of solutions, of which this is one component, and we have been for an extended period of time looking at the same combination with a diversified dividend capability or an international capability, or if it's individual maybe a high-yield muni. So I think that gets back to the heart of who we are of a firm with depth and breadth of investment capabilities. And again, we keep talking about performances. If you look at the that, that's the good performance 1, 3, 5 years, those are really what we think are foundational for ongoing success for our clients, which means we, as a firm, and then, obviously, very importantly, shareholders will do very well by that.
Martin L. Flanagan: So just generally on fees I think we, as you and everybody, if we can look at the effective fee rate as an indication of profitability. But I think importantly, effective fee rates doesn't necessarily translate to profitability. So I think that's really getting to the core of one of the topics. The institutional fees tend to be lower but there's awful lot less cost associated with the institutional capabilities so the profitability is still very, very attractive to us. So we don't see that being a topic and then frankly within maybe we're talking about using what ETFs for short and for passives as we just continue to grow profitability will be supported there, and we would imagine increasing profitability if our ETF business continues to expand.
Martin L. Flanagan: Well thank you. And perhaps Loren and myself wanted thank you very much for your time and engagement, and look forward to speaking to everybody next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
