Loren Starr: I will be happy to pick that up, Mike. So the pipeline is being driven really in four big buckets, probably one of the biggest is direct real estate probably 30% of the pipeline continues to be strong driver. Fixed income generally, across broad fixed income, alternative fixed income, stable value, probably another 30%. And then, the remainder is split between asset allocation and multi-asset solutions and then quantitative and regional equities would be other. So it's fairly well diversified and generally high fee. And so when we look at the fee rates of the pipeline, it's actually at one of the highest levels we've ever seen it, it's well above our current net revenue yields for the firm as a whole. And so, as these assets come in it will be accretive to our fee rates, which is great news. Obviously the negative that we've seen in our fee rate is due to the compression on equities just given what's happened in the market and then foreign exchange has also had an impact as well. But in terms of the mix overall on the pipeline, institutional pipeline we think it's very positive for our fee rates.
Loren Starr: And the other thing I would just mention I mean we would expect our fee rate I mean given stability in assets and stability in FX to grow across 2016.
Loren Starr: Yes, I would say given the volatility we're probably going to not give any explicit guidance around line items at this stage. There is a lot of work obviously that I discussed being done around some of this optimization work which will have some impacts on those line items as well. Generally, we are working hard to bring expenses down. Right, as you can imagine year-over-year decline in expenses. Our compensation generally moves and flexes in line with operating income, so those will be down. Some of the optimization work especially around, we just mentioned some of the severance, will also help bring some of the compensation line down. But the benefits of the optimization work will probably spread across most of the other categories other than marketing explicitly. But looking at marketing that's another interesting topic for us, it is one of these conundrums when you're in this market, your clients want to hear from you and you want to be out with them, but at the same time it certainly is a discretionary expense in this format where we're continuing to look at. So I'd say we're obviously going to be very vigilant to making sure that we manage expense very smartly in this environment with no presumption of snapback or some reversal. The other thing I would like to just mention there is some impact just to the acquisitions that we discussed in terms of Jemstep and in terms of Religare Asset Management completing our 100% ownership there. It's absolutely immaterial in terms of the earnings impact, so you don't have to worry about EPS impacts, but it does add probably roughly $15 million of expense and although bit more in revenue in 2016. So you will see some of those line items go up just as a result of those acquisitions but offset by obviously higher level of revenues. So we normally wouldn't be surprised by that. The optimization work that we're doing should have a benefit in 2016 that you will see. So again we will quantify that as we get through it. But that will help drive expenses down year-over-year.
Loren Starr: Excuse me, in July. It's two plants. The vast majority of the money is in one plant is just the Rhode Island alone that's ETFs alone sort of a broad range of ETFs. It was -- it's driven by our Solutions team, so they are building the portfolio consistent with what's Rhode Island the CIO has set their as a set of investment objectives with a much larger part of the plan which is probably $6.8 billion of that is a broad range of active and passive capabilities again managed by our Solutions team. And from my point of view Rhode Island has been very, very thoughtful and it is really well constructive approach and again as our Solutions team is managing the capabilities. With regard to the channel, it is new channel for us; from the standpoint of as we all know many, many people use 529s for kids and et cetera, et cetera. And so it will be available in the advice channel throughout the country and it's one of the largest 529 plans in the marketplace and we just think it's going to be that much more competitive. Our goal is to help Rhode Island meet the needs of the people in the portfolio but frankly they also want to grow their plan too and we work very hard to do that.
Loren Starr: I mean I think your point that you made before Marty is good, I mean institutional the strength on the institutional side is actually strong across every region.
Loren Starr: Great pipeline. The retail behavior has been sort of hard to gauge sort of in and out as pharmacy go off. But generally I would say in EMEA we feel very, very comfortable and confident that the retail side is going to be quite strong. The GTR product is doing very, very well, pharmacy has been quite strong, and we think that will help continue to allow us to grow both in the UK and in Europe on the retail side.
Loren Starr: And the other thing is the quantitative product as well is unbelievable off the chart performance, so also very, very strong performance and demand.
Loren Starr: Something like that. Yes, that's going to, sorry net down to something around 35 basis points on the basket.
Loren Starr: I think you saw something probably very close to that this last quarter. So again we certainly have demonstrated our willingness to respond when the stock is, as you call ridiculously low, and we would tend to agree with you on that one, just given our sense of optimism around our ability to grow over the long-term. So you should expect us to continue to pay a lot of attention, you know our needs for internal organic growth CDs and so forth are still pretty sizable, lot of opportunities, so we need to balance those against returning capital. But you should certainly expect us to be operating in the stock buyback around in a non-business as usual approach which is somewhat similar to what you're seeing in the fourth quarter may be not at the actual level but something between business as usual and what you've seen us do.
Loren Starr: So the execution of the optimization is going to happen all through 2016. So the three-year payback is really going to be in, at full throttle in 2017 and beyond. We will get savings in 2016 probably somewhere around $15 million is what our non-GAAP run rate, positive impact would be -- are -- is what we expect and that would certainly ramp up significantly into 2017 and on. So again our estimate is based on what we know today based on the activities that we're engaged in today. But we're going to be pretty that's the way we do believe that it won’t be no more than $85 million in terms of what is required for us to implement that long-term run rate savings which again is somewhere $30 million to $45 million in run rate cost savings post 2017.
Loren Starr: Yes, you've to think about it as typical, institutional, beauty show, and obviously you -- we have the choice of anybody they wanted to work with in the country and who is very competitive and because we know this is the largest 529 transfer that's happened in the industry.
Loren Starr: Yes, Marty, I think that's about right. Probably say there is lot of risk cost behavior in the early part of January and so it's getting healthier.
Loren Starr: So Mike, I think the other probably even larger in terms of what we're seeing certainly in the fourth quarter is GTR I mean just continues to grow. I think it's brought in about $1.5 billion in net flows in the fourth quarter; it's about $11 billion in total size to-date. So that is one that certainly outside the U.S. has really taken on a lot of good momentum and I think the product that it competes with in the marketplace had some issues around its performance. And so the positioning is even better probably now than it's ever been. Still early days in the U.S. for us and so we like nothing more to see GTR sort of reach its appropriate timeframe and sort of get through all the hurdles that we need to get through for it to be on the platform. But I think that in real estate and then perhaps as well alternative fixed income is still an area where we believe we can play at a much more significant level than we have in the past and there are lot of products that are still sort of early days in terms of their track record. So I think it's really GTR and real estate right now are the primary drivers for us and where the demand is.
Loren Starr: Yes, so that was previous time where we were warehousing partnership in just before they were put into a vehicle for our clients and unfortunately the mark-to-market on that really hit us before I got into the vehicle and so that's what that is. Normally we would be able to get it in there faster but there was just again some exposure to a pretty volatile market and that's what you saw.
Loren Starr: Well so I think you'll see that we had about $1.85 billion in total cash at the end of the quarter. The amount that is required from a regulatory perspective in the UK and Continental Europe is around $550 million. So we are about $1.3 billion in excess of our rate capital requirements we've talked about in the past that we want to be at least $1 billion. So again we are feeling strong in terms of our cash position and our ability to use our capital to the benefit of our clients probably better than we have in a long time. And with that said, assets have dropped a little bit and so our cash flow is definitely having some -- there is some impact to our operating cash there. But overall we are feeling very, very strong and then optimistic about our ability to deploy our capital for the benefit of our shareholders in terms of return on capital.
Loren Starr: It did. And again my perspective on that is overall the performance is still very, very strong and is very short-term in nature and frankly it didn't improve last quarter to this quarter. But it's -- then again it's all very short-term. But yes, moving into this year, it just continued to strengthen. So those portfolio sets will have the energy exposure we think that plays very, very well and they are going to do hopefully do very, very well for our clients.
Loren Starr: Yes, in many ways they are transformational around processes and the way we do things. So it's not just trimming people that kind of behavior, you're right. That could be done very quickly. This is very thoughtful that will make us a stronger better company at the end of the day. And again in an environment like this, we will move more quickly to get those things done, they have been on our list, and we have all these things that we would like to do to continue make ourselves a better company. But we’re absolutely accelerating a lot of these activities right now but they do take time to implement thoughtfully. Operator Next we have Mr. Chris Shutler of William Blair. Sir you may proceed.
Loren Starr: It's only growing for us. I mean, it's such a big market and we're still underpenetrated that our opportunity to continue to grow, even if there is some rate impacts. I think they is significant.
Loren Starr: And we’re just leveraging in many ways capabilities that are in our view sort of not -- and we can scale much more than they are today and taking capabilities that are some are focused in a particular region and unlocking them on a global basis, we can use existing sales people, we can use obviously existing teams. So there is no sort of new infrastructure that we necessarily need to put in place to support that activity. It's more a matter of coordination and education and sort of making sure that our teams, our sales teams in particular understand these products and can articulate the benefit to their clients.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so I don't know if I could add much to it, other than it is a part of the business where we turn our attention. It's really seemingly getting stronger and stronger, frankly in each region in the world in the Americas and EMEA and in Asia-Pacific, and it is really quite broad-based. So it's a very positive.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, I would just add to Loren's point. I mean, we feel like we're really quite capable at this, and if you look at our history, we use these volatile periods to really advantage of opportunities as they show up. It is a period where I think '16 for the industry is going to be quite interesting, where clients will be looking for those firms that are in a position of strength and we're one of those firms and we feel we're operating from a position of strength right now. And so we're going to be very responsible on the expense side but we have some real opportunities that we want to continue to advance at the same time. So that's what we're working through and we will continue to make sure that we're communicating very clearly with everybody.
Martin Flanagan: It's really hard to -- I think we all know the psychology day-by-day, week-by-week changes. It does feel like it's, as the markets are seeming a little more calm, and you're getting some more clarity, I will say business in Asia last week and all the business I have were all very, very strong, so I would anticipate continued strength there, as Loren said, in EMEA but it feels like we're starting to see a little bit more positive reaction to the environment. But again it's so early to say anything with dollar.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, it's -- I can't remember exactly where it comes. But just think of an institutional rate on the whole, on the portfolio --
Martin Flanagan: Yes that's a great question. So I think you’re going to and we are expecting the large distributors will have some version of their own. That's historically what we've done in the past. We've still contacted them and but that would be our -- what we're going to anticipate. It's really just sort of the other channels, though there is a high degree of interest in this. And really what it is, it's just partnering up with our distribution partners and more effective we can be with them, at the end of the day, that's a good thing for their clients and for us also. I don't believe that they're going to be, let me say it the other way, I believe strongly there is a first move advantage to this, because quite frankly multiple distribution partners are not going to have yes, multiple I think, three, four, five, six, 10 of these within the system they don't need it. And it's like any other application is, it's education and investments to move it forward. So that is our other core belief.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so there are actually I mean this again I'll just use the A structures because I was there but I wouldn’t limit it to there. I mean you’re actually seeing institutional clients recognize this is probably the time to increase their exposure to the equity markets. So you’re actually hearing very constructive things and also you’re starting the year by the way this is a time where active management can really start to add value in a way that was harder from sort of a beta run from 2009 on. So I think you're at a point where you're actually going to see, if you're a high conviction manager, you're going to continue to start to do well. So I don’t know what you put in traditional but clearly international equities are high, we’re seeing a lot of regional capabilities people are interested in. So I think it's just where we're in the market cycle and I think you're going to continue to see, excuse me, you will begin to see much more commitment to active management.
Martin Flanagan: It's a very good question; I don’t think I have a satisfactory answer. What I would say is that the first decision was to engage us to meet the program of the investment that they had in place that was the first desire. Secondly, they recognized the depth and breadth of our retail distribution capability with some very important distribution partners throughout the country, and so their anticipation of growth in the plan is part of what the decision was, and obviously we’re very interested in it and we think it will be a new channel for us and we think we'll be quite successful with it. And I guess the other way to put it in context and again I don't have to assist -- they were successful enough to become I think as the third largest 529 plan in the country, and we would look for growth to be stronger than what it had been in the past.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, well, I probably said what's the attraction, as I said we -- our view is, it's a mistake not to pay attention to what's going on in the digital world and it’s really easy to just ignore, we think that's a mistake that's why we went and spent some real good time researching what is happening and we came to the conclusion that a digital mobile tool that could help us with our distribution partners will be a very wise thing to do. It's a simple thought and your thought is that. There will be a combination of and I don't want to get into pricing on Jemstep where there will be a combination of things that we think will be accretive, if you want to call it to the organization. First of all, the most important thing is well deeper relationships with our clients; we will be able to do better job with our clients. We'll be able to offer more effectively the broader range of investment capabilities we have to our clients, and those at the end of the day will ultimately result in increased assets under management if we again that we have to be performing et cetera all the obvious. But we think that's the fundamental thoughts of why we try Jemstep was very important development for us.
Martin Flanagan: I think it's probably not great for us to be talking about this in event of our discussion with our Board. But generally it's I think our sense of more modest, a modest dividend could be appropriate stride in light of the fact that that will create more capital for buybacks which I think given the market pricing of our stocks may be the better way to use that cash. But again we need to wait before we get in front of our Board, before we sort of signal anything quite honestly.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, great question. So the hedge as you know was structured, hedges were structured 1.493 that is reflective to the average rate for the quarter and so there was no quarter in 2015 that had a rate that averaged below 1.493. So we made nothing this year or last year in 2015. On the current quarterly hedges definitely in the money and again, so again more to come on what the value there is it's moving around. But it's certainly something we would see at this rate noticeably, notable number. We are expecting to hedge our currency going forward around the pound. In particular, we believe that the pound is potentially going to be still a little volatile in light especially with the BREXIT discussions that are going on. And so those are again as we've done in the past hedges we put in place that would be out of money puts that really will protect us from the downside, allow upside to occur and again would protect our cash flow in particular as opposed to operating results which we can't really protect against.
Martin Flanagan: And the other thing I would say is that the improvement that we saw in the one-year numbers relative to Q3 were due to our small cap growth equity team as well as our growth in income products. So there were definitely some equity capabilities that can show improvement in the quarter relative to last quarter.
Martin Flanagan: So a couple of things. I think when you want to think about us, think about it beyond smart beta it is really factor investing. So one of the delivery mechanisms are PowerShares, ETFs but factor investor team is really the one team you’re seeing real demand for factor investor team outside of the United States both retail and institutional, institutional in particular in Europe, institutional in particular in Asia, and we’ve been doing it for 20 years. And I think the other thing if you look at the PowerShares line up what is important is that differently than mutual funds you really can’t have more than three in a category. So there is a first mover advantage topic within ETFs is something very, very real. And if you look at the length of the time that our smart beta ETFs have been in the market, they have liquidity, they have real track records and when you're the incumbent you're really in a strong position. So we think other people come in into smart beta areas, it's a confirmation that it’s a better way to create exposure and to passives. And again, we're just seeing continued strength within PowerShares in particular in fact investing outside of the United States.
Martin Flanagan: Okay, yes, it's good question. Thank you. So we will make sure it's clear. These are long dated infrastructure type program. So many years ago we have a low hanging fruit is we call that's long on it's been long on for long time. So these are efficiency related undertakings hardcore system upgrades, process improvements type things. So it's large projects by having all of our institutions but they're pretty broad right now.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so I'd say the effort that we started three years ago broadening our fixed income capability, probably almost four years ago now is really proving to bear real fruit and as you said, if you look across the fixed income performance it is very, very strong. And we're seeing growing demand all channels, all regions within fixed income and some of it is still not at the level that we anticipate because some of the capabilities don't have three-year track records. So getting close but we're starting to get new commitments on them simply because the performance is quite frankly institutions in particular looking for another high quality provider of fixed income capabilities. So not just the performance but we do think it's -- we're not seeing the highest level of contribution, yes from that area. So we're very positive on it.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, it's a good question, and again I think we're all -- we're imagining right, so it's hard to imagine. But what I can say and this probably gets back to some of these other topics that we talked about. The breadth of capability, depth of capability matters a lot. We think quite frankly high conviction managers in fundamental investing and factor investing is really important. We think we're obviously one of very few firms that has and do the range of those types of things. And quite frankly the other thing that Jemstep does it's an enabling tool for our advisory clients to get broader deeper relationships with their clients and serve clients that may -- yes, individuals that could ultimately totally disadvantage by the fiduciary role that's been put in place, so that's part of the work we’re thinking of how Jemstep can help us and our clients with a rule that we don't know exactly what is going to be at the moment. But so that's how we've been thinking about it and so hopefully that's helpful.
Martin Flanagan: So if you look over the last four years and let's do kind of Europe first, I mean it has been really the independent global asset managers largely U.S. that have been continuing to take greater share on accounts. I know there are some other good competitors -- very good competitors that participate but that has been the fact for whatever reason. And over the last number of years as you've seen, I mean we just continue to make stronger and stronger inroads on the continent, we still think that is the case, we still have, we think quite a way to go to penetrate the market and that continues for us. In UK it's really quite different. I mean it is really competitive markets; very few, very few non-UK firms are successful in the UK. And it is really that the heritage of our presence in the UK is why we're so strong there and again it just continues to be competitive, but we're very well placed there and we think we will continue to do well. But that would probably be another market that largely driven by regulatory developments and really what I would say what's starting to happen here in the United States, very difficult to be a smaller firm, and I think we're strong just going to get stronger in UK that's going to be the case in the United States too.
Martin Flanagan: Yes, so Rhode Island would be the highest profile in the United States I would say. But again we're seeing -- one of the components of being able to do that, I mean it is really those combination of broad range of capabilities and from our point of view high conviction factor and fundamentals. So we have both of those and I think that is actually really important if we’re going to be successful in solutions and it’s continuing to carry on through us in each of the regions so the U.S., Asia-Pacific, frankly China in particular, and on the Continent in particular. And so will this continue to go down that path and there is growing opportunity in the area. And again I think it's you really have to be a broad gauged set of offerings to be successful and that's where we start and then the overlay of very some talented people that can do the solutions work for the clients.
Martin Flanagan: So it is hard to when we, probably like you and everybody else we do our looking forward to try and understand where the strength will come. It's -- it will be a contributor for sure and a growing contributor over the two or three years out from where we are right now. So that's another reason why have such confidence in sort of the 3% to 5% range.
Martin Flanagan: It's been 100% broad across the asset class utilizing anything from as I said really factor based capabilities two alternatives. So it’s client dependent but it has used the full range of capabilities in most cases.
Martin Flanagan: On behalf of Loren and myself, thank you very much for your time and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good rest of the day.
