Loren M. Starr: Ken, we have several billion dollars won, but not yet funded real estate assets, and that's a pipeline that continues to expand. It does take a while for it to be invested, so it could take anywhere between 0.5 year, perhaps even longer, depending on the opportunities. They are patient in terms of looking for the right investments. But it is something that has been sort of being put to work and continues to be put to work quite at a good clip.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, all right. So in terms of the first question, there are a couple of factors. One, just generally, sales and redemptions, quite honestly, are lumpy in Institutional, and so it is hard to sort of be a straight line progression all the time. But if you remember, there was, I think we've talked about it in the fourth quarter, about $3 billion of real estate sales that took place. It was in the Passive side of the business, on the Institutional side, and this has sort of separate real estate properties that we manage that showed up on the sales side in the fourth quarter. And that wasn't something that recurs. So that was about $3 billion. You take that out, it sort of becomes more flattish quarter-over-quarter at least comparing to the fourth quarter. But in reference your second question, yes, absolutely, the PPIP was and is reflected in the institutional outflows. And again, we think it's a good story. It was sort of a planned redemption in terms of what we're looking for. About $1.1 billion of that is in Active, $0.3 billion of that is in the Passive category, so again just to give you some color. Overall, I'd say, in terms of the institutional pipeline, just to give you some more color on that, I do think it's one that we feel is strengthening and is in fact probably higher than we've seen in recent history and it's broad based, so it's across many of our different categories of capabilities, whether it's balanced-risk, Real estate, bank loans, global equities. It's a very, very positive story for us at this stage. And so we feel pretty good even though the first the first quarter didn't necessarily reflect it in terms of the absolute numbers. We feel that it's looking pretty solid for us.
Loren M. Starr: It's actually doing pretty well. I would say in the quarter, there was $470 million of redemptions related to that particular capability. That was the net outflow number in the quarter. The first month, April, I think it was about $50 million, so it's actually at a better pace into the second quarter, so we feel pretty good. Again, we don't think that there's this big sort of pent-up desire for redemption on this product. And in fact, we have been very successful in terms of providing this product through a variety of distributors to -- with stickier sort of time horizons than others in that space. So we think that we have a pretty good situation there. And quite honestly, we're also working with the distributors in Japan to look at other products that ultimately, if it makes sense, could serve as a way to replace those assets if they wanted to redeem.
Loren M. Starr: Bill, there may have been about $1 million or something related to the U.K. launches of the global Balanced-Risk product. So a little bit of tactical, and there probably will continue to be a little bit of tactical as we continue to roll out those products.
Loren M. Starr: No problem. So of the -- we saw net flows on ETFs broadly of $6.5 billion in the quarter. $2.1 billion of that was our traditional ETF products at the higher fee. $4.2 billion of that was the Qs and $0.2 billion were the Invesco PowerShares DD product. So that's the breakout.
Loren M. Starr: So Dan, in Asia, it was again largely the -- what we saw the U.S. REIT product go out. So there was some pressure there. There was a little bit of institutional outflow we saw in Australia, was a factor. On the Alternative side, it was really PPIP. It was the $1.4 billion that you're seeing there. And maybe there was, what, CLO that redeemed.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I mean I think it won't have the day count impact affecting it, again barring any further movement in Qs and so forth, which can obviously have some impact. There would be an uplift of some fee rate into Q2. And then obviously, we talked about the fee waivers falling off, which is our expectation still in the second half of the year among some other things that we think will be helpful for the fee rate.
Loren M. Starr: Mike, I would say that they are fairly good run rates going forward. The marketing at current levels, I think is probably the right way to think about it going forward. Property, office and technology could see a little bit of noise here and there. But I do think it's just one of these numbers that we'll be fine. There's a big moving piece to this, so I'll just remind people. That we'll explain, but it's offsetting, which has to do with our European infrastructure transformation where we're going to see some properties being exited. We're going to see an outsourcing of our transfer agencies so -- and then, a reduction in salaries. So you'll see that line item, property, office and technology increasing through the last half part of the year, but it will be offset through some employee compensation, as we really moved to the outsourcing arrangements, which gets completed at the end of the years, but we will explain that. But again, just so you understand, there will be some sort of offsets there. G&A, we feel pretty good about, so I don't think there's any real need to point anything out there. Again, we continue to try to manage closely and it will depend on what sort of market environment we're in to some extent, but based on where we are today, they're pretty good.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think it's really going to be a second half discussion. So again, I think it is a little too early to have that other than it's on track. We're doing well. Everything has been signed in, so progressing. So we do think it is going to help transform our business. It is just sort of an operational part of the overall transformation. We have talked about what we want to do in Europe generally, and I think we're seeing good traction with the flows. But I mean, quite honestly, we pulled back a little bit on some of the initiatives we were focused on because of the market that we were in, and it didn't seem to make a lot of sense to significantly increase advertising for example, in Europe when people were certainly, as an industry, not necessarily buying product. So there is more to come, I think, on the European story overall that, that we'll be happy to tell at the right time.
Loren M. Starr: And I just mentioned that we're seeing strength in terms of crossing the independent channel, up 23% quarter-over-quarter in terms of mutual fund sales, the Wirehouse Channel, I think we're up almost 40% quarter-over-quarter in terms of mutual fund sales. And the broker deal channel, 34%. So -- and then when we look at our sort of rankings within distributors, it's pretty much across-the-board that we're increasing our market share in every single name that we sort of have a relationship with. So again, it's just very encouraging. And then on the platform side, the one thing that we're really looking forward to is when ABRA gets the three-year track record and actually get onto -- into models, which is going to be an important point to help even further accelerate the interest in that product.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So I would say that we feel very good about the margin prospects for our ETF business in general. And firstly, the ETF business is sort of hard because there's all sorts of different pieces to our ETF business that we've talked about in the past. I mean, the one that is sort of misleading is I'd say, or the Invesco Powershares QQQs, right? So they have no management fee, but they have a marketing rebate. And the way I view that is, is it's almost a margin accelerant to our traditional PowerShares. And because it is something that we benefit from that in terms of the broad brand recognition that we get through the QQQs. And so you put marketing sort of being helped with that product. In terms of the infrastructure, it's all there. It's built and we're just getting bigger. And so, we've seen margin expansion as we see the operating leverage work for our ETF business. And I think also importantly, we're more focused now than we have in the past in terms of -- an all weather type of ETFs. The ETFs that will be less sort of specifically thematic and probably will serve across a long time. And that will help in terms of getting critical mass in those ETFs, which is important for our profitability and margin expansion. So again, all those things I would say gives me a great sense that, that business is -- it's certainly on par with the rest of our mutual funds business in terms of margins, and should not -- we haven't seen price degradation or fee sort of squeezing unlike some of our competitors who are on very commoditized types of products. So we haven't seen that activity on our products. So we feel very good about that. Some of the other products that are passive, which would be our UIT business have very fine financial characteristics. They are launched. They don't have a management fee, but through the launching process, there's a very, I'd say, good fee associated with that. And so, you think about the margins on that. They're among the higher-margin elements of our business. So again, we feel very good about that. Some of the other parts of the business that I'd say are passive would really be related to maybe leverage associated with some of our structured products. And again, those can generate performance fees. And so it's not a big part of the passive story. It's a small part it's not one that tends to grow that much. So really, the QQQs and traditional products and the UITs and we feel good about those products in particular.
Loren M. Starr: We tend to see variable comp decline a little bit in the first quarter really as an offset to the payroll taxes. It is not a -- something that we would say is a large number. If you're thinking about compensation going forward, I think it's going to be sort of roughly in line with this quarter based on current levels. It can move around a bit. We talked about the offsets of our payroll taxes going down but the a quarter worth of salary increases and deferred compensation. The other thing that can move it around, of course, would be performance fees and those are sort of when they were done in the quarter, it's reflected in the compensation in terms of bonuses. And so that number will move around based on levels of performance fee. And we hope they go up because we hope performances go up. But again, hopefully that's helpful for you.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I mean, there's no question. There's some degree of seasonality in the first quarter, so you're right that that's a good comparison. But just to remind people, in the first quarter, a lot of the sales that we saw were through stable value types of sales, and so that was a much lower fee type of product, typically 11 basis points, maybe less. The sales that we're seeing this quarter are not in that category. They're more along the lines of 90 basis points, so it's a very different revenue profile than we saw last year.
Loren M. Starr: I couldn't put my fingers on that offhand right now. But I mean, they were significant in the first quarter last year, billions if I remember. But let me -- maybe one that we have to address offline with you, Cynthia. I mean, maybe it's $3 billion, is that -- I don't know. We'll address it offline, sorry about that.
Loren M. Starr: Well, the fee waiver impact we had said related to the fund mergers is roughly $30 million on an annual basis. And so we're obviously seeing that in this quarter. We'll see it in the next quarter. It's really going to be in the second half of this year that those we expect would fall away. Obviously, that's still a discussion that needs to be completed with the fund board. And so I don't want to get ahead of the fund board. Still, things may happen there, but that is our current expectation. So again in the first quarter, it would be obviously a part of that $30 million as being reflected there.
Loren M. Starr: Those are not improving or getting worse. Quite honestly it's a small part of what we see because we have institutional product, which tends to be at a lower fee rate, 11 basis points. And so, our waivers are not material. Certainly, I think across the year or maybe they're $5 million to $10 million in that range, at most.
Loren M. Starr: I mean, and I think I'll only say, there's a hypothesis which is maybe people who are in balanced products, fixed balance products equity versus fixed income, maybe going into this type of product, which is more dynamically allocated across some more wider range of investment opportunities. So -- but again, that's it's a hypothesis. It's hard to really sort of say who's redeeming out of what for us.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think it's one that -- we knew there was PE stuff, it's sort of one-off, but the biggest piece in that line item or pieces are related to the real estate transaction fees, which again, we feel good about the growth there. The UIT business, the revenues associated with that business go in that line. And the UITs had a very strong quarter. In fact, for the industry as a whole, I think UITs had the strongest quarter they had in a very, very long time. And we saw that as well. So I think that, that's going to help continue to contribute to that line item. And so overall, I think we think somewhere between $30 million to $35 million is kind of the right run rate level in that space. It will move around. I'm not that good that I can actually tell you when the real estate Transaction fees happen and what quarter they happened in, but we do think that sort of the overall level will be in that range.
Loren M. Starr: Again, Passive within Institutional, I think will be generally at a lower fee rate and perhaps a lower margin. We don't have that much of it, so it's not something that we are positioned for. We have some, but again, it's really sort of leveraged. That's associated with a real estate fund. We could have some leverage. We break out the assets associated with that fund into the passive and active pieces. So it's a little unfair because you can't really have the fund without the two pieces together. And we've broken it out just because we think it's important for you to see, as those assets grow, what the impacts are. But you can't -- I mean, it's not really something that we just have leverage, right? It's always with the funds. So passive for Institutional isn't all that relevant, I think in terms of the conversation. It's really the retail side that we've just been talking about, which I think is a very fine business with excellent financial characteristics.
Loren M. Starr: Okay. So maybe -- I was saying in the second half is when you're going to see the fee waivers fall away and basically you get the pickup. I was using rough, sort of rough -- yes, it's spread in, so there's a couple of dates. I think you've probably got those dates generally correct, but I think in terms of the bulk of it, it's sort of end of June.
Loren M. Starr: Just know -- I mean, it's too late for the U.S. allocation as an asset class, which this falls into is $820 billion in size. The world allocation piece of that, which is what this is classified in at the subset is $252 billion, so it's a big pool of assets. We're obviously, I think just touching the surface now. I think if you aggregate all our asset allocation across what we've got, it's roughly $12 billion, something like that and growing rapidly. So we're still at a very small market share of the pretty big pool that is pretty exciting for us.
Loren M. Starr: So Roger, I think in all honesty, how much of our cash flow we use and return will vary depending on the sort of market we're in. Obviously, whereby upping our dividend, we're committing -- to a more committed amount of sort of a payback outdoor cash flow. In terms of what we've done in the past, I think it's ranged from 50% up to 100%, and it will vary. But in terms of how we think about it, I mean, it's obviously within that range as the way you should be thinking about it. It could be at the midpoint of that range or a little bit lower for us going forward. But again, in terms of just how much we do in a particular year, we'll have a lot to do with ultimately how the year sort of plays out. But I would look through our past history to understand what you should expect from us. And really, it's more business as usual. All we're really doing here, and the way you should be thinking about is just transferring a little bit of what we did in buyback into the dividend bucket. I think it's all the magnitude. It's pretty much the same.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I think the ABRA [ph] -- all of the platforms have been marginally placed. We're still waiting for the big impact on models. And I think we're really thinking it was going to be one that is going to get into these models once we hit the 3-year number. That's the one that should have the biggest impact in terms of moving the dial. But we continue to make progress, obviously, in terms of the market share. We've been very pleased. And it's happening tomorrow. It's just happening through our sales force effectively, working with the advisors at sort of their office levels. So again, we're pleased with the impact in terms of the transaction, the integrations done. We are now really just seeing the benefits of that coming to fruition as advisors and home office really understand our products and us better.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. We feel really good about the Institutional leadership, and Eric Johnson and the team he's brought on. And it's just getting stronger and stronger. And it's a combination of investment capabilities that are meeting investor needs along with a really talented group of Institutional sales leaders. And I think many of the people on the phone know that. I mean, it just makes a huge difference and they're making a huge difference for us.
Martin L. Flanagan: A couple of comments. The vast majority has been a broad recognition-type marketing spend. And that is in place, it's going to continue. And as we've said in the past, we just know we have work to do to catch up there. There has been some specific, if you want to call it, tactical marketing, but largely around in the United States, around the good performing Equity products, the equity income products, the International product, and we'll continue to do that. But the vast majority is really broad.
Martin L. Flanagan: Bill, we continue -- I mean, you've followed us for a long, long time. I mean that has been our history for the last number of years and we'll discontinue to do that, and where we feel really good about the depth and breadth of the capabilities around the world. There are just areas that we would like to get stronger in and we're just always looking at that, and that's always what we try to do. So we'll stay on that path.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let me respond to a couple. Again, first, we don't ever speculate on any of these sites' activity. It is amazing to see the attention here. But around Atlantic Trust, I mean you have seen they have another great quarter of net inflows. They've done a spectacular job for their clients. It is a very unique well-run business. And you can see why people are interested in it. But again, we're going to continue to stay on the path that we've been on with them, and they've done a great job. So we can't say anything more than that. And again, we continue to be very, very committed to the bank loans CLO business. It's done great things. It's a great team and we see continued opportunity there. Where CLOs in particular, they literally dried up over the last number of years, but it is something that -- it of looks like it'd be an opportunity again over the next -- in the coming years.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, you're asking exactly the right question, and we have a conversation all the time not just amongst ourselves but also with clients, and I know you all do too. And as we look at it right now, we just start by looking at the depth and breadth of the capabilities. It's broad. It's deep. We like what we have, strong performance. And what you're seeing is still the market unclear investors of what they want to do, right? And it's -- we agree with the theme that fixed -- core fixed income is not the place to be in the next 12, 18 months. And the way that we look at this as the flows, the asset allocation capabilities getting an awful lot of attention, the risk parity in particular. And that's very consistent in our minds that people starting to move away, try to get some greater returns than what we've had, while also trying to maintain risks. And if you see where some of the other folks get the municipal bonds and sort of -- you can see why people are starting to do that for yield, but also thinking where tax rates might be going. Emerging markets, we're starting to see some of that also. And bank loans again, very interesting, real estate very interesting, but that's very consistent with people moving -- trying to move towards generating greater returns. We personally think the idea that world's passive from now until 30 years from now is just not accurate. I think this is a very natural evolution. It's slower than what you've seen in the past, which is not surprising, continued to the magnitude of the challenge that we came out of. And if you'll look at our flows, you're right. They're broad. They're-- we are in net flows across many categories. But we are still in a position. If you look at the -- where the net outflows have been, it's largely been in U.S. equity products, and that is a real strength of ours. And when you look at our assets under management, we have disproportionate U.S. equity, more so than the industry. So when people start to move into U.S. equities, we should benefit very, very strongly from that because of the depth and breadth of the capabilities. So again, we think the right answer is very hard to pick markets, but having a broad set of capabilities are performing well. You should do well. And I think that's what you're seeing right now from Invesco.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let me go through it. It's a little bit repetitive, Matt, so I apologize for that. But what we are seeing, as I discussed earlier, I mean you can just see quarter-over-quarter, gross flows are quite dramatically and it was 32% quarter-over-quarter. What that is reflective of is the conversation we've been having over the last 12, 18 months that lead indicators are getting more products on platforms that's been broadening very, very much. And one indicator might be if you take a look at our, what you call it, our top 10 distributors, retail distributors, a year ago, 3 of the 10 were in positive flows, us on their platform. At the end of this quarter, 9 of the 10 of our distributors were in net flows with us. So that's a really positive trend. We are seeing again, where we're seeing the flows. ABRA is this risk balanced allocation because of the marketplace and because of the performance is very, very popular, but we are seeing international growth. Small cap adds some good flows during the quarter and municipal bonds, high-yield bonds. So it really is broad. But disproportionately, it's around real estate, but it's been around the asset allocation risk balance. But we don't -- it's just getting broader than anything that we ourselves have experienced. So again, as confidence come back into the market, we think we are going to be positioned quite well.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I think if you step back strategically, add some of the things we've been talking about with all of you in our investors is that what we were responding to was a marketplace where advisors were becoming much more sophisticated in dealing with their clients. And so, yes, we have a depth and breadth investment management capabilities, but they also are using different vehicles to meet those needs. Yes, mutual funds, but also the UITs play an important role in some of the advisors that we work with. As do the ETFs, and it's really that broad range of investment capabilities with vehicles to meet the advisors' needs. And that, again, is sort of the positioning that you're putting ourselves and we want the -- we want to help the advisors be successful with their clients, and that seems to be -- it's gaining some traction.
Martin L. Flanagan: Cynthia, I don't have that level of granularity. I think the answer you're getting some element off the all of that. And it's really, I think how I'd really respond is that the financial advisers are looking at this balanced risk allocation product as just another important tool in the toolbox that they're meeting the investors' needs. And one of the elements that's important is that there's less volatility associated with it. And I think one things that's come out of the crisis is that people are less inclined to have the volatility that they've had in the past. Now I'm sure as years go on and things stabilize, that will probably be less of a focal point. But you're just getting people that are seeking greater returns than what they're getting in the cash accounts and trying to get some greater equity-type like returns.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's going to be the iPad 4. No, in all seriousness, we're not in a position to have those conversations and we're always looking at -- really, we respond to client needs, and we really think really what we have out there right now is pretty broad. And I think we're on the mark, but I appreciate the confidence and the thought, but no real magic.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, that's a good question. I'm really glad you sort of asked that. I mean, I'd say ourselves, and I suspect the vast majority of the firms that are doing well are -- the ideas of product pushing is long gone. I mean, I think that's -- and it's much more going into a consultative advice, engagement with the clients and is very broad, very deep. And we have not just recently, but even somebody asked earlier about if you just look at some of the marketing materials, even last year, we were getting people focused on where we thought -- that the great opportunities in equities. And international equities, large-cap, dividend-yield, equity income-type products. And so we've been on it for quite a long time. And with the idea of just trying to understand investors' need and where we think the opportunities are and wanting them to be thoughtful moving ahead and not reactive to the market. And we do it in multiple different ways, whether it be through things even PowerShares Universities. We have -- we came over with Van Kampen of Van Kampen Consulting team that actually is educational sources for different advisors in the marketplace. We're doing it quite broadly with white papers, investment buck pieces. Having our investment teams in the markets talking to, so maybe that's too much information, but the real point is we really want to work in partner with the advice channel, and having them solve the longer-term needs for their clients.
Martin L. Flanagan: Our -- again, our focus is on quality, not quantity. And if you look at all of our conversations and all of our focus has really been on generating consistent good long-term performance around a broad breadth of capabilities. And that's really what, and I think, we have accomplished. And if you do that, there's no question in my mind in time, you will meet client needs and you will end up serving more clients more broadly. And that's what you're seeing. And a little bit to the conversation we're having earlier, investor preferences will move over time. And having the depth and breadth of the capabilities, it really matters. And that's what we think we've accomplished and ready for multiple different market cycles. And we think we're doing very fine right now in a very difficult market. And if there is a greater sense of confidence by investors, we'll just do that much better.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, ABRA is a subset of really our multi-asset strategy and we can maybe talk about it more holistically next quarter, if that's helpful. But yes, in that context, I think it's important to note, I mean, this is a very attractive product in this market, right? Sideways to up market, it is obviously been very, very attractive. And as I mentioned earlier, if you look at the punch ratio quarter-over-quarter, it's 40%. I mean, we had net flows of $1.5 billion last quarter, and $3.4 billion this quarter. So I mean it's really quite dramatic. And to your point, from a franchise point of view, if you look at it by channel, it was really introducing the Institutional channel at the end of '09, and so recognizing much smaller assets, but it was 60% in the Institutional channel, 40% Retail. If you look at it today, it's 90% Retail, 10% Institutional, but it's really just been more of the pace of the uptake, and it is through those different areas that you're talking about, it makes a lot of sense in the DC plan. It makes a lot of sense for an individual asset allocation plan. And that's what you're seeing. I think also what I would note just from a franchise point of view, when we introduced to, we're introduced in the United States. So 100% of the assets is from the United States. Yet today, 30% of the assets are outside of the United States, and that is a development. It's and introduced in trailing the U.S. And I think Loren mentioned earlier, it's just been, I don't know, a month or 6 weeks ago that it's been introduced in the U.K. Maybe I'm going to lose track of the time, but some of them are months ago into Canada and into what we call our C Cap product that gets it into kind of all Europe and actually in some parts of Asia. So it's a capability. It is a global capability, and that's what we've been doing with it and there's national extensions off of it as we've talked about whether it'd be a commodities leave, which has been gaining some real attraction. And also the same idea had been introducing an income version of it, and that was introduced in the Retail market, December of this past year. So very early, but that's exactly -- again, this is a subset of the total mall passes strategy capability that we've been on for a period of time. And it is making an awful lot of sense. And I think, I think it's importantly to note that we do feel we have the depth and breadth of the capabilities are very, very strong. This is a sweet spot at the moment, and some of the -- what could you expect? If you have a bull market start to kick in, this is going to slow down. But the good news is where the -- where's money going to go? It's going to go into our various strong equity-type products. So again, it's back to the conversation we're having earlier, just broadly being in position to meet investor needs around the world and within channels, and that's what this is really representing.
Martin L. Flanagan: It's probably both of those, right? I mean, if you look at the company today as compared to 6 years ago, the depth and breadth of the investment capabilities are just vastly stronger. And much of it was done organically. But by the way the combination of WL Ross or ETS [indiscernable] addition or Morgan Stanley/Van Kampen thing, they're really driven by meeting strategically investor investment capability gap. So there's just fewer gaps, right? And yes, that's a big message but I think also, to your point, for some reason, it seems that there's a perception that's the bulk that were consolidated. We've never ever, ever done a consolidating transaction. It's always been strategic, and we just don't want anybody confused. And always our first priority has been to reinvest back in the business and organically improve ourselves. And -- but again, we just want that very, very clear in the marketplace.
Martin L. Flanagan: Again, on behalf of Loren and myself, thanks very much for taking the time and we look forward to talking to everybody in the next quarter. Take care.
