Martin L. Flanagan: Maybe I'll hit on a couple of and Loren can chime in. So I think it's important to understand what the product is, right? And it is being -- advisors are looking at it as really sort of core holding that is really minimizing volatility. And so we think that's going to continue to persist in the United States for a good period of time. It's been in the U.S. market longer than anywhere else. But -- so by definition, there continues to be greater opportunity outside of the United States. We are seeing it out of the C Cap, out of Europe, we're actually more recently now starting to see a pickup in United Kingdom 1 year later, which we thought it was very early there so that's happening. So we continue to see, Canada continues so there continues to be interest outside of the United States. I think also importantly that we talked about a year ago, it is a broader capability, and we have launched a premium income product a year ago and you are now just starting to see greater and greater interest in that kick in. So again, you have to think of it as suite of capabilities inside of U.S. and out and we are definitely continuing to see that and there continues to be frankly institutional interest at the same time.
Martin L. Flanagan: Absolutely, and I think importantly, what we're seeing happening and what's more interesting probably to all of us is that of the different elements of PowerShares, what we discuss as our traditional PowerShares in the commodity's bucket and so the QQQ builders, the most interesting is the traditional and you are just continuing to see ever-increasing traction in that area and not just throughout last year, but again and at the first quarter. And again, it's not limited to the United States. It continues to grow in Canada. Europe. Again, it's a different situation for ETFs for us right now. We're in the market but there's a lot for us to do there. What is more interesting quite frankly is Asia for us for ETF. So we think it's important franchise. It will continue to grow and we're seeing very good things coming out of it.
Martin L. Flanagan: Maybe, let me make it the overall comment. And so there's no question. You will see operating leverage in this business and as these markets and I say important operating leverage in the business. And at least, we don't need fantastic markets, but if you have slow steady markets, you're going to see a very strong margin expansion and I think that's the overriding comment. I don't want to speak of any specific team or the Life is more complicated than as you would know just from all of your own situations. All those things work, but I think the most important thing is you will see operating leverage in this business.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so early days. right. They're all not here. So of the 3 -- so I don't think you should expect much in the first 3 quarters of this year. So it was sort of the transition over and the like and so they'll all be with us by the end of March and by the time you get something, it's the markets can be the latter part of the year. But again, I think 2 comments. It's a great complement to the overall Multi-Asset Strategy capability that we have in place and in the meantime, Ken, what we are seeing actually as I said earlier is that we are now, with our traditional ABRA products, seeing traction in the United Kingdom in the meantime. So it's probably a little bit out this year.
Martin L. Flanagan: So it will be, Ken, as you know, as well as anybody, Invesco was much well known outside of the United States, least well known in U.S. retail channel and we've probably hit a level of consistency now that sort of from brand awareness to actually more specific around -- more specifically driven around campaigns and the like and so you'll probably see slight uptick in the marketing, but we're probably much closer to a steady state now.
Martin L. Flanagan: So the strategy is we still have to -- we're not exactly where we are with brand recognition, which we think strategically is very important now as you see. The fundamental idea is very hard to separate the asset buckets in time so we've all known from DB to DC, to DC to roll over IRAs and what we are clearly seeing and understanding is that even in the large institutions where you're managing a DB and a DC plan, they actually do care that they are associated with a money manager that is in the advice channel. That is recognized in the advice channel as their employees roll over from a DC plan into a financial advisor. So that becomes very important and that is the fundamental strategic reason why underneath it all, you need to have brand recognition. So, within it though, Ken, there are now specific programs and again, it depends on what the topic is we think is important, but it is much more investment-led type focuses as we spend time on that in the marketplace.
Martin L. Flanagan: I think maybe less interesting, but it does gets so when your questions -- we continue to look at ways into how do you drive down your fixed cost structure and it tends to be around real estate and the like. And so we'll continue to focus on those things. They are harder to do and painful to do, but we'll continue to work on programs like that also.
Martin L. Flanagan: I don't have the exact redemption rates, but they're probably trending back from where they were in the fourth quarter.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, look, I would just reiterate. I think the most important factor to the -- the macro factor is, if you look at the effective fee rates, go from '05 to now, they've dropped quite materially, but at the same time, more impressively and probably harder is to drop the operating expenses as a percentage of assets under management between that period, and we have continued. They have not gone up. They have, for the last couple of years, say, flat to down. But it will be a very powerful thing, is an additional basis points and effective fee rate is very important to the organization. But I do come back to you will see margin expansion in this business, and we think we're set up very well for that right now.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a great question. I think it's really the strategic question we're all asking ourselves, right? Is the market broadening for real and what does it look like going forward? Or everything staying at fixed income and just going into sort of passive products? So I think the first point is, no question, first quarter of the year is the strongest quarter of the year, right? So maybe the comparison of January to last quarter is not exactly the right one, but it was such a unique period, especially December, I think that's really the highlight. This -- again, one month is not any extended period of time. We all recognize that. It is a very different start to the year than I can tell you that I've seen in the last 5 years. And it starts to hit on some of the questions that people are asking. We continue to see -- continued just for us, specifically, continued level of sales into our fixed income capabilities and resulting in net flows. We continue to see strong interest and growth in the asset allocation capabilities. Now, my personal point of view, I think that is not just for us, but for an industry you're going to see for an extended period of time, people continuing to divest, invest in these allocation-type capabilities. I think that's probably here for a good period of time. We are seeing investment in active equities to a degree that we have not seen in a period of time, and most importantly, start it by growth sales in this -- The growth sales level in January, I'm sure, are quite a bit higher than they were a year ago, and it is quite broad. So I think those are all important trends, not just for Invesco, but probably for the market as a whole. If we stay away from the shock for a period out of the system.
Martin L. Flanagan: So let me take up the first part, Jeff, and then Loren can -- So I think you're asking the fundamental question. I personally think, and I've said this before, institutions under the banner of code derisking, I think, are doing a huge disservice. You can't have an underfunded pension plan and close the gap by alternatives in fixed income. And I think part of it has been the extreme volatility in some of the experiences that the pension plans have had has been very difficult for them that have moved them that way. I think right when everybody said it's over, it's when things change. And I do believe that you'll probably see greater participation in pension plans, but where we're seeing it, International Equity is probably our primary focus right now into emerging markets. But I think also importantly, as so many organizations have DC plans, they are broad ranges of capabilities and we have seen a number of clients, say, a handful of clients, add our international and domestic capabilities to their DC offerings. So I just have to believe as markets become less volatile and the like to, you'll continue to see -- or you will start to see some greater exposures to equities.
Martin L. Flanagan: The -- again, talking to the client base and people, yes, there does seem to be sort of fundamental shift of a greater willingness, and interest in investment capabilities can generate returns, right? So I think that's important. So you're asking the question that I think others can, and other have -- is January just the reverse of what happened in December? You'd have to -- maybe there's some element of that in the trees don't grow to the sky. So January times 12 is probably not the right answer, it never is, but there does seem to be a very different level of confidence and desire to invest more broadly.
Martin L. Flanagan: I can't address the peers, but I can say, the Quant team, their global capability in particular, on the Continent and into the United Kingdom, in particular is getting an awful lot of attention. And will that extend to the United States, we'll see. There are some interest in it in Asia. So for us, we're having lots of interest in what could be some nice results.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a good question. We have had a overall compensation philosophy in place now for, my gosh, maybe 6 years, and it has served us very, very well. And within it, compensation plans are put in place consistent with that and it's really been received very well and it's done all the right alignments to focus on returns for clients and the like and meeting the needs of all the individuals. So we've not -- we're not seeing that as a problem for us as an organization.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So it is not designed to -- let me say it the other way. So in a market that we've seen very, very strong equity markets, it will relatively underperform. And it is -- I think importantly, I think for all of us to understand is that is what has been the attraction for many -- for the investors, and that is how it is being clearly communicated to the investors, and that they look at us more as an anchor in the portfolio. And there's not a surprise, it would relatively underperform in a rapidly rising equity markets. So I think that's important. I think you'd contrast that to -- and I think the basis of the question is, what happens if a market like this continued? Is it like the old days if all the money grows into aggressive growth capabilities and then all of a sudden there's a big shift change, I just don't anticipate you'll see the mass of redemptions out of an asset class like that. This just not what the capability is, and I think that's important to understand. We'll see but that is fundamentally what it is.
Martin L. Flanagan: That's a good point on the last one, and I think everybody tries to do that. And I think if you look at the totality of people investing in equities, you are net inflows, right? The focus has been on active domestic equities and how it's been in outflows over the last number of years. But what I would say, I do want to clarify one point and again, this is for us and you can figure out what it is for the industry. In January, we had domestic equity growth sales increasing 56% over the monthly average in -- the average from the fourth quarter. So you're definitely, again, a month is only a month. You are definitely starting to see something different, and that's all active domestic equities. But your broader point is correct. It's -- people are getting exposures to equity and it should be discussed, as such.
Martin L. Flanagan: I have a data point of a month. I can't give you evidences to support your thesis, a lot of it fine. But again, our basic belief is that all investors have a different set of investment objectives and different time horizons and we are focused in making sure we have those capabilities performing well to meet those objectives, and we think we're in a position to do that right now. So that's unique to Invesco, and I suspect others would probably have some version of thought, too.
Martin L. Flanagan: I think, No. I think is- I appreciate your point, it's much more -- it's broad-based than what give flows and what get comps. We don't comp pay people based on flows. We think that's a flawed way to do it. That said, it could that net inflow is a whole lot better than being in an outflows. And I think it would very instructive to take a look, as Loren said, the -- again, you look at the operating expenses as a percentage average assets under management that's happened over last number of years has been extraordinary. And also in this environment of the effective feed rate dropping in this environment with an asset mix change, those are the principal dynamics. And I think you will find it hard-pressed to find an organization with the same level of operating expense discipline that you will have find here. But happy to engage with you on it.
Loren M. Starr: And Matt, I think -- generally to your question in terms of investment performance, obviously one of the Equity markets is going to be running strong or, say, really have a very strong beta movement. The ability for that product to outperform other products that may be more Equity oriented is not going to be there. It's certainly understood in terms of the product. It's been a diversifying element within advisors' mix of products that they've offered their clients particularly because you don't want to have net allocation product that's so heavily weighted to Equity markets so it will create far more volatility. And so I don't think and certainly our analysis of the product generally is that you won't see outflows in this category. When Equity markets are running normally, it will be at the expense of Fixed Income. So it's more of a trade-off, where Fixed Income products will outflow and moving to Equity products as opposed to this category of assets. So we believe that this product will continue to grow and thrive in this environment.
Loren M. Starr: So we gave you a little bit of a peek into Q1 in terms of the guidance there, in terms of overall comp levels. Obviously, Q1 tends to be noisy because of the payroll taxes and some of the movements there. But that's a pretty good sort of guidepost for you to be thinking about comp into the year. The operating leverage and certainly the operating incremental operating margins of 50% to 60% should be something you will think you'll see and you should see going into 2013. Clearly, there was some noise around this. This year really as investment performance was very, very strong. It's hard to imagine even though we'd love to see it that investment performance gets stronger than that it is today. So I think in terms of where we are, run rate, this is not a bad place to be modeling.
Loren M. Starr: I think, I mean, one other thing just to mention, but I'm not sure how many people really appreciate, but just in terms of going from 2011 to 2012, there's about $28 million that was related to just how our accounting for our deferred compensation where we went from a 3-year vesting cycle to a 4-year vesting cycle back in 2009. And ultimately, 2012 was the first year where we've actually seen 4 tranches of amortization hitting, whereas in 2011, there were only 3. So some of that increase is really just around the accounting related to some of the deferred compensation. I would agree with Marty that there isn't anything in terms of our thinking or our plans that show that somehow operating margin is going to be the operating leverage as impaired going forward. Certainly, there has been some investment around the business and there will continue to be investment around the business. But it's our job to sort of balance that against the growth and we certainly are going to strive to do that.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean I think you've covered the big pieces. I mean I think when you look at the pipeline, which is growing, it's really spread over a lot of different capabilities as you were mentioning, Fixed Income, large in there. Real Estate continues to be a big piece of it. Quant, asset allocation. So in order for the sort of primary elements to it. And certainly, the focus and where we want to make the biggest impact around the products that can go global and so when we think about our investment and what we've been serving local needs and we want to continue to do that but our greatest opportunity is creating product that have the opportunity to go global and that is where the resource, the balance sheet, the product development is very much focused.
Loren M. Starr: Michael, the answer is no. If anything, I think, I've mentioned it briefly. I mean we're actually seeing our effective fee rates for the firm as a whole improved because of what is happening. A lot of interest in products with higher fees within our traditional ETF so bank loan is a good example where I think it's at $2.5 billion or some really staggering number, and that had a pretty high rate. I think it's well in excess of 60, 70 basis points. So we are not seeing fee rates being eroded due to ETF and certainly, there are no expectations of any other fee cuts in the ETF space. That -- and I was just recently talking to our head of our business so I think that was a really one-off episode.
Loren M. Starr: Sure. So -- glad you asked. But -- so I think we've mentioned that in the last quarter, we've already seen some of those savings come in. I think it was about $1 million that we had talked about rolling into G&A and unfortunately, obviously, we have seen some offsets to that as the regulatory environment continues to sort of increase requirements for us. But with that said, we would expect another $1.5 million to come in as savings into next quarter or next couple of quarters. About 1/2 of it into G&A, the other 1/2 into compensation, so sort of the run rate, quarterly run rate savings of the project is somewhere in the $2.5 million frame and that's roughly the $10 million that we talked about. So I do think we're going to get the savings we have wanted to. Some of that project though has been delayed so there is where we want to finish it by year end. It's sort of spilled a little bit into this year so we'd expect the completion to be done roughly mid-year 2013.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, they're definitely lower level. I mean we saw a lot of tax selling in the fourth quarter so our redemption rate was actually, with the whole industries spiked up a little bit, I think the graph kind of showed that so it's definitely coming back in line with the pre-Q4 levels.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, so I think in terms of the capacity constraints, we've said and there isn't a hard one, but it's somewhere around $40 billion and that was related to the traditional ABRA product. That's really U.S.-focused discussion and so we're still well under that number. We're well under $20 billion there so we can definitely grow quite a bit. The good news is, I mean, we've continued to focus on the suite of products and some of the other products like premium income, which they're still small right now. I mean, they're seeing really nice growth just like we saw with the balance risk. It took a while but if it continued at this kind of quarter-to-quarter growth rate, it's going to be something that will be material at some point in the future. And so that, again, it's important that we don't have everything based on one product and so I think we've done a good job of creating other products that will allow us to grow.
Loren M. Starr: So Mike, I'll just jump in, and Marty I don't know if you want to -- the thing that's important to note, until we see it. And maybe it's a little different than some of our competitors, our net revenue yield had dropped over that same period in time quite substantially to the product mix that we're offering, basically satisfying client demands, but in many cases that did call for a lower yield. And I think if you look at how that affected us relative to some of our competitors, it's probably more marked for us versus some competitors. And with that, despite that net revenue yields, I mean, yes, I agree, margins have been somewhat flat, but that's not been the easiest thing to do because it means expenses actually had to go down as a percentage of assets was well, and so a lot of work has been done. The good news, and this is why I do think we can and should be optimistic about margin expansion in the future is that, that trend of declining net revenue yield is now seems to be reversing. And we're starting to see net revenue yield actually improve quarter-over-quarter as the fee mix and the products that we're introducing are definitely at a higher yield than what we saw before. The Morgan Stanley acquisition, I think we've talked about it, obviously, a lot of those products were at a lower yield, and so that obviously created a little bit of a challenge in terms of a counteracting a cost structure that was set for a little bit of a higher yield. And so with all that said, I think we are making good progress, and I feel pretty confident in saying that it is our expectation that margin expansion and the operating leverage that you have -- expecting and we've been talking about quite some time is going to materialize, assuming markets are flatter or improving, right? So that is certainly something that I'd say structurally should take place. We are -- we can and we will continue to invest in the business. We have been doing that, but with net revenue yield improving, the margins will grow. With the incremental operating leverage are at 50% to 60%, that, we think, is important.
Loren M. Starr: And I think when you talk about some of the specific areas like Canada, I mean the performance has been just stunning in terms of the change. And so I think, in terms of the 1-, 3- and 5-year percentage of assets bidding peers, I mean, it's as good as I've seen it, don't know many years, right? So I think it's 60%, 70% bidding peers, maybe even higher, uncertain of the time frames. So that is definitely helping the flow picture of the success in terms of the products that have been introduced in Canada over these last several years, in terms of the asset allocation products, the ETFs, suites, some other investment capabilities that have diversified relative to the traditional Trimark product, have been quite successful. So we feel really very positive about the prospects for Canada going forward in terms of the flows on both new products, as well as the traditional Trimark products, which, as you know, have really good feed characteristics, and the whole structure is -- tends to have very good margin characteristics as well. So that's a positive movement into 2013. The U.K. and Europe generally have evolved. I think, done well and better. Europe is, I'll just do that quickly, I mean -- and that's been really, really strong for us. I think we came in #6 in terms of net flows for the full year relative to the cross-border flows. So that's a very strong showing for us where, I think, historically, we've been closer to the bottom of the Top 10. We're sort of moving our way up. And then -- so that's very positive. And that's not just been asset allocation. It's been fixed income and Continental European equities, and so it's broadly based. And then the U.K., generally, I think, we're seeing some of the asset allocation products beginning to take hold. And certainly corporate bond product and other products have done very well and continued to get good share of market. So I would say, we're feeling very good about our positioning in Europe, generally.
Loren M. Starr: So I think with the alternative category, obviously, it's the #1 place we've seen. Interest has been in the institutional side. Historically, it's been somewhat dominated for us by real estate, also private equity has been a smaller element, but one I think you will continue to see growth into 2013. But certainly in terms of institutional growth in pipeline. It's a measured thing. We're -- it's interesting, I think, for the industry and for us also is, in terms of the retail opportunity offering alternative capabilities, and we have, I think in aggregate, about $30 billion of assets that we would call alternative, that are being sold to the retail business. And that's an area where we think there is potentially a lot of opportunity to grow that have not been tapped. So we, like others, I think, in this business are thinking about how to do that well. And so that -- I think that's the story that's still sort of being written, but I think it's an interesting one.
Loren M. Starr: I don't think we said anything about margins. We talked about compensation. The comp was, for Q4 and Q1 of 2013, thought to be roughly the same.
Loren M. Starr: No. So obviously, I mean, we're at a higher asset level at year end versus the average for Q4, and so that will provide some lift just naturally, but obviously, you do have payroll taxes being offset by some, I would say, higher level of payout relative to performance fee into Q4 that will sort of offset each other.
Loren M. Starr: I think I'll do that query. So one point, generally if we look at Europe, and Europe in Q4 we saw investors go into equities in a much stronger way than they did in the U.S. So they do it without any tax fund, but there was a legitimate sort of re-risking that was going on that we saw in Europe, which I think in terms of what we may be seeing in the U.S, is that, once you've gotten past all those tax aligning and some of this fiscal cliff stuff, so that's kind of some one backdrop. Again, it's hard to say because it's sort of real-time data as to what is seasonality and what is real. But we have not seen any tapering. I mean, January has been just an incredibly strong month for the firm as a whole. The U.S. piece has been probably one of the stronger elements within that mix, and so we've not seen sort it fade into the end of the month at all.
Loren M. Starr: And one person, I think, was describing to me that the hope is back. It wasn't there before. People are now dealing a little more hopeful, and that is helping them sort of to take on more risk. And not just in equities, there may be -- within the fixed income spectrum of what's being offered as well.
Loren M. Starr: So I think we are still focused on returning a committed level of capital to our shareholders through dividends. We think it's been certainly well-received, and certainly has not been a hardship for us in terms of being able to do that. And then our operating cash flow continues to grow, so you should expect to see our focus on dividends and payback in dividends to move with that. There isn't an expectation that we would sort of take a different approach than you've seen us do in 2012. With respect to our leverage, we were pleased to extend our maturities on our debt out 10 years. We locked in $600 million. That's in place. I think our focus on what we can chip away at is in the credit facility, and that is again there's not -- it's not been an issue. It's very low-fee debt for us. It's not created any topics with agencies. And then so over time, we can continue to bring that down, but there's not sort of an imperative to delever it. And as far as we can tell, it's not creating an issue with our investors or the stock price.
Loren M. Starr: And I think, I mean, I would say, Rob, is, I mean, granted some capabilities are more scalable than others, and so my comment earlier about trying to focus on products that can go global in that scale, I think is very much an important element to margin expansion. Certain businesses, certain capabilities are more people on the ground. They're more people-intensive and that's just what they are, right? And so the mix can have an impact on margin, but in terms of where we're expecting to see more growth and where the fastest parts of our business are going, we would expect to see margins expand. There isn't any part of our business where it would grow and you'd see margins decline. I mean, we really don't focus on those types of instances. And so -- but generally, there will be some businesses that if you can get a greater ratio of the assets to the portfolio manager, generally, you're going to see greater scale in margin expansion. So these big flagship funds, these types of things, make a big difference.
Loren M. Starr: It's been thriving. I mean, it's a very -- it continues to be one of the top JVs. I think the good news is China. The optimism around China seems to be improving. And then I think the mood is improving, sort of a lot of new product introductions being contemplated for 2013. It's now a broader platform than it was 3 years ago where it was almost all equities. Now it's equity and fixed income, and we're looking at other product offerings as well as, Marty mentioned, ETF. So we think it is going to be a very important part of Invesco's business, and it's one that -- 2012 was a difficult year for China and Greater China, generally. And so we are hopeful and optimistic that you're going to see things improve with a better tenor in the dialogue. And certainly the leadership change; in China, I'm not going to talk about politics, but apparently, that's been well received in terms of setting a good agenda for growth.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. That's a great question. I mean, we're always looking at our expenses, trying to see if we can be more effective, more efficient. Continuous improvement is a focus throughout the organization about trying to use our resources more effectively. So some of the things -- it's just going to be continuation largely of the things we've done in the past. But for example, if we can get greater scale in our operations, particularly in some of the locations that have shown to be really good at delivering results at a lower cost, we're going to do that. And so that's -- those are the things that can take time. They continue on. They do save significant amounts of money, but it's not going to be so noticeable as you're going to see suddenly tens of millions of dollars of costs pulled out in a year. It takes time.
Loren M. Starr: The other one element is that people's exposure to domestic equity may not be in the form of a traditional domestic equity mutual fund anymore. I mean, it may be that they're getting it through different ways, asset allocation, ETFs, other forms. So how we look at this also may slant our view, which may not be helpful when we talk about domestic equities, a class that is somehow struggling or dying. And then maybe -- actually not quite as dire as people presume because it's actually introduced into other types of products in different ways. And so I think it's an interesting discussion, but it's not one that is obvious.
Loren M. Starr: Well, I think we have a chart that shows that long-term flows for ABRA in Q4 were roughly $5.7 billion. I'm sorry, what's that? I'm looking at $2.7 billion, forgive me. $2.7 billion or $3 billion. So there's a chart that was in our deck that makes that out.
Loren M. Starr: Well the performance of the fund as it -- obviously, in a near-term basis, may have seem a little more challenged because of the very strong equity markets, and then it tends to balance its risk across commodities, equities and fixed income. So we've not seen any impact in terms of sales or flows as a result of that. And I think the question which we've been asked -- and I still think we obviously have yet to see what ultimately happens. But we don't think it's going to have any sort of major impact in terms of customer demand for that product because it is certainly designed to provide a balanced return over a longer period of time. And it is not a rocket ship that's going to go up when markets are up and fall when markets are down. And then specifically used that, the diversify safety elements in people's portfolios, which I think is still in demand.
Loren M. Starr: I think -- I mean, our greatest personal success has been in the area of real estate as an asset class and REITS, and that's been a global phenomenon. And the largest part of that $30 billion that I mentioned is definitely in that category. We've seen it, though, in terms of commodities and that's largely in ETF space that we offer those types of products, and so that has shown up in retail. And it's not just ETFs. It is our balance commodity products, too, has been used as a mutual fund by retail investors. We've focused on some other asset allocation capabilities that are set off for total return-type of capabilities that are introduced and have been introduced into our retail segments. And that's one that is sort of new, but one that we think is -- has a lot of opportunity to grow. So again, I think there's -- it's still, as I said, the script is being written on how well this is going, but it is one where when you think about retail investors and what they're looking for, I think, a lot of things that alternatives offer are interesting and attractive to them. And the biggest issue is making sure they understand the product, understand the risks to the product and importantly, the liquidity of the product. Can they get in and out. And if they can't, obviously, they have to be qualified investors who understand these piece issues.
Loren M. Starr: So Steve, let me give a couple of thoughts on that one. I mean, one, we see where the comp to revenue ratio is. I think the lines referred to by Mason have higher ratios than we do, but obviously, that's not how we have organized our comp. It's not sort of investment banking model or anything. That's sort of just formulaic because we have the view of paying for long-term performance. that's the biggest part of our compensation. And certainly, as we've said our comp -- and our investment performance is probably as strong as you've ever seen it, so compensation, in some ways, reflect that. So that's kind of one point. And we think that's the kind of right way to manage an asset management firm. So one thing, one data point there. And in terms of -- and a lot of that is deferred to. So again, that's another element that is important. And obviously, if it's deferred, it is somewhat fixed and it won't vary based on the market. And so the challenges, I mean, that's one of the realities of how deferred compensation is accounted for. I mean, our senior managers and how they are paid, I think if you go to our proxy statement, last year, it lays it out pretty explicitly in terms of how it's thought about, and just to run[ph] people in case you haven't seen it, and things about compensation, incentive compensation as a percentage of pre-cash operating income. And so pre-cash operating income grows or shrinks, so does the compensation for senior management, and that's what you should expect to see. So again, you shouldn't have an issue in terms of say on pay because obviously, the compensation numbers that you're seeing for the firm as a whole may not be reflective, and probably in this case, won't be reflective of what's going to go on for senior management because operating income is actually down year-over-year. And so that is the reality of how composition is going to work for senior management. So again, I think, good point, it's something that we're aware of. It's something that is not lost on us. We think the way we're doing compensation is right. The real topic, I think, ultimately, have to do with, it's easy for you to say, is the revenue issue. And do we have the right revenue dynamics that supports the teams that in place, and that's is all about growth and finding these global products that scale and making sure that our resources are focused on building those capabilities. And as you can imagine, it's very expensive to provide local capabilities locally, because they can never truly scale unless it's exceptional, like in the U.K., where you're #2 or #1 in the market. So that's the challenge of the dynamic that is, I think you're probably aware of, with Invesco. And it's one that I think is manageable, and one that I would expect, as you can see the 2013 comp, the revenue ratio will decline, and then should begin to normalize in a way that you'll be pleased with as a shareholder.
