Loren M. Starr: Thanks a lot, Marty. During the quarter, the long-term net flows that we discussed added $3.3 billion, while Money Market funds had net outflows of $1.1 billion. The big story, of course, is the declining markets and the unfavorable FX that reduced our AUM by $57.5 billion during the quarter. So the resulting reduction in AUM quarter-over-quarter was $55.3 billion or 8.5%, leaving us with $598.4 billion in AUM at the end of Q3. Average AUM for the quarter decreased 3.1% to $632.7 billion, and our net revenue yield in Q3 ended up at 44.6 basis points, and that's a drop of 1.4 basis points. This was really due to 3 factors in the quarter: The first was lower performance fees and other revenues. The second was the impact of a full 3 months worth of fee waivers that were associated with the U.S. product realignment, and that was, as you know, largely completed in early June of this year. And the third is the market impact on product mix and our Equity AUM actually declined from 46% to 42% of total AUM, again largely due to the market. Next, turn to operating results. You'll see that net revenues in the quarter declined $45.1 million, that's 6% quarter-over-quarter, while unfavorable FX rates lowered net revenue by $4.3 million. If we drill down onto this, you'll see that investment management fees fell $40.2 million, that's 4.8%, down to $804.1 million. This was mostly due to the drop in our average AUM although once again, the fee waivers are related to the U.S. product realignment, and the mix shift also contributed to the fall. Furthermore, FX reduced our investment management fees by $6.1 million in the quarter. Service and distribution revenues were down $17.1 million or 8.3%. This was caused once again by lower average AUM but also by a decline in some of our TA fees from the U.S. product realignment. Performance fees in the quarter came in at $3 million. That's a drop of $5 million versus Q2. You may remember, we highlighted that we had some performance fees from the U.K. in Q2 that was about $3.5 million, and that did not reoccur in this current quarter.  Other revenues in the third quarter came in at $26.7 million, that's down $5.6 million. Again, this is primarily explained by lower retained front-end load fees, as sales declined in Europe during the quarter. Third-party distribution, service and advisory expense, which we net against our gross revenues, decreased by $22.3 million or 6.6%. This was in line with the movement in investment management and service and distribution fees over the quarter. And foreign exchange has an impact of $2.5 million reduction to this line item in the quarter. Moving on down to the slide, you'll see that our adjusted operating expenses at $450.4 million declined by $16 million or 3.4% relative to the second quarter. In this case, FX accounted for $2.4 million of this decrease. Employee compensation at $306.3 million fell by $4.6 million or 1.5% versus the second quarter. FX contributed to $1.5 million of that decline. Marketing expense decreased by $2.3 million or 8.6% to $24.4 million. This was due to reduced sponsorship costs, as well as the lower levels of advertising in the quarter. FX marginally impacted that, with decline by $0.2 million due to FX. Property, office and technology expense was $62.8 million in Q3. That was a minor increase of $0.3 million. FX reduced the expenses by $0.3 million in the quarter. And then, general and administrative expenses came in at $56.9 million in the quarter, that's down $9.4 million. This was due to a variety of cost management and discipline activities. Lower travel, recruitment and professional expenses contributed as well. And FX amounted to about $0.4 million of that decline. Going down to the bottom of the page, you'll see that nonoperating income decreased $2.5 million quarter-over-quarter. This is due to mark-to-market of certain of our partnership investments, as well as due to lower level of realized gains on the disposal of seed capital during the quarter. Our effective tax rate came in on pretax adjusted net income at 22.5%. The third quarter's lower tax rate reflected a FIN 48 release for uncertain tax provisions. Going forward, we like to guide you to effective tax rate that we believe will fall in the range of 25.5% to 26.5%. And so, finally, our adjusted EPS was $0.42, a decline of 4.5% versus Q2, and our adjusted net operating margin came in at 36.2%.  So before turning it back to Marty, let me just quickly comment on our capital management. During the quarter, our net debt declined by $330 million, which was resulting from the $194 million repayment of our credit facility and $136 million increase in balance sheet cash. We do continue to believe that our stock is attractive at current price levels, and therefore, we intend to purchase $100 million during the fourth quarter, making our total buyback of $433 million in 2011. With that, I will turn it back to you, Marty.
Loren M. Starr: Michael, let me try to address that. In terms of other revenue, it was really predominantly driven by the front-end load. The retained front-end load sales were down significantly in Europe and the U.K. So that had an impact there. Again, that was really, I think, in the height of the concerns around Europe. So I'd hope we'll see that abate, and then we'll begin to see that number come back in Q4 and beyond. In terms of performance fees, I think you're right. I mean, performance is very strong, as we highlighted. We do have some seasonality around performance fees, as you've seen, particularly in the U.K. and in Atlantic Trust. There tends to be a Q4 opportunity for performance fees in the U.K. also in Q1. That's kind of very short term. But I'd say generally, we think performance fees, we would expect to see more across all of the platform of products that generate them. And I think in the near term, we'll expect to see certainly some improvement also at this current level, even into Q4. Hard to quantify, I feel sort of uncertain about giving you real numbers on that one. But again, I think given the performance that we're seeing in our products, it would certainly be a good expectation to see it go up.
Loren M. Starr: Based on our forecast, we think the G&A line item is sort of a good run rate. It's not even the potential for less going into Q4. We're very focused on managing our cost in this current environment, a lot of uncertainty. And so, it's a major theme internally to make sure that we're prudent in how we spend, certainly, the discretionary line items. So again, I think if you look at our current numbers, there's nothing unusual in terms of thinking about it into Q4.
Loren M. Starr: I think everything you said is what I -- has been reflected-to me, too. So there's definitely more room to go, but there is a point where it flows, and so again, that's something that we're not at the point to quantify.
Loren M. Starr: So Bill, I think I got your question. The fee waiver number is about $30 million per year. And so, that was put in place with the combination of the funds. And clearly, when you had higher funds merging with lower-priced funds, for the rising [ph] for clients was to waive fees down. It's a discussion that occurs at the fund board level, so it's not something that we directly control. And so, again, in terms of what could happen, in terms of those fee waivers, it would be presumptuous for me to sort of talk about what the dialogue is going to be around the fund boards. But again, there is the potential for the fee waivers to drop, and that would create some relief off of that run rate.
Loren M. Starr: So Bill, yes, I think -- I mean, a couple points on comp though, one, I think we've mentioned it several times during the presentation, our investment performance continues to improve. And so, we have a direct linkage between compensation and investment performance with our teams. And so, that's one element in our story in terms of what is driving our comp numbers. The other, again, is we try to forecast and provide a very smooth compensation picture as we for -- every month, every quarter, we forecast where assets are going to be and we accrue based on that estimate. And so we really, I mean, we try to avoid having any sort of catch-ups or things that happen in the quarter or something that's not sustainable. So we try to give you that smooth view. So the number that we showed on compensation are a good sort of proxy going forward. I mean, again, given the fact that there's probably 3 quarters of lower assets as opposed to one month, you could see further decline in that number into the fourth quarter. But again, it's something we manage closely, but it's very much aligned to investment performance as well.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, actually, I mean, one of the points is probably worth just pointing out is as Marty said, time to time, we'll see opportunities in the market, and in fact, that was one of these cases this last quarter. And when such things happen, we are restricted from continuing on with our share buyback program. The fact is we didn't do anything in terms of this opportunity. And so we are out of that restriction, clearly, given our announcement. But in case you were wondering why we weren't actively buying shares in the last quarter, it was really due to us being tied up in this restriction.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I don't think I have much more to add. That's exactly the process we can go into the market now.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So I think the piece that's reflected it coming off -- it came off to the end of August till it got one-month of benefits, it's sort of a $6 million run rate. So that would be $0.5 million the benefit for non-[ph] sponsorship in the quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Glenn, I don't think we have the ability to just kind talk about the pricing right now on this stuff, but it is something. The retail, I think, is public -- it's like 60 basis points, something in that range. So rather that I not get specific on the Institutional side of this point, if that's all right.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, I hope so. I mean, again, it's a great question, and it really does depend entirely on where equity markets go from here. And so yes, sort of more of stability more recently, sort of moving to the right direction would tend to allow me to agree with that comment. But again, we have to see how the rest of the year goes through, and FX may have some impact as well. So I'm hopeful that we'll see stability in that line item.
Loren M. Starr: All right. Well, in terms of, I mean, leverage going forward, we've discussed some debt to EBITDA ratios at one or somewhat below. We feel very comfortable at those levels. We were at somewhat higher levels after the second quarter when we stepped up the buyback. So again, I think you'll see those ratios decline over time. And so I'd say think about one-times as a general thought. Beyond that, the opportunity to delever further, it's always the conversation doesn't makes sense or take on more leverage. And you wouldn't take leverage on just to take leverage on. It would be done in the context of some opportunity, typically is why we would take on leverage. And for such opportunities, you could see a higher degree of leverage than we have today, in fact. So it is a dynamic conversation, but sort of business as usual, I think about one-times. The $100 million really is really just looking at total kind of payouts of the cash flow and where we feel comfortable. And we think $100 million makes sense. It puts our sort of payout of cash flow and operating income at the higher end of the range that we've done historically but certainly not in an uncomfortable way, and we think it makes a lot of sense, given where the prices.
Loren M. Starr: Well, again, quarter-over-quarter, it will vary because every quarter, we have bonus payments and then tax payments, and then while dividend is back from Europe and others. So it doesn't really work quarter to quarter. I mean, you can average it out for the year. But I mean, if we're generating about $100 million of free cash flow -- I'm sorry, $900 million of free cash flow, you can sort of calculate the dividends as already sort of baked to $200 million, $250 million. We have some need to build up some cash on the balance sheet as we've discussed, and I think we're on our way to do that. So we do want to continue to do that. How much we would deploy for buybacks, again it's sort of dynamic number. But I think best way to answer that is if you look at our history and what we've done, these payout ratios, as if we're paying out maybe 1/3 of our cash and dividends. And you could see 20% to 30% in buybacks, another 20% to 30% in buybacks, so $300 million buybacks per year, take it, divide it by 4, I mean that would be one way to do it, just see that today.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean that there's a variety of things that go into that. It's probably a fairly detailed answer. Maybe you'll just catch up later. I'll give you kind of some insight into that. But again, there are a couple of factors driving those bits.
Loren M. Starr: That's a fairly specific question there, Craig. We generally don't breakdown into those levels of detail on our our compensation line items. But I think -- I mean, what we've said in the past is variable compensation is about 1/3 of our total compensation. That didn't change quarter-over-quarter. There wasn't any extreme sort of changes in hiring or sort of -- I mean, I think you'd find the salary components and the fixed components to be fairly fixed, right? So what you saw in the quarter was really just the flexing of the variable component. And again, that's the cash bonus fees is the one that actually has an impact in the quarter. Whereas, obviously we do provide some deferred compensation for our professionals at the end of the year. That gets amortized over 4 years, and that's a future expense. So again, hopefully, I can just answer your question by saying there wasn't anything unusual happening in any of those line items other than the variable fees, the cash fees flexing down.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, Craig. I think you're going to find it's going to be largely the Real Estate piece, and it's both direct Real Estate and sold [ph] globally. There's also the REITs that we discussed a little bit on the call. There's been a strong interest in REITs in Asia. And so, that's been a big driver of that line item. There have certainly been other elements within that -- bank loans and other things that Marty talked about. But I think the largest piece certainly would be the Real Estate component that drove the quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. I think -- I mean, Jeff, I think it's macro. There's really nothing that was within the portfolio that would indicate that the product is less attractive than it's been in the past. So then people have just been running to the hills, generally. But even then, we didn't see sort of a dramatic reduction in flows.
Loren M. Starr: I mean, the other thing that I would point is, I mean, we had a lot of growth and stable value in the early part of the year, and there was a lot of wrap capacity to accommodate the demand. Wrap capacity continues to be a scarce commodity, and sort of put a little bit of a capacity constraints in terms of how much stable value we can do. So that's probably the other elements within the quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So I think it's just those 2 numbers, [indiscernible]. It's a couple million bucks, right? $4.3 million.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So -- I mean, sales were down a little bit, maybe 10% quarter-over-quarter. But redemption rates were the story. And so not again surprisingly, people were moving cash into riskless assets. We've seen some -- obviously, some turnaround in the market and in the environment. And so again, it's too early to say whether we're reversing that trend fully into this quarter. But again, I think given the breadth of the products and different types of products that we have, we have a Premia Plus type of product in our European line office, well, that we think we can continue to really generate some very good performance and flows for our clients there, even if they're not necessarily wanting equities, which again has not been a huge piece of our picture and continental European equities where we don't do -- we haven't done a lot of that in Europe. It's really been around other types of products, Asian equities and other elements.
Martin L. Flanagan: Great, Loren. Thanks very much. And I think you can get the sum of the quarter. It's led by continued good, very good, investment performance across all of Invesco. And really, we think the trend of -- continued trend of long-term net inflows across all the channels was very strong in spite of a very, very volatile quarter.  And with that, Loren and I will answer any questions anybody might have.
Martin L. Flanagan: Michael, just picking up on that. So if you go back a few quarters, sort of the topics were what's going on in the Quant world and what was happening with us. And I'd say, again, if you look at the performance of our Quant team, it's actually been quite strong now. I mean, it literally, I think as I talked to a couple quarters ago, as the world looked at fundamentals more is really -- October, November of last year, where it started -- the performance had started, do what it was meant to do and continue to generate out for the portfolio. So it feels like that headwind has left us from the standpoint of clients moving totally away from Quant to an area where it went sort of flat. But frankly, you're starting to see some interest coming back in Quant, and I wouldn't want to get anybody too excited, but you're starting to see that in Europe in particular. So that's a nice change from what was a year ago early this year. Also see, when you look at the investment performance of the Canadian investment teams, it's really strong. So I mean it's just very, very different than what we've had in the past couple of years, which is a very important topic. And also, when you look at Canada, a handful of things are going on. One good investment performance, a broad view of what's available in Canada, the ETFs are really -- early days, starting to make a difference. Also, the Institutional business, where we had our focus previously, again early days. But again, you're starting to see some indications of rising RFPs in the marketplace. So we're feeling much better about where we are there. And again, so the level of confidence that is increasing for us is in Institution.
Martin L. Flanagan: So Ken, good question. The earlier few quarters in last year, it was really Quant that was really the institutional topic on the redemption side. And I just said, it feels like that's really changed. What we continue to see on the RFP side throughout different parts of the world, really, I'd say sort of across the spectrum, it's Real Estate, direct real estate, global REITs. This combination of Premia Plus asset allocation multi-assets strategy products are really taking hold institutionally. I'd say that's pretty broad in different regions of the world. Bank loans is another area that you continue to see continuing activity. And then, in different parts of the world, the merchant markets, you're actually seeing people look at the Japanese equities, you're actually seeing people look at some of the core U.S. Equity portfolios, but more dividend related-type op products. So it's ever broadening, I'd say, and I think that's a good sign, frankly, for the industry also. And actually I should add one. I did mention bank loans, but credit-related Fixed Income continues to be sort of topical.
Martin L. Flanagan: So I think it is. So it's June of next year that you get the 3-year number. But you're already seeing, as I mentioned, the results into it even without a 3-year number aren't really quite surprising. I mean, that's usually sort of the starting point to get a 3-year number. But we're -- even without that, we're seeing some very good results. And I think it's the result of a couple of things: One, yes, the team has a good long history, high-quality team. There was an institutional track record exits to 3 years, I think, in November, December this year. So people have looked at that. Again, it's getting traction ahead of its time, but again, just the fundamental theme of downside protection is something that is very broad. So we would expect just even when you hit that 3-year number, just continually broadening of the mandate.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, that's a quick question, so let me make a couple of comments. One, the investment team is absolutely superb. And they are very good managers, long, long-term track record, been together for a very long time. And first and foremost, with them and with any team, as soon as they get to a period where they say, "We can't," if they don't think they can handle anymore, we shut the doors. We absolutely stop it. And it's a team that is very dedicated to their clients. So I don't have that concern. Again, they're also very conservative on how they manage the portfolios. But there will be a time when they will probably say, we've talked out, and we'll just have to see how much longer that is. And I don't know, Loren, if you would add anything from your conversations.
Martin L. Flanagan: And Ken, just to underline a point here, we don't want to be one of those place where too much of a good thing becomes a problem. So we'll be telling you that we're stopping it before that happens.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, I see. On the money fund side of the focus on regulators, they have still -- yes, 2 comments, I'd say. I mean, this is probably what -- 6 months ago, they were happy with the regulatory changes put in place for the money funds. But they still wanted something else to be accomplished, something more to ensure that there is further ability to mitigate any runs in the market. And the first point that I would make about that is that during this European debt crisis -- we'd like to refer to it as that -- from what March on of this year, I think the regulators actually feel very, very good about the outcome of money funds during that period. It was a very stressful period on money funds, and they did extremely well. So the changes put in place were a good thing. And I think you'd probably expect -- yes, but I think the goal is at the end of the year and the first quarter of -- yes, one more change to money funds. And my sense of it, it would be something that is very manageable for the industry that ensures that you'll continue to have a very broad group of people in the money fund industry and not frankly ruining what has been a very important vehicle within that sort of ecosystem of the financial world. So I think right now, the outcome could just be a very positive one for all parties concerned. But again, it can change on a dime, but that's where I'd say we are right now. And then with regard to ETFs, I think obviously, there's a lot of focus on volatility in the marketplace and what is driving that. There's probably 2 areas that I think are getting a lot of attention. Most recently, it has been ETFs, but it's really -- high frequency trading is really, I think, a very, very, very important area where there's a lot of focus. From regulators' point of view, is that -- yes, the question is, is it contributing to what in fact you're supposed to accomplish, which is a capital market environment that is for long-term investors and capital formation. So that's the question around that. And then with regard to ETFs, the issue of -- really, I think the focus is on leverage ETFs in particular, and I think that is going to continue to be a topic in the focus. But the conclusion on that would be the absolute broader ETF market, the vast majority of the ETF market will not be impacted by that conversation. And I would see the ETF participants are very focused on making sure that it continues to be a very viable and strong industry going forward. So I think that regulatory outcomes in both of those areas could be good for investors and good for participants.
Martin L. Flanagan: But again, I just, Michael, to your point and I want everybody else here -- it's extremely high bar for us. And I think some of the properties that are coming on the market or rumored to be on the market, they frankly -- headline level look are more distressed than what we're interested in. But again, we'll just continue to pay attention.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let me make a couple of comments, and Loren can chime in. Again, I think if you look back over the years, we are very, very focused on ensuring that we run on a good effective business and very focused on cost management. That said, where we are, probably like many firms, looking at where the environment is and unsure of what it might look like. There's sort of a two-pronged focus for us as an organization. First of all, we're looking at -- we feel we're probably better positioned as an organization than, I can say, at least the last 6 years that I've been here, and that, clearly, we are slowing down some areas, where the opportunities slowed down, when the market slowed down, but there's still many opportunities for us, and we're trying to strike the right balance on those that are still filled, closer that we are continuing to move forward on it. But we're doing the right things, and yes, we focus on discretionary spending in particular. That said, if the world falls apart, we will respond accordingly. But we think it would be unwise to literally shut everything down right now. We just think it would be not the right thing to do. We just want to make sure that we can run with the opportunities in front of us, but those that are less opportune because the market will slow down or just put on hold.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, I think it is more. And again I, because everybody -- it's sort of fundamentally thinking that where Europe sits right now, many of the European asset managers might become available. And there's twofold. It has tended to be very proprietary distribution. That becomes a topic and a very important topic. It can sometimes work to your advantage and disadvantage. But at the same time, when you have duplicative platforms, and you compare the duplicate investment management capabilities, it's your investment management capabilities, it really gets to something the industry has not done a lot of, and that's just absolute consolidation. And it's worked well. That's with thanks to when they roll up sort of the deposit platforms. It's different when you start to get to the clients out of the money management business, and I think that becomes a bigger consideration for any firm that will be looking at those. So I don't think it extends to the financial stability of what would be the selling institution. I think there's always ways to protect yourself against that. Again, every situation will be different.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I don't have the specific numbers in front of me. But what I can tell you is just if you just look at RFP activities that put you on platforms, it's probably from a year ago, despite there've been 100 additions to platforms. And obviously, some of those happened within the quarter. So it just continues to get broader and stronger.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. I have to be a little careful about that just because of, yes, where they are and sort of that process. But again, I don't think of -- it's going to be investment pieces driven, and it needs to be long-term viable solutions, and so it would be an extension of some of these ideas. So don't think media investment needs as opposed to sort of run into the market with launches, that's not our approach. But again, it is something, it's a very strong team, and it is a combination of needs that people want to be out there. So it feels like it's probably going to be around for a while.
Martin L. Flanagan: We can't talk about any capital raising activities, as you know, just from SEC regulations and the likes. I hate to say it, that's all I can say.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes. So let me talk about industry and investment opportunities, how is that? So it is a fact, fund raising in the Private Equity area, the fundraisers are taking twice as long, and they have been raising about half of what they did sort of the prior round. And one of those is this numerator- denominator effect with the institutions that you've seen where some plans are less interesting alternatives, others just because of the markets working against them, they've sort of hit their quota. That said, the investment opportunities that the WL Ross & Co., the team there, the pipeline is extremely full. They are finding fantastic set of investment opportunities. The team could not be busier and more excited about what's in front of them. And that's a very, very good thing, and they're very active, they'll continue to be very active. And there's going to be very, very good results for the people in the existing funds. That bodes very, very well, I think, for ongoing client opportunities.
Martin L. Flanagan: Right. I think what I would do, though, confirming your point, though, so that was what the market is and the few rates are changing quarterly. So the thesis is still in place as the markets respond positively. The effective fee rate would run back, so we don't want you to come away with not thinking that's the case.
Martin L. Flanagan: Just broadly again, we I feel really, really good about our ETF business and the way that we're positioned within that market. And again, largely more value-added ETFs in the marketplace we think is going to be a growing part of the ETF business in the United States or around the world. And as you just mentioned, risk in Mexico, the Canadian effort, which is probably one of the more recent ones and more broad, continues to broaden for us where originally it was ETFs within the Mutual Funds than purchasing ETFs on the New York Stock Exchange and then more recently just getting TSE-listed ETFs. And Europe is an area that we continued to -- we've been in it in a relatively small way, but it's a market right now that is under pressure just broadly just because of what's going on there. And also back to the question earlier, there are some broader questions in Europe just around the structure of the ETFs with leverage within the ETFs and that. But that's in longer-term, we think Europe is an area that will continue to be an opportunity and probably longer-term, different parts of Asia for us. So again, it is absolutely a principal focus of ours as an organization. And again, today has been a very focused conversation here largely on the U.S. Retail business simply because of our most recent efforts there. But the front and center for us is the ETF business, and we think we're going to continue to purchase in that way going forward.
Martin L. Flanagan: You're asking the question we all want the answer, too. It's a hard one. I mean, so let me leading the way for us, for the least is, this Premia Plus type products, there's little question about it. But absolutely factual what you're seeing within the channel, disproportionate interest in Equity income-type products, whether it's the RFPs, placements on the different platforms, flows into the products. And if you look at what you have, where the flow is going, it tends to be those products. And I'd say, if you're on the sideways, the bias-up market, I think you're going to continue to see real interest in that range, frankly across the industry because at some point, once people think that they've sort of limited their downside, they're going to get out of cash products. And that's probably the next range of where they're going to put the money, and that has been consistent with what we've seen. And it was pleasantly just surprising to see some continued flows into those areas.
Martin L. Flanagan: We've continued in the -- money funds, money funds, excuse me. Muni bonds continue to be sort of an area that have been more net outflows. It's less than where you saw it earlier in the year when people were so scared, but that would probably be the bigger area of...
Martin L. Flanagan: Let's see. Just thinking of -- starting in Asia. REIT has been very, very positive in Asia, but I would say, just our position, Asia is very, very strong. And in Japan now, very strong. Greater China, very, very strong. And I just think that's going to continue to be an ever-growing positive part of Invesco's long-term success. So again, anybody that’s been out there again even recently. It's just a very, very different environment than if you're in Continental Europe. So that's going to continue and probably just continue to broaden. And Asia was one of the areas, as I was speaking earlier, that you're literally seeing greater mandates and things like Japanese equities, even into greater China, interest in U.S. equities in Greater China. So things that you wouldn't necessarily think are top of mind, actually in the region, so very strong. And obviously, the continent in particular, I mean, it's been an area that people, consumers, investors have rightfully become worried, and that makes sense. That said, it's such a huge part of this. We talked about it on our last conference call. It's such a huge part of the asset base in the world that you have time to continue to focus on and make sure you're positioned well for a time when it improves, and we're not giving up on that. And we think this is a time to make a difference. It's no different than our approach in the United States, where we look to strengthen the U.S. business during a very difficult time, and I suggest that, that's worked out very well for us. We expect the same in Europe.
Martin L. Flanagan: We've not made any changes, but let me put that in context. I mean, yes, it's a very, very, very strong money fund team. It's a very, very strong credit team. And during the crisis here in the U.S., maybe you've heard me say, we didn't have a single credit that was downgraded in the portfolios that we had. So again, we just continued the processes that have been in place for many, many years, and it's worked just fine during this period for us.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, I'm sorry. We just can't talk about any fundraising activities. It's not that we don't want to, it's just the SEC prohibits us from doing it. But what I will say, the team is very, very strong, doing a very, very good job of finding great investments. And I think that the existing clients and the existing funds are going to have a very, very good outcome again. And again, I'm sorry, we can't be specific. We're just prohibited from doing it. And just again, thank you very much, everybody, for joining us today. And again, it was a good set of questions. And again, we thought it was a very strong quarter on the back of good investment performance and ever-improving flow opportunities for the organization. And we appreciate it, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
