Martin L. Flanagan: Yes, so let me start that and clarify, Dan. So what I was pointing was gross sales in the U.K. are at an all-time high. So you compare gross sales this year to date as compared to last year, year-to-date. Let me pull the numbers again. It was, as I'm paging through it, was -- so year-to-date gross sales in the U.K. were $7.3 billion versus $5.7 billion a year ago. And so the uptake has been a broad -- a real broadening of gross sales into the U.K. business. So that includes European equities, global equities, Asia -- Asian equities, the multi-asset strategies and just the fixed income continues to be very, very strong literally across-the-board. And if you look at the investment performance, asset class-by-asset class, it's just incredibly strong. And so the point that we're trying to make is the business has never been stronger. Yes, there's been a transition to Mark's results who put up some -- and team some really good numbers, but that is the main message there. And I don't have the specific gross flows of the U.K. equity income products, but what I can say is the redemptions are back to industry norms and typically when you go through changes like that, you start by being put on hold and some of the holds are being taken off and so you're starting to see gross sales pick up also. So it's a really -- again in the context of an important change, the business has never been stronger.
Martin L. Flanagan: So I'm surprised you asked that question, Bill. The fundamental fact is what you're seeing with the margin expansion, what is going along with it is strong reinvestment in the business right now. We've continued to do, it but we're getting margin expansion while reinvesting in the business. And the areas that we've talked about over time, Continental Europe was a focus and you can see things coming from that. Fixed income has been a focus. You can see the investment performance in fixed income is very strong right now. That was another area that we think were followed by flows. Also very important to us is the alternative platform, which has been, really, we think it's a core strength of the organization. And we've been expanding that and taking it globally. And so we're trying to be very, very thoughtful in our expansion, investing while at the same time generating the returns that you would expect of us as good stewards. So I appreciate the thought, but we are very much investing.
Martin L. Flanagan: So yes, again that was one of those overnight successes that we started 4 years ago and it was across-the-board. And you should go back a few years, you'll look at it so redoing the servicing platform, which was fundamental; realigning the product lineup, and if you look at it right now, this is very robust product lineup with the investment performance being extremely strong across the asset classes there; and with, frankly, a strategy that you would hope, very concentrated on those areas that we think we could make a difference and sales execution and taking care of clients. And that's what you're seeing happening. And I think importantly, if you look at the flows there going into, we should want to call it, core asset classes, which years gone by it was much more smaller asset classes. So again, we just feel the robustness of where we are and the future opportunity is very, very strong for us in the continent. So we don't think we're done.
Martin L. Flanagan: 11 basis points. So it's not a huge financial impact, but let me -- but here's the reality. We don't think that's going to happen to us. If you look at the suite of money fund capabilities we have, they're very, very competitive. We think we're going to be really very fine in it. And again, I think we'll be positioned very, very strongly in the changes as they come through. And clients are still trying to -- look it's been a -- it's not a new story. So clients are banging [ph] their heads around this potential outcome probably for 24 months, I'd say, already.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I'd probably add to that, Michael. So Loren is especially correct when you saw that happen this quarter where it was less of an equity-led market this past quarter. And we still did quite well, but getting back to the point I made earlier, I think if you were looking out a couple of years, you have to expect some volatility. You have to expect rates to go up at some point and a pullback in the equity markets. And so that gets back to this point of we thought it really, really important to have a broad suite of alternative capabilities that were in place for those types of markets, focused much more on outcomes for clients. And so again I think the diversity of the business and the strength of the alternative capabilities along with fixed income and equity just put us in a very unique position regardless of the market.
Martin L. Flanagan: Yes -- no, I agree with that. So we're on the -- our stated capital policies that we have been on. But I think it would be unwise to ignore the regulatory focus and we're very engaged in trying to understand what's possible. But again, we're still heading down the path that we've been on at the moment.
Martin L. Flanagan: Sure, so let me get started. So it has been, as you point out, end of last year versus part of this year, so introduction of really suite of alts more broadly not just in the U.S., but in the U.K., in the offshore range also. Our view is, as we said in the past, when you introduce capabilities you have to think that it's a 3-year outlook and if it happens before that, you're quite fortunate. But that's been our framework. That said, if you look at the teams, these are teams who've been managing close to the same strategies for a very long time institutionally with some very, very good track records. That's a very helpful element, too, and some of them are extensions of what's been done in the past whether it be around IBRA and different extensions there. So that's helpful. I'd say the shorter-term opportunity probably looks more with the GTR capability, global total return capability that's getting some traction. But again, I'd say early days. It will be -- the first launch in the U.K. was September a year ago, so you're coming up on 1 year, performance is very, very strong. And it's that type of asset class or product that people are looking at is more a less volatile targeted return and...
Martin L. Flanagan: $1 billion so far. So again, our view is 3-year view and we'll have some likely positive surprises within that period, but it's hard to identify.
Martin L. Flanagan: And I would add the other thing, which you would know very well. What, 2 years ago, we made a permanent change to materially increase the dividend and sort of make a permanent commitment to paying back to shareholders. And so when we looked at it, it was a totality of giving back to shareholders and a much heavy emphasis on dividends, not to say that we won't do stock buybacks. We'll continue to do it, but I think that was another strong message we are trying to get across.
Martin L. Flanagan: All right, Ken, well, thank you. You're correct. And so let me put it in more context. So the U.K. is really certain. Again, that was the first launch last September. First, let me say this, across-the-board performance is very, very strong. And on the back of our client -- we came this way because we thought, in time, clients will be looking towards broadening their -- how they build their portfolios and this would be another important part in it. I'd say we're really early days in that development. That said, flows are really strong in U.K., as you pointed out. On the Continent, too, they are taken up much quicker than we thought they would. So again, as we look out to the next 12 months, we'd anticipate that would be another market where they would really probably do well. And I'd say, the teams reputation is more recognized in the U.K. and on a continent, as you would expect, coming from the U.K. originally. So those are probably be the 2 early markets where you'd see continued expansion and acceleration of flows. In the U.S., again, relatively early. There's quite a bit of interest. There's emerging, as you would imagine, institutional demand and that could probably be the area in the States where it might pick up more rapidly than in the retail channel. But again, I think it's a really attractive product with good performance. And again, you can do the extrapolation on IBRA, I won't. But again, it's strong performing and we think it's a very big opportunity.
Martin L. Flanagan: Good question. So I don't have all the specifics on the radius, but you can -- look, you can read publicly, people are actually already considering, already putting it back in the buy list. So as you said from the beginning, Mark is highly experienced. The team is highly experienced. Great track record. So I think the wholes will participate more rapidly than you would expect in a different situation because of that. And so you're seeing early [indiscernible] But let me put this in perspective, Ken. So those 2 funds were in net redemptions before Neil's announcement and I think it's a really important point because these funds, they are very large, they're very old and when you look at the historical redemptions because of the age of the holders, redemptions are a material thing each and every year. So just to get into net flows, the level of sales that you have to meet because of the sheer size is material. So if we move back to the flow levels, preannouncement, which we are getting close to, that's not a horrible thing. Now our goal is not just to remain there, it's to get back into net flows, and we think, in time that will happen. So I think that's an important point to look at also. And if you look at, take -- I don't have the specific numbers, but if you look at the combined, those 2 funds combined, they still represent, I think, they're in the top 5 of gross sales selling funds in U.K. today. So I think that's really the perspective. They're just very large and very old client base. But again, we're moving into a very relatively very good spot at this stage of it. So long winded and hopefully that's helpful.
Martin L. Flanagan: So we do think it's an opportunity. It is one of those areas that, when I went through the litany a few minutes ago, that I didn't address but that's within it. So it's been very, very successful for us. There are further opportunities and really would be in the institutional market and it has not been an area where we have historically focused more recently we have headed down that path, so we think not just in the U.S., but in a couple other important markets we think that is an opportunity for us. So we think that will just continue to add to the ongoing success in PowerShares.
Martin L. Flanagan: So we actually had not been in the U.K. The focus have been on the continent for us. A number of years, it's probably 2007 that we went to the ETF markets. As you know, the market was very, very different than that of the United States and has gone through tremendous change from sort of derivatives-based ETFs to really cash-based ETFs. So we think there is quite a big opportunity within EMEA, within between the U.K. and Continental Europe, in particular. And that is back to one of the earlier questions, we see the institutional opportunity being one in the U.K., in particular, to be something very, very attractive and smart beta, in particular, seems to be not just confined to ETFs, but institutional clients as an opportunity that we think we should be successful in over time.
Martin L. Flanagan: No, our effort has nothing to do with -- first, I'll say it's the strategic focus. Again, originally focused on the continent. We think one of the opportunities in the U.K. really has come -- is emerging because of RDR. The emergence of RDR actually, we think, is an added opportunity to the ETF markets, smart beta and also the institutional market. And U.K., as you're obviously noting is a very, very important, large ETF market that we have not historically participated in.
Martin L. Flanagan: You're exactly right. So I would be, again it's probably the next 12 to 18 months that you'll start to see we're clarifying how we want to play what we think the opportunity is. And again, you'll see what we choose to do over that period of time.
Martin L. Flanagan: Let me try to answer the question, if I understood it. So if you look at our capabilities, very, very much focused on active investing and whether it be -- it went from alternatives through our historical capabilities, whether it be equity or fixed income and broadening of the alternatives capabilities more broadly around the world as we talked about. Where we then see an opportunity for ourselves is the strength that we have with our quantitative teams and with PowerShares around what people are referring to smart beta and variations of that. And we think the combination of that range is very, very strong and competitive globally, but also within retail channels as you're speaking off.
Martin L. Flanagan: Thanks for the question. So look, you would know and just for everybody else, we have a very, very strong bank loan team. We manage $30 billion in assets more or less. They've been doing it for decades. We've actually have had an open-ended bank loan funds since the '90s. It is something we are -- feel very comfortable managing. I think it is something that we're not concerned about. And also when you look at the liquidity within the ETF up to 20% of it is in sort of very liquid assets, which would probably meet anybody's idea of redemption. On top of that, there is a line of credit if there is something beyond that. So the idea that this is much different than other open-ended funds, I think, whether it be bank loans or high yield or you could go to small-cap stocks, I mean it is just part of what comes with managing various funds, and if you look at the sheer size of the markets and the redemptions that was less than 1% of the redemptions that you saw in the bank loan market during the period where there were some redemptions of bank loans. So again, I don't see it much different than how we manage our business on a daily basis.
Martin L. Flanagan: Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us, everybody. I appreciate the engagement and the questions, and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, Dan. Yes, it's purely a shift. It has nothing to do with RDR. It's really just the shift that is onetime, and then foregoing, it will continue on that same track.
Loren M. Starr: No, I mean, I think we've gotten very good praise from the industry, from regulators and others who care about this. So, so far, it's been well received and I think we are sort of out in front of many, many others in the industry first with this. We'll see how others follow.
Loren M. Starr: Look, Chris, I think what you're seeing is there's still some smaller platforms that are sort of making smaller moves, much, much smaller level of magnitude relative to what you saw with the SJP and that's really what you're seeing currently and that probably persists somewhere between now and the end of the year, quite honestly. We do think X those little kind of smaller platform positions, the overall trend in the core retail advisor-led book of business is definitely stabilizing. But we're definitely looking to increase our advertising in Q4 and marketing. And so we're not being complacent around everything is fine still. There's still work that we think should be done. But factually, we've not seen big spikes and it seems more of a business as usual addition in the U.K. than anything else.
Loren M. Starr: So I think, Chris, as we've said in the past. It will have a lot to do with sort of marketing environment we're in and what sort of help we're going to get from equities versus fixed income-led type of environment. We have and can and will grow under sort of flat markets. We have very good product that will be very much in demand under a sort of volatile-type market environment. We think that when equity markets are stronger, however, we actually will fare even better generally and so our incremental margin is probably going to be higher when you're in an equity-led market than otherwise. But with that said, we're still sort of in that range sort of 55% incremental margin, 60% incremental margin, which should help us continue to drive the margin upward over time. So there isn't anything structural that would prevent our margins from continuing to expand as you've seeing them do right now.
Loren M. Starr: So I mean, we've created other products that would be nice alternatives to prime fund option, which we think would capture a significant amount of people who want to find something of a similar nature. We obviously have a government fund where people might go to initially. So in terms of the loss of the full $30 billion, I think that is sort of the very tail of risk to the business.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, I mean, I think we have close to 48% of our assets, something around there, in equities. So the reality is for us to be able to grow our AUM as a percentage, sort of organic growth rate, equities need to somehow be plain enrolled there. Otherwise, we can grow and we have certainly huge diversification growth of other asset classes that would be in demand when we weren't or not in an equity-led market. But we do think, overall, our ability to get organic growth to the highest level would probably be under on an equity-led market. But again, it's all relative, right, to peers and competitors. So we still think we should and we obviously aspire to do better than our competitors under all markets in terms of being able to grow.
Loren M. Starr: I don't think we're -- it's business as usual on the capital management front right now. We are, obviously, keenly observant and listening to -- and observing on what's going on, on the regulatory front, as you said. But there isn't anything imminent that we're seeing that is going to affect our business-as-usual approach, but it is something that we are smartly watching. Marty, I don't know if you have any further...
Loren M. Starr: Okay. So that is dominated by -- because alternatives, the way we capture this information for performance is when you have publicly available peers that we can compare to. And so the vast majority of our alternatives don't have public -- publicly available peers that we can talk about relative ranking. So this one slide is really being dominated by the REITs that are publicly traded. So it's not really an equity. It has to be -- everything to do with the way we manage that REIT product is very conservatively managed with some strong positive fall has been, I mean, we're generating sort of billions of sort of interest in that product. So it hasn't affected the demand for the product. So it's a little misleading, I think, when you look at that slide and you sort of broadly brush alternatives in terms of the performance.
Loren M. Starr: So I think we've been of the mind that sort of being opportunistic when we think about buybacks and we continue to do so. We've also seen sort of rushing in and doing big buybacks can often lead to poor choices around the timing of markets. So the consistency of sort of averaging it through over periods of time has generally seemed to work better than sort of rapid step-ups. And so we have continued in terms of aggregate amounts to continue to buy back more of our stock. You should expect us to continue to do so, but I think it is in terms of what we said earlier, our priorities have not shifted in terms of how we see the needs of our capital and we continue to focus on sort of reinvesting in the business as our number one draw. And we have seen, more recently, some bigger needs around some seedings and co-investments as some of these alternative products have been getting off the ground.
Loren M. Starr: So I think in the U.S., it's on a lot of the platforms, if not most of the platforms, but it is not yet sort of been sort of gatekeeper approved in terms of the models. So it is one of these things that just getting on the platform doesn't mean that it's -- we're going to be able to sell. And so it is one of these things, it's the first step of many to really have this product succeed in the U.S. But don't take this from saying that -- I mean, we're definitely working it hard. We think it's a huge opportunity both on a global basis.
Loren M. Starr: So Chris, I think we're seeing redemption rates continue to drive lower on that IBRA product. I think it was on actually out of July on a global basis, I think the flow has turned positive. So again, I think it's -- I hate to say it's a turnaround now and declaring it fully, but certainly the performance on 3-year number -- 3-year track record year-to-date are sort of in the top quartile. So the product itself is becoming, I think, far more sort of attractive again to clients who are looking for what we originally promised to give, which is a sort of balanced risk across different asset classes. And it's -- I think sales are still sort of lower than we've seen them in the past. It's actually -- that's correct on a global basis, but the flow picture has been improved largely through and much lower redemption rates. So again, the goal was obviously to drive sales higher in that product over time, if we can.
Loren M. Starr: So the other half, I think it was about $5 billion in what -- I think it's called a distribution fund, which is some mix between equity income and our corporate bond offering. And the remainder is in global equities.
Loren M. Starr: So Eric, I think originally, preannouncement, it was around $48 billion was the amount and it's currently at $37 billion roughly. So we obviously have the big institutional redemption of $13.1 billion. I think in terms of the retail outflows, generally they've been somewhere around $0.5 billion to $1 billion a month, just normal. We're just getting a lot of that. It's consistent with what we've seen historically, so nothing different than what we've seen in the past. So again, I think you could probably take that and do the math here or someone smartly doing it for me. We had $17.7 billion of outflow in the time frame. And how much of that was retail versus institutional, I think probably most of it is going to be institutional largely.
Loren M. Starr: That's absolutely right and maybe the net redemption since 2011. So just factually, again, this is what Marty said that's part of the fabric of being biggest in the industry. But I think, yes, they've sort of returned to more normal levels. They're still, as I think we may have mentioned slightly, some elevated levels that are 2 smaller platform outflows that could still occur. But not material in any sense of close to the magnitude of the St. James's Place. And we believe, again, broadly, in the context of EMEA business, that we can grow flows to more than offset that going forward.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, so Brian, I think that's one that we probably are going to be somewhat better than the pace, we would hope. Again, it's not getting worse. We think it's one that's going to continue to improve through the course of the year. But again, it's a little hard to say with great certainty because there are these smaller types of platform that may make decisions along the way and those can be $0.5 billion here or $0.25 billion there. But overall, I think what you're saying is sort of that level and improving through the course of the year and then probably, by the end of the year, we'll have much better clarity in terms of just say all that will be more solid in terms of whether people are coming or going or leaving.
Loren M. Starr: Yes. So Gregg, I think what we're used to fighting on the retail battlefield whatever and so in terms of loss of clients and we compete with them, and gee, we compete with many others. So there's nothing that will prevent anybody or Neil's fund to take clients from us if they win them fair and square. And so I think it is one where we think that we're well positioned to compete. And we have significant marketing dollars and we have significant sales force strength and obviously a fantastic investment team that is sort of tried and true. So we think that will win and we don't necessarily have to worry about structural sort of legal non-competes or anything like that.
Loren M. Starr: Yes, about 0.6 basis point is just due to day count, so that's a normal second quarter to first quarter impact. But we definitely have mixed benefits that is still driving forward. It has more to do with geography than it does sort of what type of asset class as we continue to flow strongly with growth sales -- record sales outside the U.S., which is where the fee rates tend to be higher that is helping to drive our mix and our yields to higher levels.
