Marty Flanagan: Yes. Glenn, let me start and Allison, please chime in. So look, it’s very -- that’s really how that market is operating right now. In time you had to get a little mature to something more similar to the United States where you’ll have your launches, there will be fewer of them and you’ll have the ongoing flows into those capabilities. But there are follow on inflows, but really the bulk of it comes through these launches. And again, it’s just unique to the market. That said, I think it’ll evolve over time. But I just want to -- again, Allison hit on this, I did. It’s a really volatile time over the next few months here, but we just think the future is very, very bright in China for us. And when the COVID transition completes itself, we anticipate 2023 being a very strong year in China.
Marty Flanagan: Yes. I’ll make just a comment. The contrast is dramatic, right? If you went through last year there was really no interest at all in emerging markets in particular very much risk off and the like, it’s too early. But what we are seeing is, starting to be some early interest in emerging markets in China, driven by China, quite frankly. And developing markets in Q4 had some very, very, very solid performance, which needs to have, and it’s a really talented team. So the answer is, if the client appetite is there we should do quite well, which would be a nice change from this past year.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, absolutely. So, look, I think that’s true of equities also, right? Some certainty to the future is going to be a really, really important thing for how investors react this year. But for fixed income, absolutely that’s going to be the case. It’s on the back of a broad set of capabilities, very good performance. And I’ll just follow on to Allison’s point in REIT, which we’ve talked about over the last year. It is now being launched on a very important Wirehouse, which is one of the things we’re waiting for. And we’re also in development of some follow on capabilities in our private markets that will end up in the wealth management channel. But again, that will be a multi quarter introduction. But we’re now underway. So it’s again, this won’t be immediate, but we’re now moving forward, which is a really important thing for the firm.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, look, I think that’s a rational line would get you there, right? But as I say, we’re, from my perspective, we’re a lot closer to the end of the uncertainty than the beginning. And what we point to is just look at our relative flows, vis-à-vis our competitors how we’re positioned. There’s a lot of things that are going well and you don’t need a lot of change and sentiment to really start to make a really meaningful impact in our flows. And so as they say, they don’t ring the bell at the bottom, but we’re a lot closer to that, and I think that’s going to be a really positive development for Invesco.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, it’s a great question and needless to say it’s been in front of everybody. Look, we’ve not had that issue. I’d also say we don’t have the magnitude of size that where that has been sort of topical. So again, our client experience has been very different. But again, I recognize the relative scale that is what comes along with creating availability into these capabilities. And I think that’s -- that would be a lesson for the market. And I think if you want to get exposure to some of these capabilities in extremely challenging times, you’re going to run into some situations like that. And my personal perspective is if we do a really good job educating investors and they have the time horizons that’s necessary for these exposures, they’re going to do really well. So I would not make a decision not to have -- to provide access to individual investors during just an extremely challenging time. So I don’t know if that’s helpful, but that’s how I think about it.
Marty Flanagan: We’re not experiencing what you’re describing. So when there are reductions, it’s -- we have very, very strong relationships with our clients and they’re managed really quite well. So we’re not feeling the friction that you’re referring to. So…
Marty Flanagan: It’s a great question and I’ll give you an answer. I’m sure it’s wrong. But net-net I think getting, the rise in interest rates get into more natural interest rate levels is healthy for the marketplace. I think it’s healthy for active equities over time. And again, as I said before, once it sort of hits its stability level, I think it’s good for different types of asset classes and fixed incomes say. I really don’t know what the relative allocations are, but it’s been a long time that you’ve had a market where it’s positive for stock pickers and active equity. And yes, my personal view, once you get relative outperformance, you’ll start to see money go back to active equities and various elements of it. And that would probably not be a popular view. And history suggest that that’s not been the case. But that’s how I think about it.
Marty Flanagan: Look, I don’t have a specific performance in front of me, so hard to answer the question. What I will say it’s a strong -- a very, very strong team. The core capability is, it’s just a fundamental strength to the organization and the client relationship has been very, very strong over an exceeding long period of time. So again, I’m sorry, I don’t have the specific performance that you’re asking about.
Marty Flanagan: Yes, excuse me. I get off mute. I do want to follow-up just on this conversation on expenses. So there’s some longer term investments that Allison was talking about, which we’ve talked about some, and then the obvious elements around discretionary. But as a management team, we are absolutely focused on what we call, driving scale within the organization against capabilities that are in client demand. And we’re deeply into that process and we’re constantly doing it. And from that, you get the opportunity to make a decision to invest in a capability for a client, let’s say, or have it dropped at the bottom line. So that’s another element that we have been working on very, very diligently. And it’ll make us a better company, but at the same time, at some point the markets recover, you’ll get further operating leverage with, from the organization. So, I think you should look at it as three different elements, and that’s nothing new. You’ve seen us do it, time and time again. And it’s a normal practice from us and again, it’ll just create better outcomes for sure, shareholders and clients.
Marty Flanagan: Okay. Well look thank you very much everybody appreciate the engagement, the questions and we’ll be chatting next quarter. So have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Glenn, I would maybe say if you think about the flow drivers in China, I mean it’s maybe with these new product launches, maybe somewhere half to two-thirds in any given quarter might come from these new product launches. It’s not all of it, but it is as Marty said, it is a -- it’s really the way the market works there right now. It’s certainly a less mature market. And for now that is a large driver of flows. I don’t want to leave anyone with the impression that’s 100% of the flow drivers each quarter. But it’s an important part of functioning in that market and is an important driver of market share growth overall. To your point, it’s nice to see flows coming from beyond China and across the region. But it’s an interesting time in China right now.
Allison Dukes: Sure. There are many puts and takes. I think as we think about the revenue side of it, you’re right, markets have been a little bit better only a few weeks into January. That’s certainly a positive. But I do think it’s really important to underscore the mix shift that we saw in our portfolio overall in the fourth quarter. We pointed to the $6 billion of outflows in two particular active equity strategies, developing markets as well as global and international funds. Those are -- that has an impact overall in the jumping off point as we think about the revenue dynamics. At the same time, a lot of encouraging signs as we’ve pointed to, as we see real strength in inflows, in our ETF capabilities and fixed income in particular. But as you certainly understand that comes at a different revenue level than what we’ve experienced as we see some of the remixing of the portfolio. So while market could be a positive this quarter, there’s also a bit of a headwind in the jumping off point in terms of remixing relative to prior quarters. As we think about expenses, overall I noted in comp expense, you should expect a usual seasonality of $20 million to $25 million in the first quarter. That would be offset by what we would -- would not expect any recurrence and performance fees like we saw in the fourth quarter just given the seasonality there. And of course the market will be what the market will be, we’ll adjust for that. So hopefully that gives a little bit of color as you think about some of the puts and takes. Overall it’s a difficult environment to navigate because you see a lot of forces moving at the same time and we’re trying to get our arms around that as well.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Let me do my best to try to walk through a few of these. On property office and technology, a couple of points on some of, what we’re experiencing really specific to our Atlanta headquarters. As a reminder, we’re carrying the cost of two headquarters right now. That will persist for a few more quarters. That’s somewhere between $2 million to $3 million of incremental expense. We had a $2 million non-recurring charge in the fourth quarter related to decommissioning the existing, or I’ll say outgoing headquarters we are in. We also pointed to some uncertainty, because we had a pipe burst in our new building on Christmas Eve and that happened around Atlanta and that will cause some delay in moving. And so there is a little bit of uncertainty right now as we try to work through what all of this means. That combined with G&A, in G&A, we pointed to a lot of FX revaluations and higher VAT taxes in the fourth quarter obviously FX has been a pretty meaningful driver in some of the significant movements we saw over the last few quarters there. I would say, overall as we think about property office and technology, and G&A, I will just continue to underscore a lot of these key foundational projects that we are working on and they really spam those two categories in terms of both technology and professional services. We have been -- we are working on installing in a new HR environment. We are wrapping up moving all of our financial systems to the cloud, and we are in the early stages of Alpha NextGen. And so as these projects are rolling off and rolling on there is quite a bit of investment and focus right now and really creating scale for the future. Overall, as I think about G&A for the year and the fact that we do expect to be back in a full travel mode this year, and we do expect the reopening of China to allow us to get back to a really important region that we have not been able to get to for the last three years. I expect G&A this year on an average basis is somewhat consistent with G&A last year on an average basis, when you think about some of the efficiencies and our -- discretionary expense management we’re trying to manage, but at the same time, the reopening of travel as well as some of these foundational investments we are making.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I’ll start, Marty, chime in. I mean, I would say a couple of things as we look at alternatives, again, a lot of what we saw in terms of outflows would be the liquid alternatives. So commodity ETFs in particular, currency ETFs. So, I think from that perspective that would be -- those would be lower fee alternatives that were flowing out. Boiling that down to private markets that also was an outflows at about $1.6 billion, but that was largely driven by global bank loans, direct real estate, we were an outflows to the tune of about $200 million there. So that’s really, again, realizations net of acquisitions there, negative $200 million. Continue to gather commitments and have a fair amount of dry powder and direct real estate about $7.5 billion coming into the year overall on that side. On a private credit perspective, I think it’s been a -- it’s an interesting environment. It was an interesting year for private credit overall, just the floating rate nature of loans and some of the attractive fundamentals there have helped mitigate losses, but certainly as recession fears kind of persist and trying to navigate what that may or may not look like, that certainly impacts credit appetite overall. And so we continue to navigate that. I think we, coming into this year, we’re bullish on all of our private market asset classes. We feel like we’re really well positioned. We feel very good about the funds that we have launched and will be launching and that they’re going to be well positioned for where we expect to see client demand this year. But certainly your perspective on higher yields and what the attractive entry point is going to really dictate how our flows come together as we make it quarter-to-quarter through thus. So, overall I think we’ll continue to see good strong demand there. But the liquid alt and some of the movements and currencies and commodities have put overall downward pressure on the flows there.
Allison Dukes: Yes, Brennan, I might point to just the improvement we saw from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Look, it’s a dangerous game to predict flows, and we’re certainly not going to try to enter that game, but as we look at the drivers coming out of the quarter and just some of the overall market sentiment right now, we saw the decay rate. Yes, the decay rate in third quarter was 2.9%. That improved to a negative 1% in the fourth quarter and some really positive drivers there that again, this is a dangerous game, but we would expect those to continue to hold up through the first quarter. So the ETF platform in particular and our strategies there 7% organic growth in the fourth quarter. Despite some of the tax loss harvesting and the bullet shares maturity, again, a lot of strength coming into the year there. Fixed income for the reasons we’ve just discussed have has performed well and certainly hinges quite a bit on the rate environment. But we feel like the fundamentals are strong there. We’re well positioned. The institutional channel does seem to be coming back underscoring Marty’s point that perhaps we’re closer to the end than is the beginning. And so, as we saw a lot of institutions sit on the sideline, and remix depend -- waiting on some conviction that, that could improve here at this quarter. Active equities very difficult quarter for us in the fourth quarter. I think a lot depends on just some of the earlier conversation around developing markets and as people find the right time to come back into that asset class and that exposure just diminishment and that headwind will help us quite a bit. And then the wildcard at the moment is China. What’s happening there is really unique. And as they’ve changed their COVID strategy and done a 180, it’s having a real impact, but we also expect that to be relatively short term and the fundamentals are really still strong there. So, I think, we feel maybe a little bit better than we did a quarter ago. But that sure is a hard place to be at the moment because it’s been a wild ride of a year. And we’ll see where things go over the next month or two.
Allison Dukes: No, I mean, I think, whenever it is that inflation at least -- well, inflation declines and you start to see some pausing with the Fed and rate movements, I think we expect total returns to be strong overall. We would expect that to be sometime in 2023. I think Marty hit on the areas of real strength. Munis, certainly, we see that as our customers continue to focus on taxes as being an area that we expect to hear even more bullish sentiment over the course of this year. Our global liquidity is held up very nicely and we expect demand to continue there. Fixed income SMAs that’s been a very strong area for us that continues to be a wrapper that’s in real demand. Stable value has been a leading capability for us for a very long time. So, I think, it really does depend on your perspective on rates and credit of course. But we do expect there to be an inflection point and continued demand across a lot of our capabilities this year. I think overall net flows are still favoring ETFs over some of our active strategies, but we feel well positioned in both.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Well, I’ll take a stab at it. I would say in terms of product launches, overall, hard to say exactly, but I’ll tell you the demand there does favor balanced and fixed income products over equities. So it would probably skew a little bit more to the balance side than fixed income than equity. But that’s not a perfect science, as I think about just the mix overall in China. I would say it’s skews probably 50% or so balanced and fixed income maybe as much as 60%. Balanced is a very popular asset class there. So equity is probably a little bit smaller in the overall mix there relative to what you might expect to see and a portfolio in the United States.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I mean, I would say the factors that impacted the net revenue yield and the just the overall base fee rate in the fourth quarter, we would expect a lot of those to continue into the first quarter primarily as we continue to benefit from the demand for our ETF and our passive strategy. So while that is a significant positive, and we are capturing demand where demand is right now that does put downward pressure on our average fee rate. And we would expect a lot of those trends to continue into the first quarter at developing markets in particular in global equities. And what happens there in terms of redemptions and demand overall, that will remain a headwind. If nothing else, just given the exit rate of those particular asset classes in December as we come into this year, that does put downward pressure overall because of the outflows that we experienced in the last probably three quarters there. And overall though, I’ll just say, as I do every quarter, we’re not focused on managing to a net revenue yield or an average fee rate. We’re focused on managing the operating income and operating margin of the company overall. And so while we see that downward pressure given the mix shift in our portfolio, and that mix shift really did accelerate in 2022. We are really focused on how do we continue to operate the business to create scale and to get to scale and these passive capabilities. We’ve taken market share, we’ve gained quite a bit in terms of our organic growth over the last few years, but we’re not at scale in those capabilities and getting to scale and continuing to remix our expenses and reallocate against these higher growth capabilities is our primary focus. And that’s what’s ultimately going to give us the opportunity to improve operating margin.
Allison Dukes: Hi, Patrick, I’ll take that. Look, we are -- we’ve had no conversations with S&P that would indicate we have a risk there. I think the important point is all the work we have done in continuing to manage our debt balances lower. So, while EBITDA has declined, given the market impact, one would expect that to be more temporary in nature. Given we do expect there will be an inflection, excuse me, in the market at some point. And at the same time we’ve managed not only the debt on the balance sheet to the absolute lowest level in 10 years, but managed a number of contingent liabilities that would’ve been present when they made that statement two to three years ago. Those have all been taken care of as well. So in terms of the overall liabilities, we’re in a significantly better place than we were when they made that statement a few years ago. We did receive an upgrade last year from Fitch. We do feel like we are overall in a good position as far as our credit ratings are concerned.
Allison Dukes: So in terms of transformational projects, lowering expenses in the next couple of years, I would say they will not contribute to lowering expenses in the next couple of years. As we’ve noted before, the Alpha NextGen is really our most significant investment that we will be making. We will be in the next couple of years deep into the investment period of that, and then we’ll be running parallel for some period of time before we can start to streamline and decommission apps on the other side. So, we are several years away from seeing the benefit of that investment. Again, it’s the right near-term and long-term move for us as a company overall as we think about building to the scale we want to be at in the next five years, seven years, 10 years. But it’s an investment and it will take some time before we see the payback on that investment. In terms of the bookends of expenses, look the biggest driver of that’s going to be comp and the biggest driver of that’s going to be market related. And so as you think about the variability and our expenses and what could move, the most beyond our expectations and beyond some of the guidance I already gave it would be compensation related. The good news in that is that comes with revenue. And I think that right now as we think about what expense flex we have on the year? I want to make sure it’s clear, we are managing discretionary expenses at every level and really focused on the must haves only, and all the nice to haves are things we are foregoing. But there are a lot of must haves in this business that we think really position us well to capture demand over the next several years. And we want to stay the course on that even in some of these challenging market conditions. And we’re reallocating the discretionary expenses to some of these foundational investments that we think will serve us well and create the operating leverage for the future.
Allison Dukes: So the $1.2 billion, about $640 million is held for regulatory purposes, so it’s a little bit higher than the last quarter, and that’s really FX related. So you could consider the amount above that $640 million roughly discretionary. As I think about buybacks, I’ll just underscore our capital priorities. The first is supporting our future growth, and we’ve got a lot of investments we want to make in ourselves, and we think that’s going to serve shareholders the best over the long run. We want to focus on maintaining that strong balance sheet and continue to focus on the leverage levels that we have and managing those down. And we also continue to focus on returning capital shareholders, but that we’re going to do first through dividends and steady dividend increases, and it’s really excess cash that we’ll think about for buybacks.
Allison Dukes: I would say in terms of how much is tied to the U.S., probably around two-thirds is probably roughly, I’d have to -- we can follow up with you on specifics there, but I’d say roughly. We’ve been managing our exposure to office and retail quite a bit over the last couple of years, three years probably in particular. And really favoring asset classes like cold storage and industrial and medical office buildings and, some of the asset classes you would expect us to be in. So the story around retail has been known for quite a long time, probably five years or six years. Office has obviously been quite challenged since the advent of COVID and we’ve been managing those exposure. So those are not a real concern overall. And as I think about really where our acquisitions have been focused over the last two or three years, they’ve been in these areas of real high demand. Multifamily would be another example of an asset class we’ve been favoring.
Allison Dukes: So on the performance fees this quarter real estate was the majority of the performance fees. If I think about prior years, you would’ve seen more coming from IGW China overall than what we saw this year. So the two biggest drivers in any given year would be China and real estate, but in 2022 it was definitely coming more from real estate. In terms of other revenue, I would say it’s a -- I’d have to come back to you on what portion of it is. I will say the increase in other revenue in the fourth quarter was driven largely by higher real estate transaction fees.
