Allison Dukes: That is correct, Glenn. We continue to see within both of those capability categories, just continued mix across the product spectrum there, no real fee adjustments.
Allison Dukes: Good question. Good morning, Brennan. I would say maybe somewhat, but the way I would think about it and just keep in mind, last quarter, we had a real anomaly as it related to the proxy costs that you saw coming through both service and distribution fee revenue and then offset on the third-party side. And so I feel like you almost have to throw out last quarter a little bit. But as you look at the relationship across a series of quarters, I think it's important to focus on the relationship between service and distribution fees and third-party distribution contra revenue because there's such a pass-through between those two elements. And then looking at that as a percentage of management fees, it runs relatively consistent in that 13% to 14% range, which I think we're finding to be a better relationship than just third-party as a percentage of management fees. But I do think there is some element of that mix shift in there to focus on as you think about that relationship going forward.
Allison Dukes: I don't think I would think of it as a tailwind so much as those types of expenses are going to vary quarter-to-quarter as you have everything from legal, consulting, outsource costs, implementation costs of various projects we've been trying to provide transparency into the alpha implementation, but that is, of course, not the only thing we're ever working on as we think about just our overall platform and system. So I wouldn't think of it as a tailwind, but you should expect a little bit of variability in that line item quarter-to-quarter. Travels in there, entertainment, client entertainment, all of it.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I'd say our comments there are really consistent with our past comments. It's not one or the other, but we remain -- we want to be well positioned so that we can be opportunistic for both. And given some of the balance sheet challenges of prior years, it's been hard to be opportunistic. Now we're in a position where we want to really stay focused on returning capital to shareholders and remaining open to where we may have the opportunity to fill in some capabilities consistent with past conversations around that. So getting the balance sheet back to a good, healthy place gives us the opportunity to return more capital to shareholders consistent with earnings improvement, and we're going to stay focused on earnings improvement. We're going to look for opportunities to reinvest in ourselves to drive that organic growth. I think we've demonstrated, we certainly have the ability to do that with the breadth of our organic growth over the last five years. But we remain open-minded and thoughtful as we see any opportunities to fill in gaps that exist on the platform today. You want to build cash and return capital to shareholders both end.
Allison Dukes: How is the organic revenue growth trending relative to the 6%? I just want to make sure I'm understanding your question.
Allison Dukes: I see. So what I would try to do, I'd point you back to the disclosures on Slide 8 where we've tried to really narrow and give you more and more detail and as much precision as we can to help guide exactly that. We narrowed the net revenue yield ranges that you'll see there. And in the commentary on the far right, tried to give you even further direction around where we're trending in that. So there's a fair amount of precision relative to AUM. I think in any given quarter, obviously, our focus is to drive that organic revenue growth. And that's what we've been highly focused on. It has been -- how it's been challenging in recent years, given the pressure on fundamental equities and the trade on the ETF side, as you note. I would say it's trending better, it trends almost neutral at this point in a lot of different ways. But I think you can start to track it, and you should be able to start to track it much more closely with these new disclosures.
Allison Dukes: So I think the best way to answer that question as it relates to implementation is just project timing overall. And we will continue to be in implementation mode through '25 and really through '26. We expect to transition our AUM onto the Alpha platform in a series of waves and those ways are going to begin in the fourth quarter of this year, and then they'll run through 2025. So that implementation is really we're in this testing phase. We're in the learning phase. We're really working through planning for these various ways. And I think implementation will run through at least '25, and then we will be working on decommissioning testing and running parallel through '26 on the other side of that.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I think I focused less on the intra-quarter monthly and maybe more a little bit on the exit rate probably to get at your question because within the month, within the weeks, within the days, it could vary so much as markets fluctuate so much. And I think, hopefully, also you've seen in the additional disclosures in the back, just further detail around the various market indices that really impact us. Given our global footprint, we have such a diversified set of exposures that you can't really manage which market is moving in what direction on any given day. So I would point to the exit rate, which the exit rate for the second quarter was around 25.2 basis points. So a touch lower than the average net revenue yield for the quarter. Of course, even in the first few weeks of July, we continue to see puts and takes in all of that. So it's very difficult to predict exactly where it would end up. I continue to come back to, we're focused on driving revenue. We're focused on driving organic revenue. And net revenue yield is simply a function. It's math of where the flows are coming from. The organic flow rate of 6% is something we're quite proud of, and I think a testament to the breadth of our platform and how aligned it is with client demand.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I think I'd just underscore that by saying that the flows and the performance of the JV are entirely dependent on the performance of the Chinese domestic economy. So to the extent the trade war is challenging for the domestic economy there that would put pressure on overall AUM through those both flows and market performance there. But that, likewise, probably would put some pressure on our investments in the United States as well. So think about it less as a political football and more highly dependent on the strength of the Chinese economy.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I think I'd go back to our guidance for the year, which was we've said all things being equal back on December 31 with AUM at December 31, but overall expenses would be in the $3 billion range. Obviously, we've done quite a bit better in terms of AUM since that guidance, and you can see that impact overall on comp expense, in particular, given the Alpha guidance of around $10 million plus or minus in terms of implementation costs each quarter, all else being relatively consistent and equal and not a lot of puts and takes other than back to Brennan's question, I mean, things are a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter, and I just can't predict the lumpiness. I'd come back to comp to revenue. And I know I'm answering more than just G&A, but we manage expenses in totality. Comp to revenue is trending above 42% for the year. I think it will be closer to 43% for the year. And the rest, I would say, relatively consistent, absent some lumpiness, but I can't predict quarter-to-quarter. So not entirely precise, but about as precise as I can get, and I wish I knew with real precision as well, but I think that gives you a reasonable expectation for the year.
Allison Dukes: Yes. I would just -- I mean they continue to be great partners investing across a variety of capabilities from our real estate to our CLO capabilities, in particular and just strong partners as we evaluate future product launches. And as Andrew noted, they've really amplified our ability to leverage our own balance sheet to get products to market faster.
Allison Dukes: Sure. I said the institutional pipeline is pretty consistent with last quarter. It stays around this kind of $14 billion, $15 billion range. I think what we continue to find is the pipeline is an okay but not excellent measure of what we can expect, just given the breadth of our flows that come in outside of the pipeline. So you saw the strength in flows over the last quarter or so and the pipeline has been relatively consistent over the last few quarters seems to be about 30% of our flows that come from the pipeline. Fee rate continues to be on the high side there as well. As we've said for a long time, it ranges in the 25 to 35 basis point range, and we continue to see it really on the relatively high side. So I think no real change, one way or the other. It continues also to be well diversified across regions, and we see, I think really the strength of our institutional flows coming from a variety of regions as well.
Allison Dukes: Current sales really picked up in the quarter relative to the prior five quarters. Redemptions are a little bit better, but it's really the strength is really driven by these gross sales.
Allison Dukes: I would just add to that. I mean we're focused on outperforming the industry as best we can there. Industry expectations given the secular challenges and the shifts we continue to see from active to passive and the industry expectations are not for strong inflows when it comes to fundamental equity. That said, we're looking to outperform in every aspect. And so as Andrew noted, we're highly focused on investment performance and where we can narrow those outflows and turn it into something neutral. And of course, we would ideally love to be in inflows but we're going to focus on taking every inch we can there and really the building blocks to return that to a more stable position. In the meantime, I think we've been able to demonstrate the incredible strength across every other capability that we have, and that's really what's delivering that profitable growth and we're optimistic. I mean our expectation is we can continue to create the operating margin improvement from here, and we remain focused on every element of that.
Andrew Schlossberg: And then on Asia and China, in particular, yes, we're seeing very, very strong demand. Right now, it's been principally in the fixed income and fixed income plus, which is essentially balanced. A little less on the equity side. but the flows have been quite strong, and we think some of the developments in China on the economic side and some of the market reform are pretending well for client activity in China.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. Thanks, Bill. It's Andrew. I'll start. The most recent has been in real estate debt. And so that real estate credit fund was launched about a year ago. It's been added to two major wealth management platforms over that period of time, which is quite fast along with the several dozen of other related platforms for RIAs and the like. So between the real estate equity and the real estate debt funds, those are the two principal things we're focused on. We also have some alternative credit strategies in the market. But the progress on real estate debt and the demand from clients, not just here in the U.S. and in the wealth channels, but around the world has been quite strong.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, I would only add that some of the headwinds that we've been facing over the last couple of years, a couple of them are starting to abate a bit. In particular, the flows out in Asia and in particular, China and flows into alternative credit like bank loan are net positive towards what you were asking and Allison was describing.
Andrew Schlossberg: I think what we've all seen in the markets over the last very short period of time in the last week or two, some broadening out, which I think is something we've all been looking forward to for a long time. And one of the reasons why we continue to try to outline the diversity of our range of assets and investment capabilities, and if that prolongs, that should be a net positive for us.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. Thanks for the question. And yes, the growth has broaden down. I think we have something like 10 ETFs just in the U.S. that have had more than a $1 billion of inflows in the past six months year-to-date. So the business is starting to broaden out. Some of the key growth strategies that we have, obviously, as the market starts to adopt active ETFs, especially here in the U.S. market. That's a key area of focus. We were one of the early movers in active ETFs. We have a little over $10 billion in that space, but more importantly, we have around $30 billion of assets that are affiliated with our investment teams playing some role in that investment strategy. And we think that's going to continue to grow as the vehicle remains popular, but more than passive gets put into those vehicles either through fundamental or quantitative techniques or both. The other element of growth for us is beyond the United States. And we talked a little bit about our expansion and our growth in Europe, which is now over $100 billion in AUM. And you can see the demand starting to grow throughout Asia, China, Japan, in particular. So geographically, we feel like there's earlier days in some of those markets outside of the U.S. And then our lineup, which has been historically heavy on equities, one of the areas of greatest growth has been in the fixed income space. And we continue to think that passive fixed income alongside fundamental is going to be a pretty significant area of growth going forward. And then as alternative strategies, in particular commodities continue to, or find favor back in the market and things like alternative credit and bank loans continue to grow in demand. We're very well placed in those spaces. So the growth has been good. I think the growth can continue to be as strong and just more diverse as we go ahead.
Andrew Schlossberg: The last thing I'll just say on net flows, but on profitability, the ETF business continues to scale well and the profit margin expansion from that business and its contribution continues to go from strength-to-strength. So we have a very scaled platform that does deliver accretive profitability.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. I think that a couple of the areas that I called out and I'd emphasize further, and thanks for the question, picking up on what I just said about ETFs, the ETF vehicle and the SMA vehicle as we're growing in size, they scale well. And so our focus on profitability there is continuing to utilize technology more, continuing to drive the expense base or at least hold the expense base flat as we continue to grow and see flows and revenues generated from those vehicle choices. And then in fixed income, and in multi-asset. About a year ago, we brought together multiple investment teams in those two respective areas. And we believe as those capabilities continue to be in demand from clients, similar to the vehicles that I just described, they scale well. And we feel like we have a pretty complete product range and a pretty complete set of investment capabilities that we can just hopefully layer on assets and revenues to expand profitability. So that's what we mean by that specific area.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. I mean it continues to be a really strong relationship that we value tremendously. As we've mentioned in the past, and it continues to be a significant focus for both us and them is growing out the private market set of capabilities. And currently, through their general account and otherwise, they have 3x to 4x the amount of capital invested in our strategies that we hold on our balance sheet. And that's been a really important part of the seating and co-investing of some of the strategies that I talked about before that are starting to grow the wealth management platforms, in particular in real assets. In terms of -- we continue to progress and grow through the traditional insurance channels and offer our products and capabilities, we're one of the leading providers on MassMutual's platform, and that just continues to be an ongoing focus of ours. And that's across the complete set of investment capabilities, but in particular, things like our model portfolios and ETFs where we see there's growing demand and significant opportunity for Invesco.
Andrew Schlossberg: Ken, the only thing I'd add is, as we've said on previous calls, I think things have slowed down by about -- this is for the industry, by about a quarter or two on fundings. I think some of the progress we're seeing is that maybe that pace is picking up a little bit. The strengths, in particular, on public and private credit. And as Allison said, it's really cross-regional, but I'd say Asia and Europe, in particular, seem to have picked up at a greater pace.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, it's a great question, thanks for that. Let me start. Our profile is, as I mentioned, is -- we've been there for a long time. It's about 30 years old. We have around $60 billion of assets managed for Japanese investors. It's a mix of insurance, institutional and retail wealth platforms, the greatest area of growth in the last little while has been in retail where we've actually -- we were talking before about this global equity income strategy. So it's been a good long-term business for us that's really accelerated in the last year or so. With, and for some of the reasons that you described, we remain really optimistic about the reforms and changes that are happening there, not just NISA, but the overall markets, inflation starting to come into play, more excitement that we've seen up close and personnel from investors getting re-educated and re-interested into the equity markets. ETF is going to be an area of increased demand. And we're starting to further build out our position there in ETFs. But it's traditionally been a fixed income market for us and an equity market as well. Private markets are also starting to pick up. So it's really across the piece. And we have a really, really developed position and brand and reputation there.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. Let me start with the back end of the question, and then I'll go to the front. Yes, we definitely see demand picking up in the active ETF space. Right now, it's been largely into active fixed income and we launched some new strategies that were options-oriented strategies on equities, but that's driving off of more passive benchmarks. I think in time, fundamental active strategies, or some combination of fundamental and quantitative active strategies are going to find their way into the active ETF space. And we're very much in the development stage of that right now. And so I think that's something to watch over the next couple of years. In the more short run on improving our net flow rate, it is going to get driven in the first instance by improved investment performance and we are starting to see that, in particular, in the domestic equity categories, U.S. as well as other developed markets around the world. But it's also going to need to come with some more demand from clients. And that we really haven't fully seen yet redeveloped in the U.S. wealth market. Every day, we're focused on it. Our sales team is working closely with our product design teams and our investment teams both on the retention side where there's performance improvement that we need to be in front of clients with, but also growing the gross sales rate in the marketplace. So I think, look, I think the performance is improving and that's a significant step in the right direction that we expect going forward.
Andrew Schlossberg: And as I said before, I think the broadening out of the markets, potentially into value markets, small mid-cap non-U.S. I mean we have very strong investment performance in those areas. So with some pockets of demand returning, we're cautiously optimistic.
Andrew Schlossberg: Okay. So in closing, I really want to mention that, hopefully, it came through that we're well positioned to help clients navigate the impact of evolving market dynamics and subsequent changes that are happening in their portfolios. As market sentiment improves, this should really translate to even greater scale, performance and improve profitability. And given the work we've done to strengthen our ability to anticipate, understand and meet the evolving client needs, I could say I'm very excited for the future of Invesco. I want to thank everybody for joining the call today, and please continue to reach out to our Investor Relations team for any additional questions. We appreciate your interest in Invesco and look forward to speaking with everybody again soon.
