Allison Dukes: Good morning Glenn. What I would say about our money market portfolio is about 85% of our portfolio is positioned with an institutional client base. So, think about that is being managed by corporate treasurers and those funds are going to stay and save for assets. So, I think what we saw in this quarter was a repositioning in the treasuries just given the opportunity that those presented and just the yield that the treasurers are seeking. That will also, in many respects, prevent those funds from being deployed into more risk on strategies like equity. So, the composition of our money market client base, I think, is important as you think about it being 85% institutionally owned.
Allison Dukes: No, your assumption is correct and that you've got a relatively fixed cost base underpinning that fixed income portfolio. So, you should think about flows into fixed income as being accretive to the overall firm operating margin. So -- and I think that's look, that's a lot of what we want to draw out in providing some of this additional color is where we are seeking to grow through scale and where that will be accretive to margins, overall fixed income is certainly an area where that is true.
Allison Dukes: Good morning Craig, I'll start. I think the most important component of the flows in IGW was really that it was driven by fixed income. And I think we're just seeing with the interest rate tightening that's happening inside of China, a diminished appetite for fixed income overall. We actually saw inflows in equities over the quarter. So, we do think it's hard to gauge exactly the timing as to when economic sentiment will recover there. I think we're confident the government is doing quite a bit to try to stimulate some stabilization there and improvement in the sentiment overall. Hard to say exactly which quarter that will be and when things will snap back, we do -- we are very confident -- very well-positioned when that does occur.
Allison Dukes: Sure, good morning Dan. So, on the expenses, let me clarify that, we expect that, that $50 million will be fully realized by the first half of 2024. And so that -- I expect we will actually start to see some of those savings materialize here in the fourth quarter. I'm expecting somewhere around like $10 million improvement in compensation expense in the fourth quarter. So, that run rate is out to almost probably $40 million. So, I actually think we'll start to see the majority of those savings materialize in the fourth quarter and then continue into next year. That, of course, is all things being equal and dependent of AUM and where markets go in variable compensation. A part of the increase in the severance and reorganizational expenses in the third quarter is because we did pull forward some of those savings, so we would start to realize the benefits of them in the fourth quarter. And so again, I know there were some expectations because we provided an expectation that severance is expended to be closer to $20 million in the third quarter. It was $39 million as we seek to pull forward some of those savings. Where do we expect to see them? Honestly, it's quite broad-based as we are looking at just making thoughtful streamlining decisions across our entire organization. It's everywhere from areas of operations to streamlining some of our investment teams. As Andrew noted in his remarks, to just pocket the simplification where we can globalize some of our teams and seek to do things one way across the globe instead of multiple ways. I couldn't point to any one particular area. I will tell you the majority of the savings you will see are in compensation expense, and that is, of course, excluding any first quarter seasonality that you see in payroll and taxes and the like.
Allison Dukes: Sure. The institutional pipeline, the one not funded pipeline, so the same as we typically provide some color to, it was about $20 billion in the third quarter so a little bit lower than the prior quarter, although the fee rate was a little bit better, the composition pretty consistent. So, it still looks pretty good. I would say, if I look at our inflows, excluding the GTR, very sizable redemption that we pointed to. If I look at our gross inflows in the quarter, it was about $17.5 billion in gross inflows from the institutional channel and that was about 43% of that was from our pipeline. So, our pipeline continues to be healthy, strong. It does not really reflect the full breadth of the activity in the institutional channel. But it's certainly a good health measure and it's kind of consistent in that $20 billion to $30 billion range.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Good morning. What shrunk would have been equity. Alternatives actually held pretty consistent to the prior quarter. And I think we mentioned we've got about $6 billion in dry powder and that's been pretty consistent. So, it's actually been one of the challenges is it's been difficult to deploy just because the transaction activity, particularly in private real estate is relatively low, just given some of the financing dynamics that are going on. But what we saw was a little bit of diminishment in the pipeline for equities overall.
Allison Dukes: The bulk of the $6 billion would be more real estate-oriented than it would be private credit. We've got several things that are -- we are working on, I would say, in terms of what we're trying to bring to market in both the real estate space and the private credit space as we look to capture some of the opportunities there out there right now, particularly from an opportunistic standpoint and a stress standpoint.
Allison Dukes: I'll take that. Good morning Brennan. The net distribution line, it tends to -- in that third-party line, it runs about 41% to 42% of management fees on an annual basis. I think last year it was about 41.5%. Year-to-date, it's about 42%. Third quarter was a touch lower, though. So, I mean, there's just some noise and it fluctuates quarter-to-quarter. But I would say in line, it's pretty in line with history right now.
Allison Dukes: I would. Absolutely. I would think about it in that 41% to 42% range and this quarter kind of brings up 42%, starts to bring it down a bit. I would look at it in the range. That's how we think about it. It's hard to manage to it quarter-to-quarter.
Allison Dukes: Yes. Thanks Brennan. Okay. First, I'm going to point you to Page 9 because Greg did do the extra work, and we've got some of the fee rates disclosed from an AUM standpoint there to try to provide exactly that and give a little bit more color. And then on GTR, no, that fee rate, that capability was priced significantly above the firm average. And so that has been, as you think about some of the challenges and the remixing and some of what we are trying to draw out on Slide 9. GTR would have been one of the challenges we've been experiencing along with the pressure from developing markets and global equities. Those would have all had fee rates quite north of the firm average, consistent with what you would see in that fundamental equities fee rate range on Slide 9.
Allison Dukes: Not exactly. And I think that's part of the challenge, and we hear you on that one, and I know that is a desire you have expressed, and we will continue to work through our data in a way that we can make it as digestible as possible. Although I do think this gives you quite a bit of color as to what's been going on over the last four years and a lot of the challenge in the results that we've experienced being increasingly captured.
Allison Dukes: Good morning. I'll take that one. I'd say, honestly, the Basel III capital requirements have little to no impact on us at all. There's very little that we do that has have any relationship to the areas that are impacted by Basel III. So, I would say, in terms of where might we have some opportunities, we could take advantage of. Certainly, we're all seeing the opportunity to continue to think about capturing some private credit share as we continue to see that be a challenge for the banking system and a lot of that getting pushed out of the banking system. We've certainly already seen the impact of that over the last five years, and I expect that those trends will continue. I think it also creates opportunity on the real estate debt financing side, and I think consistent with Andrew's prior comments and where we see some opportunities in our positioning our capabilities there to take advantage of that as well.
Allison Dukes: That would be run rate improvement. So, that is independent of the $39 million of this quarter and the $15 million to $20 million that we anticipate in severance reorganizational costs in the fourth quarter, that would be true underlying run rate improvement. And we'll -- give you more transparency to that as we realize those savings.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I would say we do often see a little bit of seasonality in both marketing and G&A in the fourth quarter as there are just professional services fees and the like that's usually true up there in the fourth quarter. So, there might be a touch of seasonality marketing those two line items higher. We are thoughtfully and very aggressively managing our discretionary expenses though.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Good morning Alex. Our expenses this year a little bit noisy for two reasons. One, a lot of the executive retirement, the reorganization efforts and the severance associated with that and then the fact that we no longer have TIR after the first quarter. So, I will say when you back that out, it's actually quite consistent. They've been quite flat. And Alpha has been running in our expense base to the tune of $7 million or $8 million a quarter since the second quarter when it moved out of TIR and fully into our expenses. So, there's sort of that -- it's a fully loaded expense base and we are trying to call out where there are some one-timers associated with that. We will continue our simplification efforts well into next year. We aren't going to let up and continuing to find efficiencies. I don't know that they will be to the tune of the materiality we've seen in these last couple of quarters as we've sought to bring a lot of that forward. But we will continue with those efforts, and we'll call it out when it is material. As I think about next year and what could help us improve operating margin above that 30%-ish range, it absolutely becomes -- it's largely a revenue story, and we are very, very focused on revenue and just the impact, again, that we have experienced with the remixing of our asset base and the market depreciation that has impacted us quite significantly starting late last year, again, in developing markets and global equities, especially as Andrew noted earlier. I think independent of where revenue goes, we are highly focused on really managing that expense base next year. We will provide more guidance as we get into January. Alpha is a huge focus for us next year and Alpha is going to be fully loaded in our expense base. We'll be giving more color to that as the quarters unfold. But that will impact our ability to really drive our expense base down in 2024 because we'll be working on fully going live and running parallel on several systems at the same time. So, again, we'll create transparency, but all of this is with an eye towards simplifying and streamlining our end-to-end delivery so that we can create positive operating leverage coming out of 2024 and anticipating further growth in our AUM. I just want to underscore, I mean, a lot of the flows that we're seeing, we're very pleased with what we saw in the third quarter. We recognized it was quite a bit better than what the rest of the industry is seeing. And I think it really speaks to the diversification of our platform and how aligned it is with client demand. It's giving us the opportunity to make really thoughtful decisions as we continue to simplify our organization and really invest in the capabilities and the technology that's going to be necessary to create that positive operating leverage going forward.
Allison Dukes: Sure. So, in China, that we do expect with some of the changes that happened there and the impact to fee rates that it will have an impact of about $10 million on our revenue overall, given the AUM that's impacted there. The impact to operating income will be quite a bit less than that, just given there will be some comp expense takeout that's associated with that reduction in the fee rate. And that's a 100% so keep in mind how we reflect 100% and then back out the 51%, excuse me, that we don't own below the line. So, the one thing I would say to that is while that is an impact to revenue upfront, we actually think this portends very well for our business in China as regulation seeks to just further strengthen the capital markets there. We know as the 12th largest asset manager, we are well positioned to be a net winner, and we think we will benefit from some of these fee rate changes and the impact to some of the smaller players.
Allison Dukes: Sure. Thanks Patrick. A couple of things. I don't I would say we're changing our tone. I mean, I do expect you'll continue to see some modest downward pressure in our fee rate as we just continue to see some of this mix shift. We're not calling it into mix shift and we know we all are quite aware of the secular trends that are out there. The demand for passive and the weaker demand for active and we're certainly benefiting from one side of that trend. But increasingly, those -- the impact of that is captured in our results. And so if you look at our net revenue yield, ex performance fees and ex QQQ, it's $32.9 million basis points this quarter. So, it was actually four times basis points higher than last quarter. That's in some respects due to one additional day in the quarter. But I will say we have that seasonality occurs every year. And this is one of the first third quarters in a long time where you saw it be flat or positive. Typically, the pressure is downward. I still think we'll have some downward pressure, but it's going to start to moderate and $32.9 million is a lot closer to an average passive fee rate of 18-ish basis points than 40 was. And so at some point, you start to see where we get closer to that average and that remixing starts to have less of an impact on fee rate. I would also say, keep in mind, while we're focusing on fundamental equity and passive and the difference in that net revenue yield, important to look at APAC managed, again, largely China and Japan under there with a 40 to 50 basis point fee range and the growth we're seeing over -- through the cycle in those two areas, very accretive to the overall fee rate and also the growth that we expect to continue to see in private markets and multi-asset accretive. So, while the biggest drivers and the biggest change in terms of outflows and inflows have been passive and outflows in fundamental equity, there are other aspects of our portfolio that are very accretive. And our objective is to take that $1.5 trillion in average AUM that's been relatively flat over the last couple of years, given the market depreciation and grow that. And as we grow that and these pieces of the pie grow, you start to see the impact of the last couple of years really better realized in our average fee rate and you start to see some stabilization in the decline.
Allison Dukes: Yes, I would say going back to when I joined the firm a few years ago, we were saying the ETF business was neutral to the firm margin. It's been quite some time since it would have been dilutive. We are certainly in a position now where it is accretive to the firm's margin overall and we're very focused on continuing to grow that business because it is accretive to the firm's margin. And I think as you think about what could -- one of the two biggest things that could really improve margin for this firm overall, it is rapidly growing the size of that business, stemming the redemptions and fundamental equities and again, growing that pie overall from $1.5 trillion in AUM, so something quite a bit larger than that. Scale is what is going to add contribution from a margin perspective.
Andrew Schlossberg: And Glenn, we -- some of the things we talked about last quarter and this quarter, we further brought together elements -- disparate elements of our fixed income platform, and we wanted to call up a scale in that platform for just the reasons Allison described.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, hi, it's Andrew. Just maybe I'll pick up on the second part first. We think it will come in both active and passive. And as you said, the diverse range that we have in both, in some ways, we're a bit indifferent, but the conversations are happening on both sides of the equation. In terms of areas that are particularly of focus and things that we're having conversations about it, we're well positioned, the municipal portfolio, whether that's investment grade or high yield, the performance is stellar. The funds are highly rated, they're well known, and that's probably the first protocol we would point to. On the investment-grade side, European corporate bonds had been of interest and have been an area where we're positioned well. And then really just anything across as people move a little further on the curve, even elements of our short-term fixed income portfolio. So, it's pretty wide ranging, but I'd sort of point out those areas, in particular, especially because we're just well -- we're well placed there to take share.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes. And Ken, in particular, real estate debt for both institutions, but mostly in the wealth management channels is probably the area where we're seeing the greatest amount of demand and we're in market with strategies there. And then as Allison said, on the private credit side, just traditional direct lending, both in Europe and the US.
Andrew Schlossberg: I'd just add bank loans where we've been an innovator as well as different things on the liquidity side of the business. But I'd echo Allison's comment it's just not Basel has not been a focus of ours.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, it's a great question. Early days, of course, data and organizing our data and making it strategic asset is one of our priorities and how we apply artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence to it is high on the order. We're early days in experimenting with traditional applications that we think will and could lower costs and drive efficiency going forward. But also speed to market and friction that exists inside the client experience. So, things like marketing material and content legal and regulatory procedures and filings, onboarding of accounts, things like that, that are pretty operationally intensive at the moment. We haven't started to experiment yet, but how we'd apply that on the investment side. But on the sales side, we're applying it internally with finding ways to get ourselves to products and get ourselves to attributes that we can express to clients rapidly. So, we're going to continue to invest in the area, explore it and seek to make it a part of our efficiency going forward. But it's a little too early to quantify.
Andrew Schlossberg: Great. Thanks for the question. It's -- let me start with how we're seeking to improve fundamental equities, both from an investment standpoint and from a client standpoint. On the investment side, clearly, our investment leadership, we put new investment leadership in place. That leadership is focused on not just improving performance over time, but risk and tools and analytics and controls around it. Performance will be the biggest driver in addition to where market demand is and getting strong investment quality across the piece is a high priority. And you're seeing some of those investment performance returns sort of play through into the results. And I think that's what's mitigating some of the redemptions in particular, on the international emerging and global equity side of things. From a distribution standpoint, given our history in both the US and in the UK and Europe, where a lot of those assets are placed on retail platforms, we're very well placed. We have strong distribution in place. We have high education there as well. So, it's really about just being in front of clients more actively where when demand comes and when we have quality. The one thing I'd really want to point out as you kind of decompose that fundamental equities is really around the places in international, global, and emerging markets, which are the relatively high field and component parts. They are the component parts that are less susceptible to passive and there are places where we think we can differentiate on product, et cetera. And those are the areas where I was pointing out in my earlier comments as well, where we're seeing the most improvement in terms of net flows. In fact, for the quarter, those categories globally were just $1 billion of net outflows compared to many multiples of that in 2022. So, I think that's our first port of call in terms of where we could see growth in time. And then I think it's a little more challenging on the domestic equity side, but the same comments I made would apply. Allison, I don't know if you want to add anything there. On the shift from mutual funds to ETFs, we're well placed in the ETF platform. We've brought active strategies to market over many years. We're going to continue to look for ways to take active strategies from the mutual fund vehicle to other vehicles in time and not just ETFs, I'd say SMAs are going to be another place, custom SMAs, both on the fundamental and index side, but on the fundamental side, in particular. So, we're going to look for ways to bring that forward. I think the development of active ETFs is going to take some time. But as it develops, we'll definitely be a frontrunner there.
Andrew Schlossberg: Also, we're going to continue to have the expense discipline that Allison has been talking about in addition to these streamlining efforts playing through over time and helping us grow our revenue base but also be much more efficient with our expenses and be able to reallocate additionally to these growth areas in time as well. So, you should expect to see both of those sides of the expense equation in the coming quarter.
Andrew Schlossberg: Yes, Patrick, I'd just add to what Allison said, the APAC multi-asset private markets that you see on Page 9, volume would increase that in time. relative to where we are. And then on the fundamental equity side, we've -- we sort of underperformed on our market share capture and our redemptions. And so as you see redemptions start to mitigate and get into positive flows eventually, that's going to be through market share gains. And so I think on both sides of that and I think Allison covered it well.
Andrew Schlossberg: Okay. All right. Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining the call today and we continue to believe that we have great opportunities at Invesco as we discuss today and that we have momentum from which to build. We're very well-positioned as investors gain better visibility on rates and market direction and put their money back to work. Hopefully, you've seen that we have the breadth of products, scale, performance, and competitive strength to meet the spectrum of client needs and we are simplifying and streamlining the organization to better position for greater scale, performance and improve profitability. So, thank you for your interest in Invesco and we look forward to speaking again soon and next quarter.
