David Ossip: Thank you, Arthur. There are 5 areas that I would like to go into a little bit more depth in terms of the acceleration of Dayforce in Q1, which I believe provide a lot of color into where the business is and where we are going. First the Dayforce growth rate accelerated from 27.4% to 28.6% between Q4 and Q1, and if you look at our fiscal year guidance you can imply that by the end of the year, we expect to be close to 30% year-over-year growth on Dayforce. The second item is, if you look at the Dayforce customers that we've added over the last 12 months, in 2018 in Q1 we added 674 customers in the prior 12 months and that increased to the current Q1 of 697. At the same time that we were adding more customers, we saw the revenue per customer increase as well. In Q1 of 2018, the average customer was approximately $113,000 and that increased to $121,000 in Q1 of 2019, an increase of 7%. Similarly if we look at the incremental revenue per customer, in Q1 of 2018, it was $155,000 and that increased to $158,000 in Q1 of 2019. And at the same time that we've obviously been increasing the number of customers, the revenue per customer and the acceleration of the Dayforce revenue growth rate, we've also have seen an improvement in the Cloud margin. The Cloud -- the gross profit margin on recurring increased from 68.5% to 70.5% year-over-year, and we also saw professional services increase from negative 17.6% to negative 14.6% during the same time. In summary, we obviously are quite happy with the results on the Dayforce side, and we're very confident on the future for the business. Operator, I'd like you to open it up for questions. 
David Ossip: Thanks, Alex. Nice to speak with you. So the first question I think is answered by the fact that we've seen a very, very strong bookings. We saw that, as you know, in Q3 of last year, Q4 of last year and that continued into Q1 of this year. So the changes that we've made in the sales organization have led to better-than-expected results, if you like, on the sales side. Alongside that as well, we had a record kick off of new projects in both Q4 and in Q1, which is where the confidence of the increase in growth rate of Dayforce is coming from. 
David Ossip: Mark, we've seen a shift in distribution to larger customers that have a higher dollar value. So we're confident that we will onboard obviously, more dollars of recurring revenue this year. I can't speak to the volume, but I expect the volume to be somewhat constant to what we've seen in prior years. There is, as you know, as we go up the market, we expect the growth rate, if you like, in that to somewhat flatten out, but the dollar amount will keep on going up and probably accelerate. Related to that as well is that we, as Arthur mentioned, we expect that the professional services and other margins will also continue to strengthen throughout the year. And so we obviously are becoming much more efficient at onboarding the revenue and onboarding the revenue in many cases, quicker than we have historically. 
David Ossip: And Mark, we were very happy with the Dayforce performance. If you look at it on a constant currency basis, it's actually gone from, in Q4 of '18, from 27.4% to 28.6% in the sequential quarters. So you see the impact of the go-live and the very strong sales [ really ] in Q3 and Q4 coming into impact. We haven't yet seen the impact really of the Q3, Q4, Q1 sales yet, and that's what gives us confidence in believing that we'll see these Dayforce growth rate end of the year close to 30%, so up from the 28.6% as well. 
David Ossip: So in general, it's been driven by both. Arthur can provide the kind of comments as to the breakdown of the 2. 
David Ossip: The -- more of the growth is going to come from the recurring side this year versus on the professional services and other because we had the very rapid growth, if you like, in professional services and other last year. Whereas this year, it will be somewhat more constant. Currently I believe in the business, about 70% of the Dayforce revenue currently is on the recurring side and about 30% on the professional services. So you'll see more dollars come in from the growth of the Dayforce Live from the recurring side both because of the 70% versus the 30% and also because you've got a higher growth rate on the recurring and due on the professional services. 
David Ossip: Yes, that's correct. Let me just repeat what Arthur said. Powerpay, we recognize revenue when the client processes pay. This year, December 31 fell on a Monday and so approximately about 10% of the Powerpay customers elected to process their first pay for 2019 on that Monday, and so that $1 million of revenue was recognized in 2018 versus 2019. If you adjusted the revenue for that, you would have landed up at about a 5% growth rate in constant currency. We would expect that to be somewhat within the range for the remainder of the year. We believe it will be in the mid-single digits for the remainder of the year. Now towards the end of this year, we do have some new features that are going to come online for the Powerpay business, which should provide an up-sell capability. So we do still believe that we can bring the business into the low double digits but it requires the new products to come on stream in the second half of the year. 
David Ossip: So Mark, we -- the pipeline remains very healthy. As we said, we believe very -- and we see very strong demand for our product. This year, in terms of summits, we had one in Miami, we had a partner event in Fort Lauderdale, a customer event in L.A., a customer event in Sydney, Australia. In May, we have one in the U.K. We have a larger one in June in New York, followed by Chicago in August, and that will be followed by INSIGHTS in October. We're seeing very healthy attendance at the events. You also see the evidence of the pipeline in the sales results. And as I mentioned, where we saw very strong sales results in 2018, we continue to see very strong sales results in Q1. Not only are we seeing stronger results, but we're also seeing evidence of more successes upmarket, consistent of what we communicated last year about our focus on strategic accounts and we're confident that will continue for the remainder of the year. 
David Ossip: Yes. Also still very consistent what we communicated before. We saw strengthening of professional services and other gross margin Q1 to Q1 of negative 17.6% to negative 14.2%. What I would point out is that we did increase head count. I think Arthur made mention of that, in the implementation of professional services fees. So the improvement of the 340 basis points actually includes additional head count that we have in there. So we've seen increased productivity of that group. We would expect that negative 14.2% to strengthen throughout the year, and we'll probably end the year in probably kind of a low single-digit negative margin with the objective obviously of getting to breakeven as we've communicated previously in future years. 
David Ossip: You aren't going to see a negative impact of the global side. In fact, within Q1 and Q2 of this year, we've got a number of customers that have gone live with the U.K. product. In Australia, we're using a partner model for implementation, so you actually get higher margins because it's offloaded onto the partners if you like. We take responsibility for that. We also have domestic teams in both the U.K. and in Australia who are able to do local implementations. And those teams are augmented by the resources that we have in the Mauritius, which obviously have a lower cost base than we have in North America. So we don't believe that the global expansion will impact the professional services and other margins. 
David Ossip: Yes. Michael, that's a great question. And if you recall in the last earnings call, I kind of explained that you really have 2 large go-live seasons. You have basically January and you have July. And so when we look at it from a trailing perspective, you really should be thinking more from a perspective of the Q4, Q1. So Q4 of last year, we had 253 accounts that went live. And in this year [ over here ] you've got 133. So if you add those 2 numbers together, you are at about 386 customers that went live during that period. And you compare that to Q4 of '17 and Q1 of '18, you had a 146 and 153 go-lives, so a smaller number. We would expect to see a -- the next big increase in go lives will probably be between the Q2, Q3 piece. And again, it's somewhat dependent by day of week. So the fact that you have that Monday being -- 12/31 being a Monday of the year, the customers that would have gone live in the first week of January ended up going live on that Monday, which was that 12/31. And so the day of the week piece unfortunately creates a little bit of movement both in the float side, the Powerpay processing side, but also on the go-live. And you'll see that as well as we go into the Q2, Q3 period for go-lives, depending on where that day of the week ends could have impacted some of the numbers. So I would encourage you rather to look at a longer term; last 12 months is probably a good number because it evens out the days of the week. 
David Ossip: As I've said before, we've seen very strong successes in sales over the last number of quarters, if not longer, and we're still seeing very strong demand. We've seen a move upmarket. I can't speak directly to what's going on within Ultimate, but I would imagine some of our success may have come from there. But as far as we're seeing, we're still seeing a very, very healthy market. And as I pointed out, we've seen an acceleration in the Dayforce growth rates and we've seen an acceleration at scale. 
David Ossip: Sure. It's a combination of both. We definitely are seeing an increase in average size, and we are seeing many more wins in the what we call strategic market, which is above the 6,000 piece. In terms of ACV, or in terms of revenue, as we've mentioned before, it's approximately 20% of the revenue growth actually comes from the add-ons, so the additional modules and as well professional services to the existing base. Where we see high attachment rates or higher uptick would be where you would expect recruiting, performance management, learning management, document management, et cetera. 
David Ossip: Sure. Hey, Raimo. So really the next 2 countries are Ireland and New Zealand, and really we think about it as completing a region. So if we think about the U.S. say kind of U.S. and Canada, if you think about the U.K., it's the U.K. and Ireland. If you think about Australia, you talk about ANZ. And so in order to increase the success rate in the U.K. market and Australian market, it makes a lot of sense and low-hanging fruit to add those 2 adjacent marketplaces. As we go beyond that, we basically look to where we have clusters of success of customers. So although we haven't made a decision, potential countries to expand to would include Germany, where we've had tremendous success on the workforce management side. It could be countries like South Africa as I mentioned. We signed another very large customer in Southern Africa. And then obviously, there could be the expansion possibilities into Asia. 
David Ossip: Raimo, internally and when we actually speak, we actually talk about R&D investment as a combination of them both. 
David Ossip: So that's actually quite a good question. If we actually look at our sales and marketing expense, it's actually declined from Q4 to Q1. It went from 18.4% to 17.3%. However, the 17.3% is up about 1.9% from Q1 of last year. In terms of global versus North America, the fact that we've got a larger presence in North America means the numbers are going to be skewed to North America versus global. But if you look at the percentage of increase in those domestic markets, in the U.K. and Australia, we obviously are investing quite significantly year-over-year in those particular markets. In terms of marketing spend, which includes the summits, it's up slightly but still is quite modest relative to the others inside the market. 
David Ossip: Sure. So for the first, we don't provide guidance in average revenue customer. And from a forecasting perspective, we actually build up a forecast from -- an account by account basis. So we look at the work in process, and we have the expected go-live days of each of the accounts, and we know when they go live, we get access to the recurring revenue and obviously, the implementation of professional services revenue is recognized over the life of that. So that's how we basically forecast out the numbers. But you've seen a consistent trend over the last 5 quarters that we've reported. So if I look at the total revenue per customer in Q1 of -- in fact, I'll go back to '17. Q1 of '17, you had $101.5 thousand per customer, that increased to $102.8 thousand in Q2 to $105.3 thousand in Q3 to $108.3 thousand in Q4. That increased to $113 thousand in Q1 to $116.6 thousand in Q2 to $118.9 thousand in Q3 to $117.6 thousand in Q4 to $121.3 thousand in Q1 of 2019. So you've seen the kind of increased consistently now for the last 9 quarters that we reported out. In terms of On-Demand Pay, again, when I think about On-Demand Pay, I talk about it as a longer-term growth factor for the business. In terms of the growth for the business, again 2019 is largely driven by more success in what we call the major markets, which goes up to 6,000 employees, which is effectively winning more customers, going back to those customers and selling the add-on revenue. In the latter half of this year, although we're already begin to see some of it now, more success rate in the strategic market, which starts at 6,000, which is effectively being more successful in winning accounts in the 4 verticals that we currently play. As we go into next year, you will see more impact of the strategic accounts into 2020. And towards probably the middle of the latter half of the year, we should start to see some impact on the global successes. And then as we go into 2021, you will begin to see some of the impact from the On-Demand side as well as you'll see more impact from the global and strategic side. So I think about it really as a separate growth curves. And the importance of all of them is to sustain the growth rate of Dayforce. And again if I look at 2019, we'll begin to see that in the acceleration of the Dayforce growth rate. 
David Ossip: So thanks for the question. So between 2017 and 2018, we actually reduced head count in the professional -- implementation professional services and other. We're now adding head count just basically to meet the sales success that we've had over the last number of quarters. As I mentioned, we had record project kickoffs in Q4 and again in Q1. And so obviously, it's a requirement just to handle the project volume and the business. 
David Ossip: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Again, we're very pleased with the results in the Dayforce business, and we're very confident in the future of the Dayforce business. I look forward to speaking with you all, I think in the one-on-ones. And for those of the investors will be joining us at the JP conference in a few weeks, I look forward to seeing everyone. Thank you very much. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, I think you hit on 2 items that were -- that I think masked and disguised a little bit the strong performance of Dayforce, both foreign exchange and Powerpay. Foreign exchange, year-over-year, the Canadian dollar is now, I think, at a low point for the last 10 years, and weakened about 5% relative to the U.S. dollar. And since we have about 30% of our revenues in Canada, Cloud revenue was generally affected and Powerpay revenue in particular. Powerpay revenue on a constant currency basis increased by 0.5%. And as I explained on the remarks that we had this shift of about $1 million of Powerpay revenue recognized in December that would have otherwise been recognized in January as a certain number of customers, about a 10% increase in the number of processes in December, as the number of customers chose to process their first week's 2019 payroll in 2018 on the Monday, December 31. So I think those 2 items really masked the underlying strong performance of Dayforce. 
Arthur Gitajn: Yes. I mean we had a lot of discussion about this. So just to be clear, we used $1.30 last year. It turns out $1.30 was the actual exchange rate in 2018. It was the actual exchange rate in 2017. It was the average exchange rate for the last 4 years. At the time we were preparing guidance for the year, we were $1.31 so we decided that we'd stick with the $1.30. We don't want to be in a position where we're raising and lowering guidance every quarter based on currency fluctuations. But the Canadian dollar, which is at the weakest point it's been now, I think in the last 10 years, we'll have to look at it. If the U.S. dollar continues to be as strong as it has, we may revisit this in the next quarter. 
Arthur Gitajn: Yes. So we had tremendous growth last year in Dayforce professional services and other, and we've had continued growth this year but the incremental additional growth this year is less. The actual recurring -- Dayforce recurring revenue on a constant currency basis increased $26.3 million to $103.1 million, and this compares to an increase of $25.9 million in Q1 last year. So not only is it increasing but the increases are increasing. 
Arthur Gitajn: No. In Q2, we're lapping a quarter before we accelerated investments in sales and marketing and research and development in the second half of the year. That's where it accounts for the quarterly decline. But again on a full year basis, we're -- our full year guidance, which we're reaffirming, is for EBITDA to increase. And again, we're -- even as we're investing in R&D and sales and marketing to continue to grow the business, we expect full year adjusted EBITDA to increase by $21 million to $26 million and adjusted EBITDA margin to expand 80 to 120 basis points to 22.5% to 22.9%. 
Arthur Gitajn: Sure. We actually include this in the Q. But it's ASC 350 requires us to capitalize costs associated with software developed for internal use. And because we're a true cloud company that offers our software on a subscription basis, all of our software development is for internal use. So when the project reaches the application development phase, it's a point between the when we've got the preliminary project stage completed, we've got funding authorized and the projects deemed to be probable, we will capitalize software. Then the expenses that we incur before that point and the expenses we incur after that point are both reflected in cost of revenue under a product development expense. And I can break out those numbers for you. The capitalized software development was $7.3 million in Q1 compared to $6.1 million in Q1 '18. The R&D portion, pure research and development that occurs before that stage, was $7.8 million this quarter -- this first quarter compared to $6.4 million in Q1 last year. And then the product management expense, which is after the products are completed, was $7.4 million this year compared to $7.3 million last year, essentially flat. 
Arthur Gitajn: The guidance we provided is that we expect about 13% to 17% of our Cloud revenue to come from migrations from Bureau and that's -- and we saw that this quarter, of the $27.7 million increase in Cloud revenue, about 17%, $4.7 million of the increase came from Bureau customers. While we're talking about Bureau, we tend to isolate Bureau and Cloud and talk about Powerpay and so forth, but if you look at the whole, the whole business continues to perform very well. If you look at the incremental additional revenue of $14.9 million is increasing 3x more than the cost of revenue. So even as we're adding implementation resources and stepping up our investments in R&D, the gross margin on the incremental revenue for the whole business was 72% in the first quarter. And we now have the happy problem of having to calculate diluted earnings per share as our net income has increased from $600,000 in Q1 last year to $11.2 million. 
