Matthew Wells: Good evening, everyone. My name is Matt Wells and I'm the Senior Director of Investor Relations at Ceridian. I would like to welcome everyone to the Ceridian First Quarter 2020 Conference Call.  [Operator Instructions]  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Joining me on the call today, we have Co-CEOs, David Ossip and Leagh Turner; CFO, Noemie Heuland; and EVP of CorpDev and Investor Relations, Eric Zimmer.  Before I hand the call over to David, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks may include forward-looking statements and projections. These forward-looking statements are based on management's reasonable assumptions and current beliefs. There are a number of factors that could cause Ceridian's results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release and shareholder letter we issued earlier this afternoon on our website and in our SEC filings. Ceridian undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements made on this call, except as required by law.   With that, I'll turn the call over to David. 
Matthew Wells: Next up, we have Bhavin Shah, Deutsche Bank. Bhavin? Okay. We'll circle back. Next up, we have Dan Jester from BMO. 
Matthew Wells: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions. Thank you all for joining us on the call, and we look forward to speaking with you in the future. 
David Ossip: Thanks, Matt, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining in the call today. Before we go into Q&A, I want to spend a few minutes highlighting the quarter. We had a strong start to the year, executing well across sales, implementation, customer support and product, and technology. Dayforce recurring revenue, excluding float, grew by 31% year-over-year, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Total revenue grew by 25.1%, and adjusted gross margin on recurring increased by 220 basis points to 75.5%. Adjusted EBITDA margin exceeded the high end of our guide by 347 basis points.  On the customer side, we added 175 customers and now have 5,609 customers live on Dayforce. At the same time, the average recurring revenue per Dayforce customer grew by 10%. And on new sales, we saw over 35% of customers acquiring a full suite.  Dayforce Wallet continues to do well. We now have sold over 1,100 customers on the Dayforce Wallet, of which 530 are live. Registration rates have increased to 36% across the eligible employees. Float balances also increased by 17% year-over-year. So overall, a very strong quarter.  On the macro environment, our business remains resilient, and we continue to benefit from healthy employee indicators and rising interest rates. And as such, we are raising our fiscal year 2022 guidance for revenue and profitability, as detailed in our shareholder letter.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Matt, who will guide us through the Q&A. 
David Ossip: Siti, to answer your question, it's tracking well against our expectations. Also of note is that 89% of our new U.S. customers are attaching Wallet, which is obviously an increase that we've seen year-over-year. We've seen good reception from the cash back partnership that we have with DOSH. Also within the quarter, we added support for minor employees, which allows us, obviously, to deliver the solution better to hospitality and retail. 
David Ossip: No. Siti, I'll start by just saying that we've raised guidance for the year. We've raised both the low end and the top end by $10 million. I'll ask Noemie to add a bit more color to that. 
David Ossip: We've seen the attach rate go up quarter-over-quarter for quite some time now. So it's significantly higher than where it was, say, a year ago or 2 years ago. And we will continue to see that do well. We're doing particularly well in our majors market, which goes up to about 3,500 employees. And I would say, when I look at us competitively now on the talent side, we are very strong relative to both the ERPs and more of the pure-play players. 
David Ossip: Again, as you know, we differentiate by having a single database, a single application, one user experience within the system. And so when we actually compete, we are differentiated, I think, from all in terms of our end-to-end capability across core HR, talent and payroll. 
David Ossip: Yes. Look, we performed very well. What we're finding is that the robustness of the technology, which is reflected in the very high customer retention rate as well as our Net Promoter Scores, has led to a decrease in inbound core volumes and so lower costs. We're also seeing more efficiencies across implementation and obviously, the parts of hosting and customer support. 
David Ossip: It's -- there's very real magic to the sequencing of the actual customers. As you know, we typically try to take our payroll customers live on a quarter end in the U.S. And in Canada, it will be more monthly or will be more monthly in EMEA and APJ. When it comes to Wallet, it really comes down to how quickly the customers want to move. Most customers start off with a smaller group of employees, which they tested out, roll it out and once they get comfortable they then extend it to the full population. 
David Ossip: Yes. Majority of our contracts, we have CPI arises inside. So we benefit over time from an increased inflation. 
David Ossip: Yes. So we're very happy with the traction we're getting with Wallet and the Wallet capabilities. I also would say that the Wallet is a very robust system. In other words, we've moved a lot of money very reliably over the last about 18 months to 2 years. In terms of the full vision, we are actively now building that. And I would expect it to come to market late next year. 
David Ossip: In terms of the actual Wallet, as the interest rates go up, the basis points do go up as well. But if you take it at a 25 basis points, that amounts to probably about, I don't know, 7 basis points, the amount of time that's outstanding. So if it goes up by 1% it would be 28 basis points type of thing. 
David Ossip: We have very little exposure to Russia and Ukraine. I was in London probably about 4 weeks ago, and I didn't see any impact from the war, as strange as that might be. So we continue to do very well in EMEA, and in the U.K. and Ireland. 
David Ossip: No, I haven't looked at that in particular. It still seems to be the same largely grocery, fast food, restaurants, gas and convenience, followed by ATM withdrawals. The average withdrawal typically is about $30. 
David Ossip: Yes. Look, Raimo, it's very strong. As I mentioned, in the U.S., we're seeing an 89% attachment rate for Wallet to new sales, which talks about, obviously, the perceived strength of the product and the value that it brings to the employees of our customers. We have seen the other players in markets bringing kind of bolted-on solutions into the marketplace.  The major difference is with us, there's no reconciliation that's required, and there is no loan made to the employee. So in all of the other solutions, the card vendor effectively gives a loan to the employee for the number of days outstanding. We don't do that. We do a true payroll where we do the remittances at the federal and the state level the very next day. So it's a truly compliant type of solution.  The other difference is we do not charge any direct fees to the employees of our customers. We don't believe in doing that. We think that would be morally wrong, whereas the other solutions do require membership fees or fees to use the actual Wallet. 
David Ossip: Raimo, I would start off by saying with the government of Canada, what we are piloting and testing is core HR, talent, payroll and workforce management. And as you know, if that goes forward, that's for well over 100,000 people.  In the major market in the enterprise space, we have a very, very healthy attachment rate and upsell rate to the customers where we do, do the core HR as well as the talent modules. In EMEA, we typically start off with core HR and talent because, as you know, those are more demanded than probably payroll in that particular market. And probably the same across APJ.  We now are getting traction in our Gartner positioning means that we are being considered for the back office pieces as you would say, the core HR, but as well as some of the talent components. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes, sure. So for Q1, Siti, we had a couple of things. We've increased our cloud recurring gross margin that actually exceeded our expectations. Last quarter, as you remember, we've discussed that we took some actions to rebalance some of our workforce into our shared services center in APJ. We've executed that very well. We've gained efficiencies on cloud recurring gross margin, and that will continue throughout the year. That's very important because that also helps us scale in the long term.  We had also taken a little bit of an upside on Bureau. We had a better volume than expected in our tax and payroll in North America. So that flew also directly to the bottom line. And we had a little bit of float upside as well. So those are the main things that happened in Q1.  Of note, we also continue to make some investments in our product and technology as well in Q1, and we'll continue to do so in the second half of the year in Q2 as well. 
Noemie Heuland: So we've raised our guidance, as you saw in cloud revenue and total revenue to account for the near-term rate environment. So we've accounted for the recent hikes that we saw, including today. And we also have to take into account our laddered portfolio. So remember, there's a -- we have half of our portfolio that's invested in liquidity and the other half is invested in longer-term instruments. So there's not -- there's a little bit more timing until all those interest rates benefit [ more floats ], but we reflected what we believe is still years of that interest rate environment. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. So let me take that, and maybe you can add some color. So first of all, as we've discussed before, now we expected we had rebalanced our workforce, especially in the support and operations into our shared services center in APJ. We've expanded our support center in Manila. We've done that quite successfully. We had very good hiring trends over there. So that has helped us be more efficient and gain scale in the cloud recurring gross margin, as we've mentioned.  We've also done typically what we do at the beginning of the year. We've also performance managed and look at our existing sales force as well as resources in the product technology group and looked at performance management typical -- as you would expect us to do every beginning of the year. So that's the other part of it. 
Leagh Turner: Sure. I mean, here's what I'll say. Q1 was an excellent bookings quarter, really solid result, and really robust customer demand. Solid growth in the North American mid-market, an excellent quarter in EMEA and a really good out-of-the-gate performance in APJ. As David said, more than 35% of our sales in the first quarter were full suite. And we are seeing continued innovation on the platform and therefore, ability to go back into the base and continue to sell. And we're seeing that our retention rates and Net Promoter Scores remain very, very high, which makes for a very warm base to be able to sell back into.  The pipeline for the full year, rolling 2 quarter and rolling 4 quarter, is very strong, and our win rates have gone up pretty demonstrably year-over-year as a result of a number of things, one of which is our consistently building SI ecosystem and the referred pipeline that we're seeing from that ecosystem, which is well known by the SIs and, therefore, drives greater win rate. So a really solid bookings quarter overall. 
Leagh Turner: The only other thing I would add is we've spent the last 8 years building customer communities where customers can self-solve issues that may come in -- may have previously come into our support center. And so as a result, we have a really sustainable way of solving customer needs that's been built by a really good team. 
Leagh Turner: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is the way that we think about global is as we expand, there's an opportunity to do 2 things, Mark. We can sell locally. So to customers that only have an employee base in the locale that we're servicing, or we can sell to global multinationals with lots of different geographies. So our global expansion allows us to unlock TAM in both of those indices simultaneously. And you can see that in our shareholder letter.  So what I would say is in the shareholder letter, we call out the longest-standing retailer based in EMEA, with 10,000 employees, they bought the full suite. They're EMEA-based largely, and they're going to roll it out to their entire population. A global online gaming company in the U.K. with operations across 10 countries and 7,000 employees can also be serviced by us. When you shift to some of the larger references that we noticed -- that we noted, excuse me, in the shareholder letter, the second largest global consultancy in the world chose Ceridian to deploy to their North American population of 52,000, but with opportunity to expand globally.  And then as we referenced under our customer section, the world's largest leading global business information company chose us to service their North American population first, which went live in less than a year, and they're now rolling us out to 16 countries over the course of the next 14 months. So we have an opportunity to do those 2 things as we grow globally, which is a really important marker to our success. 
Leagh Turner: I would say the sales organization is near capacity now. So we spent a huge amount of time in Q1 doing what every organization does in Q1, which is setting their go-to-market, making the changes that we believe were required in order to unlock the year. And we went on, not only -- to Noemie's point, we performance managed the sales team appropriately, which one should do every year in a healthy sales organization, and we hired the backfill appropriately and of higher quality, in our belief. And so as a result, have a really great go-to-market setup for the full year. 
Leagh Turner: Did you hear that? I don't know if we're a little choppy on this end. David said, they were all net new. 
