David Ossip: Thanks, Jeremy. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter year-end earnings call. We are pleased with the results from the fourth quarter of 2018. During the fourth quarter, Dayforce revenue grew by 34% year-over-year and Cloud revenue grew by 28%. On a constant currency basis, Dayforce revenue grew 36% year-over-year and Cloud revenue grew 30%. The fourth quarter was a record-setting quarter, both in terms of Dayforce recurring revenue taken live and the number of customers added. We ended the year with 3,718 customers live on the Dayforce platform, a net increase of 253 customers from the third quarter of 2018 and an increase of 717 customers since December 31, 2017. Q4 adjusted EBITDA increased 22% year-over-year. We achieved a 220 basis point improvement in our adjusted EBITDA margin to 21.7% of revenue. And income from continuing operations before income taxes was $12.7 million in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2018, Dayforce revenue grew 38% and Cloud revenue grew 32%. And total revenue grew 11% year-over-year. Gross margin on Cloud recurring services increased from 63% to 68%, and gross margin on professional services and other improved from negative 88% to negative 41% year-over-year. Total revenue increased by $76 million, and we converted over 30% of that revenue growth or $39 million into adjusted EBITDA. And adjusted EBITDA margin improved nearly 350 basis points to 21% for the full year 2018. We continued our investment in product development during 2018. Our cash investment in product development, including research and development expense and capitalized software development, was $55 million, up 22% year-over-year to 7.4% of revenue. In 2018, we launched compensation management, learning management and succession planning. We also announced near-term Dayforce platform features, including advanced analytics, benefits decision support, engagement surveys, compensation data [ benchmarking ] and On-Demand Pay. We believe these product enhancements will broaden our HCM functionality and will enable us to sell additional functionality to new and existing customers. In 2018, approximately 20% of our sale were add-on features to our existing customers. We expect the cadence of product announcements and launches in 2019 to be similar to that of 2018. Globally, we also launched native U.K. payroll in 2018 and already have customers live in the U.K. In 2019, we are launching native Australian payroll and intend to expand our native payroll functionality into New Zealand and Ireland. In addition, we intend to expand the countries covered by Dayforce connected pay solution.  We also invested an additional $15 million in sales and marketing during 2018 compared to 2017. These investments contributed some strong sales throughout 2018, and in Q4, we saw strong demand from larger customers. In our financial services vertical, we closed the financial service leader with more than 22,000 U.S. employees. In the retail and hospitality verticals, we closed a 20,000 employee retail, a restaurant chain with more than 8,000 employees and a hotel chain with more than 11,000 employees. In the manufacturing vertical, we signed a major producer of electronic and fiber optic connectors and coax cable who has approximately 15,000 employees. And in the health care and human services segment, we signed a nursing and professional services health care company with approximately 9,000 professionals. In summary, Q4 2018 was a record sales quarter and 2018 was a record sales year. We are very pleased with the performance of our sales team and the continued strong demand we are seeing in the marketplace. I would now like to briefly highlight some recent industry recognitions. In 2018, we received a record number of awards for our products, services and employee engagement. I'm especially pleased with engagement awards, including Glassdoor Employees' Choice Awards for 2018 best places to work in both the U.S. and Canada, best places certification in both the U.S. and Canada and our presence on list for best workplaces for inclusion, for millennials, for women and for technology. We believe that our great culture leads to great customer experiences. We are an example of how using Dayforce at Ceridian has created a culture of innovation and performance. I will now turn it over to Arthur to discuss our financial results and guidance with you in greater detail. 
David Ossip: So thanks, Martin. Nice speaking with you. The first point I would make is that our messaging around the continuous calculation, which, as you know, leads to better compliance calculations as well as more efficient payroll benefits and other HCM processes efficiencies resonate even better with the larger account than it does with the mid-market account because in that particular size of company, anytime you have an exception, there are thousands of the same exception. In terms of the wins that I spoke about in the press release, we did a financial services organization with more than 20,000 employees. That, I believe, has a very high mix of salaried employees, so that is not a focus on hourly. We also announced a large health care organization. Again, there's a nice mix over there between salaried. They do have some hourly. And then I did speak about the multiple wins that we had in retail and hospitality, a 20,000-plus retailer. By the way, that retailer will probably have 3,000, 4,000 salaried employees. We spoke about a fast food chain, and we also spoke about a large hotel chain. And obviously, there will be a higher mix of hourly with that. And we also spoke about a large manufacturer, which obviously would be an hourly. But in summary, you've got quite a nice mix between some customers -- some large customers with salary and some customers who have a blend. 
David Ossip: So Mark, if you look at the product announcements that we've made in the latter half of 2018, you'll see there's actually quite a good blend between the focus on additional talent functionalities. So for example, if I go into 2019, we'll be launching engagement surveys, which is obviously talent. Even when we look at some of the compliance modules like benefits, we're now talking about benefit decision support. When we -- at the end of last year, we released succession planning, which is also on the talent side. So our belief, really, is that by focusing on the user experience as opposed to the module, you typically end up with quite a differentiated product. And obviously, we're leveraging that continuous calculation, which, quite honestly, applies even between the talent modules like compensation and payroll and applies very well when you look at recruiting, bringing in some of the compliance pieces into there as well, which we believe gives us a nice advantage. 
David Ossip: Great. So Leagh has been with us for about 5 months now, and we're delighted with the impact that she's had on the organization just in the latter half of the year. As I pointed out, Q4 was a record sales quarter for us, and we saw substantial wins in what we would term strategic market. Also, inside Leagh's domain are the professional services and other as well as all of the other aspects of go to market. A lot of the priorities that Leagh and her group have been focusing on are, if you like, leveling up our go-to-market strategies, particularly in the upper end of the market by taking much more of a verticalized approach to the industries that we've seen a lot of success in. 
David Ossip: So Mike, let me take that. There are a few things I would like to kind of emphasize over here. The first is that we saw tremendous efficiencies in our implementation teams last year. In fact, the headcount that we had in implementation, I believe, was down year-over-year, even though we saw a tremendous increase in the number of accounts that we took live. In comparison in Q4 '17, we took live 146 customers. Q4 of '18, that increased to 253 customers that were taken live. The other area that I'll probably point you to is that we've seen an increase in the average revenue per client between 2017 and 2018. In 2017, the average revenue was $107,000 per customer, and that increased to $119,000 per customer in 2018. And if we actually look at it from an incremental revenue add per client, you will see that the number in 2017 was about $153,000 per customer, and that increased in 2018 to $172,000 per customer. So the incremental revenue added per new client went up by about 13% between those 2 years. And so we're very pleased with the increase that we're seeing in ability to onboard and activate the customers as well as the increased revenue that we're actually getting per client. What drove that? Is that an anomaly? No, we don't believe that is an anomaly. We had guided and we had spoken about that we had expected Q4 to be a record quarter for us in terms of activations. I'd also like to actually add one other to each -- one other. We are, this year in 2019, increasing the number of professional services resources. So unlike in 2018 where we actually decreased the headcount and the expenses, we do expect our headcount to go up slightly in professional services and other in 2019 to handle the activation and professional services demand requirements. 
David Ossip: Sure, Raimo. So the increase in revenue per client is largely driven by increased module density and services. As we look towards 2019, we believe it'll also be driven by increased size as we move much more into the strategic market. Moving to the strategic market is twofold. First, we have been opportunistic where we have been brought into the larger accounts based on the success, if you like, of the continuous calculation messaging in a single database. The second part, with Leagh joining the organization, we're taking a much more disciplined approach in how we target strategic accounts in terms of taking more of a value-added sales approach to specific verticals where we can tailor the message and the benefits of the technology. 
David Ossip: Thanks, Mark. Nice to be speaking to you as well. The first point I'll make is that we've seen an increase in our Net Promoter Scores year-over-year. And that increase has been most pronounced in the strategic accounts sector, which means that our referenceability and customer satisfaction in the large market has obviously influenced where we are brought into deals. The second piece is, as you know, we have been investing in partnerships in developing relationships with advisory firms and  SI firms. Just as an FYI, we had our partnership conference scheduled for early April this year, and we expect to see quite good attendance over there. Those partnerships have led to obviously higher pipeline and then obviously, influencing the actual deals as well. 
David Ossip: The competitive nature hasn't changed at all. We obviously do replacements of some of the other payroll companies. We also see replacements of the ERPs. It hasn't -- we also still see quite a bit of replacement of really old legacy technologies. So we haven't seen any market changes in that regard. 
David Ossip: Brad, I don't think we give guidance into the actual count. And as you know, there is quite a lot of fluctuation between quarters in terms of the number of accounts we take live. We are scheduled to go live but based obviously on when the client is actually signed but also based on the availability of the customer team. We do not have a backlog in terms of implementation, which means we can typically kick off the projects as quickly as the customers are able to. But as I said, Q4 was a record sales quarter, and I spoke previously in prior earning calls that we have seen very strong demand throughout the entire of 2018. And our goal would be to obviously take those accounts live in 2019. 
David Ossip: Sure. So if I look at reduction in a longer-term basis, 2018 was actually in line with 2016. It's exactly -- in fact, slightly higher than the midpoint of the range that we gave. We gave guidance to 95% to 97%, which I think is actually a very good number for our industry. I can't speak to the exact specific as to why 2017 was so high. What I would point out though as well is that our net retention rate is above 100%. 
David Ossip: Sure. So in terms of the balance, obviously, the majority of the Cloud growth is coming from Dayforce. If I look historically in terms of the differences, if I look at Q4, on a GAAP basis, Dayforce revenue grew by 34.3%. On a constant currency basis, Dayforce revenue grew by 35% in Q4 of '18. And if I look at it on a Powerpay basis, on a GAAP basis, the growth rate of Powerpay was 2.8% and the constant currency growth rate was 7.4%. And as Dayforce is obviously the vast majority of the Cloud revenue, you would expect the majority of the growth of Cloud to come from the growth of Dayforce, and that would obviously continue into 2019. 
David Ossip: Sure. I appreciate the question. We haven't disclosed to the market the pricing, but we do have several customers that are now in early stages of implementation with On-Demand. 
David Ossip: It would be [ sort of ] per employee per month pricing model, but we haven't disclosed the dollar amount in the market. 
David Ossip: So if I look at it on the total users, we saw an increase of 600,000 users between 2018 and 2017, and we saw that obviously across an increase of 717 customers that were taken live in '18 as compared to 662 customers that were taken live in 2017, which was obviously an increase from 569, which were taken live in 2016. So you've seen an upward trend per year in the number of accounts that we've been activating. We haven't obviously given guidance, as I mentioned earlier, into the number of customers we'd expect to go live to next year, but you can see what the historical trend has been. 
David Ossip: Chris, thank you for that. So a bit more color. If I look at the number of employees per customer, it was largely constant between 2017 and 2018. You can do the math yourself, 3.1 million active users in 2018 over a base of 3,718 customers versus 2.5 million employees right at the end of '17 on a base of 3,001. And so if you do the numbers, it averages out to obviously 833, slightly different, obviously, if you look at the median, which gives you actually a bit more accurate information. The increase that we saw in revenue per client -- and again, if you look at the increases, we went from $106,600 per customer in 2017 to $119,200 per customer in 2018, so a nice increase of about almost 12%. So the increase over there was driven by the add-on and the increased PEPM that we're getting from the new clients. And you'll see that again. If you look at the incremental revenue per new Dayforce customer, which was $152,000 in 2017, that grew by about 13% to $172,000 in 2018. We've always spoken about the platform opportunity in the marketplace, which effectively is we get the customer for payroll benefits and time and core HR. We work on making sure that they're very happy. And then we go back to them and we sell them the additional features as we release them. The cadence of building our products has been 2 to 3 new features per year, and as I said, we expect that cadence to continue into the future. And as such, I would expect the incremental revenue per client to go up regardless of our move upmarket. The second point is with Leagh joining the organization and a more focused go-to-market plan for the strategic accounts, strategic for us -- by the way, we've now defined as above 6,000 employees, and that involves having a more of a verticalization go-to-market strategy that extends all the way from sales to implementation to customer support. We would expect to see more success in that particular segment of the market, and so the average number of employees should go up. 
David Ossip: As you've seen with us and others, obviously, Q4 is a very healthy buying quarter. So I haven't seen any changes in the macro environment. And if I look at the pipeline into 2019, I don't see any either. 
David Ossip: So we issued a press release a couple of days ago announcing a few go-lives that we've had in the U.K. on our native payroll product. So we are now beginning to see customers get activated on that major U.K. product. We will be having another summit in the U.K., I believe, within the May time frame. And so we obviously are seeing pipeline development and market demand. So we're quite happy at the moment. We've also begun ramping up the sales organization in the U.K. As it pertains to 2019, the impact would obviously be towards the end of the year and obviously into 2020. 
David Ossip: So if we look at the actual numbers, you'll see that the sales and marketing expense in Q4 of '18 was $35.8 million as compared to $31.8 million in Q4 of '17. So we increased the actual spend there quite a bit. The reason for that is obviously increased commissions, which drove a lot of it as well we have our customer conference, which falls into October, so it's booked in Q4. Going forward, we'll continue to invest in sales and marketing, but the changes aren't going to be a big step. So continue to be very focused investments that have high returns. 
David Ossip: Just thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and I look forward to our future conversations. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, I would guide you to look at the absolute dollar increases. The absolute dollar increase in 2017 was $101 million. The absolute dollar increase in 2018 was $115 million. I think you can kind of trend it that way. In a number of areas now we've been growing so fast. The denominator has gotten so big. It's hard to move the needle. But if you look at the actual dollar increases, not only are we continuing the increase but the increases are getting larger. 
Arthur Gitajn: You can infer from -- we've given the total revenue in the Cloud guidance. But the Bureau retention was 86.9% in 2018 versus 89.7% in 2017, 87.4% in 2016. So we continue to be in the high 80s, and you can assume the same, excluding migrations to Dayforce. Migrations to Dayforce accounted for approximately 18% of our increase in Cloud revenue in '18. You should expect something in the neighborhood of 13% to 17% going forward. 
Arthur Gitajn: Sure. So for the full year 2017, we see the professional services margin would have gone from negative 87.8% to negative 32% under 606. For full year 2018, professional services margin would have increased from a negative 40.8% to a negative 14.3%, would have improved. And in Q4 last year, we were at negative 17% before 606. After 606, we're at -- we're, I believe, in the tens, 10.6%. So I think that we're in the --  we're probably in the minus 10% to breakeven range going forward. 
