Joseph Korngiebel: Thank you, Leagh. Our momentum continued to climb within our people platform in Q1 as we successfully delivered timely and impactful innovations to our customers. The most impactful and important part of our road map ahead is our continued AI and machine learning investments.  In Q1, our use of Generative AI within our products progressed substantially and is beginning to deliver quantifiable value for our customers and their employees with this technology. Even before a candidate starts in their career, all the way through every step along the way in their career, Generative AI technology is transforming our entire HCM suite. Let me highlight a couple of examples that we are working on with our customers. A talent acquisition copilot for recruiters. This assists with the authoring of job titles and job descriptions for requisitions instantly and provides a domain-specific large language model that provides them a personalized company-specific chatbot experiences for a candidate. It gets them the answers to their questions instantly that they might have about their potential employment, things like job details, benefits questions, company culture information and resources they need. They're answered instantly. This naturally extends into a career copilot for employees. This saves them time and improves their productivity by helping with things like writing personalized quarterly goals, authoring performance reviews. Yes, those time-wasting performance reviews are now a copilot assist me and provides much greater productivity with and generating personalized learning pads that are based on the data that we have around a person's career, especially their skills with our Dayforce skills engine.  We're also looking to leverage our strength in payroll and workforce management compliance with a pay and compliance copilot. This is for administrators to help shield our customers from operational risk. We're mining business process data so that we could automatically draft HR policies, and we can work as a copilot to help automate payroll, so we can find anomalies in the data before you even run payroll and really help to realize the vision of autonomous payroll, driving to resolution of these open anomalies and driving errors down to 0 with your payroll.  As always, we're embarking on this journey with our customers and keeping data stewardship at the forefront of what we're doing from security to privacy, to governance, to algorithm transparency and fair practices, keeping that in the foreground. You see our architectural approach of a single database without multiple systems are stitching together acquisitions that really fragment your data and provide it impossible to have a clean set of data for these powerful algorithms and really the source behind Generative AI. This is a unique advantage for us in the data age.  And as a trusted compliance leader for our customers, we are transforming the industry with this innovation. Really, we're doing it with responsible innovation together to redefine the value and impact that our HCM platform can have on making work life better for our customers and their employees.  I'm incredibly excited about our future ahead and really raising the bar for what our HCM can do for our customers in this time of efficiency and productivity.  But now let's look at the financials of our quarter with Noemie. Noemie, over to you. 
Joseph Korngiebel: I appreciate the question. We, of course, as our enterprise company, have to keep data privacy, data security, data governance, and most importantly, data ethics in the forefront of what we're doing. So we're building large language models, leveraging some of the open source capabilities that are coming out of the great work that's happening in the industry right now. A lot of what the industry is doing are really giving back some of the great technology and things that you're seeing just in the media everywhere.  But we don't use it right off of the shelf. We use it. We bring it into our house, and we make sure we put it within our tech stack, so we can still have that single source of truth for our customers in the right way we govern the data, make sure we're just stewards of our customers' data at the end of the day. And if we do it together and responsibly, like as you heard in the overall call, I see a transformation of our industry happening in front of us. And I think with the way we are architected, we have a distinct advantage. We don't cobble together a bunch of data sets and worry about having our customers wonder if there's data leakage and other things happening. Our architecture is incredibly sound when it comes to data governance and I'm looking forward to the continued innovation with our own large language models and our own use of this technology. 
Joseph Korngiebel: I'll take that. So I appreciate the question. And yes, we're going through a renaissance right now in all aspects of technology, but especially in the people applications that we really serve for our customers. The first and foremost is automation and efficiency. I think what we're able to do with the tech is to start to drive more efficiencies and automation in a time of need. We can take what tasks would take a long time to do. We look at what we're doing with some of the things to really recruit candidates and find candidates into a very labor intensive to go through resumes very labor intensive to have interview after interview to answer their questions.  You look at what chatbot technology can do and really powerful large language models. It can pre-write a lot of the content that you need, and then they can provide those answers instantly instead of a lot of back and forth. Those type of efficiencies we're seeing from our customers. They're making a meaningful value add to their business when they need to drive efficiency. Are we looking to then monetize that? Yes.  As we look through, I mentioned the concept of copilots. I look at the technology, and again, the business we're in is making people's work life better. We feel like fundamentally, we can do that with this technology. We can start to elevate people's work and provide them with more time for the value add that they can add to the business as opposed to more of the task be automated. And so we are looking to provide copilots for the different personas that we support, a copilot for an employee in their career, help them through it, copilot for a recruiter, a copilot for a payroll administrator who at time spends a lot of time in non-value-added work. And so yes, we feel like the copilot concept that we're doing is, over time, going to be monetized in new products that we can offer to our customers to really make work more efficient for their employees. 
David Ossip: Siti, the Q1 to Q2 is tied to seasonality of our business. In Q4 and Q1, we have the year-end processes that add additional recurring revenue. We called that out, by the way, at the end of last year. We mentioned that the tax modernization would be $11 million in Q1, dropping to $7.5 million in Q1 -- sorry, in Q2. And that is the delta that you see between Q1 and Q2. So it is nothing other than typical seasonality.  As referenced, I'd point you back to the last year of normality, which was in the first half of 2020, and you'll see the $4 million reduction between Q1 and Q2. It's a typical pattern that you can expect from us. 
David Ossip: Yes, we were very pleased, by the way, with the go-lives in Q1, slightly ahead of what our forecast was. We're very confident in the go-live forecast for the remainder of the year. If you look at the implied acceleration rate on Dayforce recurring for the second half of the year, you'll see that the numbers are there, again, consistent with what we reported with our Q4 earnings call. 
David Ossip: Thanks for that, Mark. Appreciate it. As you know, we've been quite focused on the bottom line and driving efficiencies across the business. First of all, I'd point out that if you look at the most important metric, which is the cloud recurring gross margin, that was up 320 basis points year-over-year to 78.7%. One of our targets that we've communicated to the market is getting that number to above 80%. And you can see that we have obviously a direct line of sight to that.  As well right across SG&A, you will notice that on the G&A line itself, you see much more profitability. In Q1 of last year, we were at 11.9%, and that's now dropped down to 10.6%. You'll see the sales and marketing efficiencies as well flow directly through with about a 400 basis points improvement year-over-year as the changes that we've made in terms of sales and marketing are driving additional productivity. And then there is a little bit of seasonality towards that as well. Q1 typically, a lighter quarter for us from a marketing spend. That builds up as we get into the Summits and Insights towards the end of the year. 
David Ossip: I believe we're differentiated in our global approach from a core HR model. We've done a tremendous number of investments over the last probably about 4, 5 years in that. We're very, very comprehensive in terms of our global coverage in terms of core HR down to the compliance and the forms that required in the different geos that we play in.  As you know, on top of that, we have the payroll capability, which is quite differentiated in market. That is all in one platform across both our native and our global payroll interface pieces of capability. The Hub experience as well has become a very large differentiator, which is becoming the central means of communication and engagement, all global organizations to do comms across their entire business.  And what's nice about the hub is that is one with the underlying global HR model, which means as people move across geos, as they move across brands, as they change roles, as they change status, we present exactly the right experience for that person at that time. And that is leading to a lot of wins on the global side.  In terms of time to go live, we aren't seeing much of a difference. The only real difference is that we're not constrained to quarterly go-lives with the global deployments. We can go live typically on a monthly basis. In some geos, we time occasionally to a go live for a tax, yes. 
David Ossip: The one piece I probably would add is on the SI front because that is driving the success on the global. The -- our SI program and the adoption by the larger size and the local SIs in the different countries is really much more advanced than it was a year ago, and it's continuing to advance as we go forward. In fact, a few weeks ago, I was in Dallas attending one of the large global SI conferences, where they had their global partners come to Dallas to discuss ways that we can actually build out the partnership. And that's driving a lot of the lead gen that we have, and they are doing most of the deployments on a global basis. 
David Ossip: Yes. So to put the numbers in perspective, it went from basically $196,000 per incremental customer to $225,000, which was up about 14% year-over-year. Obviously, that is part of the actual beat that you see. That tied to -- we also had a very good go-live quarter with 186 customers go live relative to 175  the year before, which was also up about 10% but that we would expect that to continue. 
David Ossip: The float balance in Q1 does go up relative to the other quarters. In terms of the remainder of the year in terms of float, it was up about 3% in Q1 year-over-year. If I'm looking towards the remainder of the year, I would probably use that as a good guide, Matt, from that perspective, it will be slightly higher I think in Q2, but I think from a planning perspective, use the 3% [ bonus not such a being less in ] market than they were previously. 
David Ossip: So it's part of the move to the Dayforce type technology, right? So with the tax, we went from old bureau tech to move it around to the Dayforce platform. There are some other components still in what we're now calling other revenue as opposed to bureau revenue. You've got the pieces that are tied to the Ascender and the Excelity acquisitions, which I think you know there's about $85 million in the APJ kind of revenue stream for fiscal 2023 that over time as well will be moved over to the Dayforce side. In the nearer term, as well, we're looking at modernizing some of the underlying tech on the Powerpay. And so at some point in time, that also will become part of Dayforce. 
David Ossip: So there's greater productivity on the go-live front. There also was a little bit of a tailwind from employment levels with inside the quarter of about $600,000, $700,000 that came into the actual quarter as well, but largely, it was just good execution. 
David Ossip: Just a couple of points. We also have a number of initiatives with Generative AI internally. Specifically, if we look at the support group, 70% of the inbound tickets are what we classify as knowledge based. In other words, asking questions about the product, how do I do something. We have built a tool that when we are now testing it across 60 different support reps. We have found that the tool can answer 75% of the inbound questions, and we've trained it only with our knowledge bases and our implementation guide. In other words, what words have set the model not to look at the public Internet or any information, only look at the documents that we've actually provided and the ability for it to answer at a very high degree of confidence is 75% of the inbound questions can be answered by the tool.  There are some other smaller features inside the product that we're looking at. If you're configuring the application and you require a description, say, for a job, we can call an API that basically returns the job description based on the name of the actual job. When you work in different languages, when you create a record in the database or a particular one language, it can ask if you would like it to add the descriptions and the names and the other languages. So there's immediately some productivity features that will flow through the application.  And then as we get more sophisticated, you'll see it in the actual copilots. The same tool that we're using for support, we'll be seeing quite a good return in it being able to actually do some of the configuration work, writing reports, data migration types of tasks. So I do think you'll see an impact as well to the cloud recurring gross margin over time as well. 
David Ossip: It's right across the board. I'm seeing some very, very large organizations looking at the full suite. The hub experience and its attachment to the knowledge base with inside the actual system is very, very powerful because it allows you to centralize your communications tied to the HR model that is present at the moment. For the right experience, it's in front of the right person. And that cuts right across the whole HCM spectrum. So you can have a candidate experience, a retiree and alumni, an active employee and you're always publishing pertinent information to that individual. And obviously, the more modules you use within our system, the more information that you can make present from an engagement and communication perspective. 
David Ossip: Our large enterprise and enterprise pipeline continues to grow relative to last year, but that's tied largely to the changes we made from a go-to-market perspective and the build-out of the actual team. It's a healthy pipeline, I'll say, right across segment and across geo. 
David Ossip: Thanks a lot. Well, first, Raimo, I would argue it's not a long implementation. We've had very successful implementations at the large enterprise side of -- in that 5- to 9-month time frame. So the move from one payroll system to Dayforce is very streamlined, very effective, and typically, it solves a lot of compliance and inefficiencies for the organization right off the actual bat.  As Leagh pointed out, the strength of our platform, and I would argue now that each of the modules that we have in the platform are very competitive even against the best of breeds. In other words, they're very, very deep, tied to the fact that we can really lift up the overall experience to the person through the way that it flows, information flows across the different modules gives us a strong advantage.  There is a significant savings to the customer when they move to Dayforce from a whole range of different types of technology. The savings comes from reduced subscription fees. You eliminate unnecessary IT integration and unnecessary IT resources. And at the same time, you can make the processes that the employees and the managers go through much more efficiently.  And there's a further benefit from an analytics or decision-making perspective that the information is all together, which makes reporting and visualization as possible. So those we find are actually driving it. And as I -- in my kind of longish type of talk today. Then the macro in many ways is a big wave, and we're riding that wave successfully. So a lot of that has actually become a tailwind to our business. 
David Ossip: Yes. The progress is going quite nicely. We're in the phase where we now are signing up customers. We expect to launch it towards the end of the year. 
David Ossip: I don't think there's any real change. The only difference is that you typically have to run a couple of extra processes with the clients. If you do [Technical Difficulty] with the European clients, it's going to be a GPA process around data residency. There's obviously now a cyber piece that typically you have to go with as well. So as long as you basically go through the processes in parallel, you're not really seeing elongated sales cycles. 
David Ossip: Yes. Look, we're not being an economist, so we're basically holding the employment levels rather constant for the remainder of the year. Obviously, we did see some tailwinds come into Q1, but we're not assuming that continues for the year. We're focusing, as Leagh pointed out, in the cross-sales across the actual base and the focus on new customers, investments with the SIs accelerating their generation of pipe and their ability to implement the actual product to get us to revenue quicker. 
David Ossip: We're focused mostly on penetration or increase in the eligibility of the wallets across the actual base. But if I look at actual loads, they're up 3x relative to last year. So we loaded, I think, about $350 million inside the quarter. So we've now passed $1.5 billion in terms of our loads onto the actual wallet. 
Leagh Turner: The only thing I would add, if I could, David, is that, Mark, if you look at our press release, 6 of 8 of the go-lives that we announced are global multinationals. You see the same reflected in our sales wins. And as David talked about, right off the jump, and we talked about this last quarter, as organizations look for efficiency and scale, they're globalizing their employee base, and we are set to capture share. And we are years ahead of anyone else in this regard with really modern tech that can help enable that shift. 
Leagh Turner: Yes. If I could just add, sales, kickoffs and go-lives by partners continued to increase quarter-over-quarter and exponentially so year-over-year. And we imagine this 3 or 4 years ago. We started to build the infrastructure to make this possible, and we expect that we will be able to continue to ride this wave in perpetuity. So you should expect that this is a trend that will persist in our business. 
Leagh Turner: The only other thing I would add, if I could, is just we said this last quarter, and we would underscore it again because it's showing up both on the sales side and the go-live side is that during a tough macro, platform players win. That's just all there is to it, and we're really seeing that in our pipeline. 
Leagh Turner: Yes. I mean we were fully staffed out of gate, which is critical to a really good launch of the year and a good successful go to market. We're considering adding head count in areas where we're seeing real buoyancy, and we're doing that judiciously. But you should expect, frankly, that once you launch a go to market, they're only tweaking it really at the midyear point. And we think we have a great go to market that's producing excellent results. So that's about where we're at. 
Leagh Turner: If I could just add 2 things, Raimo, I'll say -- to echo David's last point, market-leading companies with strong balance sheets are focusing on the fundamentals and they're investing. That's just the basics. And we're seeing that at the top of our funnel.  The second thing I would say, just to answer your question very directly, you asked about deployment strategies. I mean, we cited in our sales wins in our press release a humanitarian aid organization in Australia with 27,800 employees with plans to double. So they go in with one tranche and then they expand to the rest of their organization. We also cited one of the largest auto manufacturers in the world, 8,000 employees in Canada with plans to expand. We talked about this a little bit last quarter as well. But that's a very, very common trend in our business that global multinationals look at taking bite-sized pieces. They make a holistic commitment. They roll them out one region at a time, generating results and using that result to drive further growth and efficiency. 
Leagh Turner: Yes. I mean I think the only other thing I would say is, first of all, Gartner rates us #1 in compliance, so just to attest to David's point. Second, you can imagine, right, we sell to a variety of different personas, CFOs, CHROs, heads of operations in every jurisdiction, frankly, in which we operate. And each of them have different needs. And as I mentioned before, in this macro, buyers are looking to consolidate point solutions and platform players with lots of different inroads to capture value and release value for our customers are winning, and it's a zero-sum budget game. So they're all taking a look at the opportunities that we bring to bear. 
