David Ossip: Thanks, Arthur. I would like to speak about a few things before we open it up to questions. As I mentioned earlier, we accelerated the investments throughout 2019 and we'll continue to do so in 2020. While we benefited from Fed rate increases in the first 3 quarters of 2019, we anticipate a 2020 float income headwind of approximately $10 million.  To provide clarity around the performance of the business, we issued an 8-K in December 2019, showing our revenue results, excluding the impact of float. And as Arthur just covered, we are providing 2020 guidance with and without float income.  Because of float revenue flows almost directly to the bottom line, our adjusted EBITDA guidance includes the impact of the float headwind as well. Excluding float, we expect to grow adjusted EBITDA by 10% to 15% year-over-year, which at the top end of guidance is an acceleration compared to 2019. On the Bureau side, we are moving to an aggressive end-of-life strategy, and this is reflected in our $103 million guidance.  Finally, we are continuing investments in product development, sales and services to support the massive amount of opportunity we see in our focused areas.  Our growth strategy includes: first, winning more new customers in our existing markets; second, increasing our recurring revenue per client by adding functionality to the Dayforce platform; third, moving upmarket into more enterprise verticals, including retail, hospitality, manufacturing, healthcare, financial services, government and professional services; fourth, expanding globally by building major core HR, workforce management and payroll capability for more countries; and finally, extending into adjacent markets, such as Dayforce Wallet. Consistent with our messaging since IPO, we are confident that we will exceed $1 billion of revenue in 2021 and in the longer term, exceed adjusted EBITDA margins of 30%.  With that, I will ask the operator to open up the line to questions. Thank you. 
David Ossip: Well, as you can see, if you look at the amount that we've migrated from the Bureau to the Cloud has been rather constant on a dollar basis over the last 4 quarters and you'll see that continue into 2020, all right. If we look at the -- the guidance we've given for Bureau about $102 million, $103 million, with the insight that, remember, half of that is a stand-alone Cloud business, there's a small business payroll product, which is in there for between, say, $10 million and $20 million and then there are the remaining Bureau business, which accounts for the delta. So the reality is that there isn't that much left in the payroll Bureau business. And from a compliance perspective and from a maintenance perspective, it does make sense to have the aggressive end-of-life strategy. 
David Ossip: So the average size of the global accounts is probably a little bit larger than on average than what we see in North America. If we look at the global business, we're obviously very happy. We've seen the growth of that business grow by 150% year-over-year.  In terms of sales cycles, this is quite consistent to what we see in North America. 
David Ossip: Sure. So let's just look at the overall Dayforce business. On an ex float business, Dayforce total revenue accelerated to 37.5%. In the quarter, obviously, up quite dramatically from the 23.2% the year before. If we look at the Dayforce recurring on the ex float basis, a year ago, we were 31.1% and in Q4 of '19, we came in at 32.4%. So an acceleration year-over-year.  On a quarter-over-quarter basis, there are some gives and takes that get a little bit complicated from the 605 to 606 basis. Some of that you can see in, in fact, in effectively in the movement between the Dayforce professional services and as well between the Dayforce recurring. But overall, I would say we are very happy with the Dayforce recurring revenue and the Dayforce total revenue with or without float. 
David Ossip: Yes, sure. So as we've mentioned previously, in terms of 2020, it's largely an investment year when it comes to Dayforce Wallet. If I look at it year-over-year, the investments in the Dayforce Wallets are going to be up almost $9 million, and that's reflected in the EBITDA guidance that we've given. I would expect to see the benefit from that investment dollars really come into more of the 2021 time frame, more so than the 2020. In terms of progress on the Dayforce Wallet, as I've mentioned, we've started implementations for the first group that will be going live just after the end of Q1. The demand for the Dayforce Wallet is exceptionally high, and I would expect us to end the year with several hundred customers live on the Dayforce Wallet. 
David Ossip: Sure. On the Canadian government, it's still too early to tell. As a process perspective, the team is in Ottawa this week doing the final oral presentations, and we'd expect that the government will make a decision on the first half assignment shortly. That, I believe, will be followed by several other task requirements that the government will put out to bid to the 3 qualified vendors, which includes us.  And in terms of Powerpay, remember that last year in Q4, we had about $1 million of processing revenue that usually would have fallen in Q1. So if we look at it from a year-over-year perspective, we had slight growth in the Powerpay business kind of consistent with what we saw in the other quarters in the actual year. In terms of next year, yes, it will be a low single-digit grower. 
David Ossip: So overall, you can see that the average size of the customer has increased quite significantly year-over-year. If I look at the enterprise segment, specifically, the average deal size went up by about 100% year-over-year. In the quarter, we had some significant wins that aren't reflected yet in the revenue numbers. We signed a Tier 1 consulting company with over 60,000 employees. We signed a well-known quick-service restaurant with over 2,400 locations and about 140,000 employees. We signed a number of players in the amusement park industry. One of them with about 50,000 employees in total. So we've obviously done tremendously well in terms of moving up into the market.  When you look at the average deal size, you can see that has gone up. If I look at the average Dayforce revenue per customer, we're up 12% year-over-year. And if you look at the incremental revenue that's been added year-over-year, we're up -- last year in Q4, the average incremental revenue was $156,000 per client, and in this year, we've increased it to $209,000 per client. So going into next year, I would expect that trend to continue. 
David Ossip: So as I mentioned earlier, Dayforce Wallet, which obviously will come into the growth revenue number in 2021. 2020 is largely the investment year. I mentioned that we are investing about an additional $9 million versus last year in the Dayforce Wallet without really seeing the benefits from the Dayforce Wallet in 2020. That begins to reverse in 2021. So you should see the EBITDA margins improving once again as we go into future years.  We remain -- Mark, we remain quite consistent with the long-term guidance that we've given the market, as you pointed out, exceeding $1 billion of revenue in 2021. And as we mentioned throughout 2019, we would expect that the long-term EBITDA margins to exceed 30%, just a little bit lagged up with the $1 billion. 
David Ossip: Well, if we look at it from the total potential, as you know, we move around $300 billion of payroll funds a year, about half of that, say, $150 billion is paid out in net earnings to the employees. As we've discussed previously, we expect to make about 0.8% on all spend on the wallet. So at 100% penetration, you're looking at potentially about $1.2 billion of really top line and bottom line. And obviously, it will take a lot of time to increase the penetration, and we won't reach 100%. But for every 10% penetration, we guess, it's worth about $100 million of revenue.  As we get more days are based on the usage of the wallet once people start using it, we'll start to disclose that. 
David Ossip: So on the professional services, obviously, you saw a tremendous jump in terms of professional services and other revenue. If we look at it year-over-year, Q4 of last year was $29.4 million. In Q4 of '19, it jumped to up by 51% to $44.4 million. That really is reflected in the amount of recurring revenue that we took live in Q4, which was a new record for us as well.  In terms of the profitability on that group, again, also tremendous progress over there. We went from the professional services and other gross margin of being effectively negative 10.6% last year to negative -- sorry, to positive 5.9% this year. So really up really, really nicely. On a go-forward basis, in terms of 2020, I would expect it to be around breakeven. 
David Ossip: So it's a combination of both. If I look at the quick service restaurants, you already are looking at adoption of a lot of our features that we now have inside the platform. In the case of the consulting organization, it's largely a payroll deal that we sold over there. However, if you look at the number of employees, you can see that as the year progressed in 2019, we had bigger and bigger wins when it came to employee populations.  Last year, for example, we would have said a 50,000 employee amusement park would have been a record number. But when I look at the quick service restaurant, you're almost 3x that in terms of the employee headcount. So the answer is it's both. 
David Ossip: It's right across the gamut. We're seeing a relatively large organizations, the small organizations showing a lot of interest. And we're also seeing a uptick across the hourly salary, part-time market as well. I have spoken about this beforehand but in all the studies I've seen publicly in the studies that we've done internally shows that there is -- about 80% of all people really have struggled to bridge their finances, paycheck-to-paycheck and it doesn't really come from being a salaried individual hourly or part timer, it's generally a common pain point across all employees. 
David Ossip: Great. So in terms of Costa Coffee, which obviously, we've discussed previously, the implementation is going very well. I would expect them to go live in the first half of this year. So just in a few months, they should be live. I think they're very happy with the progress of the implementation.  In terms of the move upmarket, yes, if I look at the customer account, we added, Jeremy, 194 customers in Q4 of this year as compared to 253. However, if you look at the number of active users we have on the system now, we're up 800,000 users in 2019 versus the 600,000 employees that we took live in 2018. So we've increased the add-on employees by 20 -- actually, it's more than that. It's 33% year-over-year on a smaller number of customers taken live, right, 645 versus 717. And that's obviously reflected both in the incremental revenue per Dayforce customer, again, that is up 34% to $209,000. It's also reflected in the trailing 12-month Dayforce revenue per customer, which is up by 12% overall. 
David Ossip: So that's actually a great question. So if I look at the -- our EBITDA guidance, for 2020, which, as I said, it's an investment year, there is an additional about $12 million of investment in global as compared to 2019. And that is really reflected not only in the incremental spend in R&D to build out those countries, but also in the sales and operation expenditures to establish in those 2 new countries plus Mauritius, plus as well continuing to grow and invest in the -- our 4 other countries outside of the U.S. and Canada that we're very active in. 
David Ossip: We're pleased with the progress of the RITEQ acquisition. Remember, the RITEQ acquisition had a large component of acquiring very talented people who were expert on workforce management. And we required that expertise to really continue growing our Australia and New Zealand business, with the Dayforce footprint. In -- going forward, the typical global acquisition that we would look for typically would have a payroll component, not only a workforce management component. So it's somewhat different to the RITEQ acquisition. 
David Ossip: Sure. Remember, Kronos, on a global basis really is workforce management. So time and attendance and scheduling. Of which, we've had as well for quite some time. We're active with Dayforce Workforce Management in dozens of countries globally. I do not believe that Kronos has any native payroll capabilities on a global basis, whereas we -- our Dayforce engine at the moment is active in 6 countries at the moment. And when we look at our partnership through the connected pay, we have 7 global partners that gives us coverage in another 157 countries, which accounts for majority of the working population of the world. So I think we're quite differentiated.  In terms of an acquisition strategy, our acquisition strategy effectively would be to acquire companies that have a global presence but have legacy technology and over time, migrate their customers and their salespeople on to the native Dayforce system, which is that all single solution that cuts right across human capital management, including payroll and tax capabilities. 
David Ossip: No, it will take some time to do that. And remember, with the RITEQ customers, their customers are workforce management only. So there's an upsell capability to move them onto the Dayforce platform. But we also are leveraging the RITEQ people, not only for implementation capacity in Australia and New Zealand, but also the R&D resources have been integrated into the Dayforce R&D team. 
David Ossip: Sure. So in the EBITDA guidance, there's probably an additional $25 million that we're investing this year above what we regularly would invest in the business. And if I were to break it out, which I've done on the call today is almost about $9 million of additional expense in the Dayforce Wallet. If I look at the government vertical, there's a little bit over an additional $1 million of R&D effort and investment that we've put into that.  On the global side, as I mentioned, it's above $12 million of additional spend, which is spread between operations, R&D, sales and marketing given that we have 6 active countries or 4 countries outside of U.S. and Canada. We're building another 3 this year as well. And then there is another about $3 million outside that we're also investing in the enterprise side of the business, which is building out certain enterprise-specific features for the industries that we're currently playing, building out the sales and marketing team to go a bit wider and deeper in those particular verticals.  The strategy for this year again, it's an investment year. We -- the intent is to hold EBITDA effectively flat outside of the headwinds that we have in float. We might see, as you mentioned, a slight increase in margins of about 10 to 15 basis points. And then as we go beyond 2021, we'll continue with our trajectory to above 30% long-term EBITDA margin. 
David Ossip: So when we look at services, remember, inside, there are a number of lines. You have professional services, which is services to customers that are already live. You also have activations, which effectively are taking customers live. And then you have clocks, which is a clock hardware that we sell. If we look at the breakdown of Q4 of '19, you'll see that professional services went down in the quarter from 27% to 23%, and we had kind of an increase on activations from 53% to 59% with inside the quarter. And clocks was effectively the same. It went from 20% to 18%. As we go forward, I would expect to continue to see growth on the professional services to customers that are already live continue as that's, obviously, more customers are live, more using the products. So there's an opportunity and the need to sell services to those customers. We'll continue to see increases in activations as we go forward.  So from a dollar basis, you'll continue to see an increase in that. And from a clock basis, that really comes down to the mix of business, and I would expect it to continue a kind of around that 20% range in future Q4 of the year. 
David Ossip: Well, on the sales efficiency, sales and marketing is about 20%. In Q4, it's up about 160 basis points relative to Q4 of '18. That largely was because we had a record sales quarter, and it reflects the commissions that we paid out for those particular deals. I expect that we'll continue to be efficient on our sales and marketing going forward. 
