David Ossip: Yes. So I appreciate the question. Hope you're well. So if you actually did the back of the envelope math and you're assuming that our Powerpay revenue grows, say, anywhere between, say, 2% to 4% for the remainder of the year, you can basically work out that we'll end off the year pretty much close on Dayforce revenue growth around 30%. And given that we're at 28.6% and 28% for the first 2 quarters of the year, it means that we should be seeing a number somewhere, say, between 28% and 29% in Q3, expanding above 30% in Q4. We've also discussed beforehand that when we talk about the modeling of our revenue and the guidance we give to the market, we do a bottom-up approach by taking the accounts that we have already kicked off. In other words, they are currently going through implementation. We have our projected go-live dates for those accounts, and we build up a number from that. So we have a high degree of confidence in the Dayforce growth numbers for the remainder of the year. In other words, just to be clear, we do project, and we have put it in the press release, an acceleration of Dayforce revenue growth in the remainder of the year. 
David Ossip: So I'll start with the first. We now have native capability in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland and Australia. We will have New Zealand for the beginning of next year. In terms of Ireland, we're about to start the go-sell of Ireland payroll, so we should begin to see accounts in the remainder of the year. We've been very pleased with the wins that we've been having in both the U.K. and the Australian market. In the press release, I discussed that we had won a 18,000 -- a U.K. employee customer in the hospitality -- regional hospitality arena. And as well, we won a 13,000-employee organization in Australia. So we're seeing great traction in both of those countries. We believe the model is very repeatable. As we've spoken about beforehand, it takes us about a year or so to build out the native payroll capabilities on the Dayforce platform. We already have the native workforce management capabilities, HR capabilities and talent capabilities. We've already localized the product in close to 30 different languages. And so we believe we can continue expanding the payroll footprint in terms of native capability on a regular basis going forward. 
David Ossip: So let's just look at it from a kind of a non-GAAP basis of actual expenses. We can see that if I go to Q2 of last year, my sales and marketing expense was 15.1%. We have increased that by 180 basis points to 16.9% year-over-year. Again, that's on kind of a non-GAAP basis. I would say we are very pleased with the returns that we're getting. We measure the returns in terms of pipeline growth, which we've seen great pipeline growth for the incremental spend. We've seen, as I've mentioned before, in terms of Q3, Q4, Q1, Q2, we've had very strong sales. So in terms of taking the pipeline and actually translating that into sales, we've been very, very pleased. You'll see continued investments inside the sales and marketing arena.  Now in addition to the increase in spend, we've also discussed beforehand that we've done some internal allocation changes as well where, effectively, we did take out some layers in the sales organization, did an allocation of staff into more direct sellers as opposed to support sales organization. In the enterprise segment, we discussed before we made investments in a number of different verticals, retail and hospitality, financial services, manufacturing, health care, and more recently, we've now started to invest in the government sector as well. 
David Ossip: So we -- as you know, we don't give kind of module counts to the actual market. We do see strong demand for the on-demand features inside the application. In terms of innovation, we believe we are differentiated in that when an employee does a request, we do a same-day pay. So we do not loan the employee money. Instead, we actually pay the employee, which is quite differentiated. And that leverages the continuous calculation engine that we have across payroll and time. I believe that in the long term, that there is a very strong upside to the business through what we can do in terms of the On-Demand Pay and some of the other features that we're building alongside that. 
David Ossip: So I'm not sure where your question came from on the first side, as we're not seeing -- we're only seeing positive trends on the payroll side in the segments that we actually play in. Just to remind you that we typically -- our major market segment begins at around 700 employees and goes to about 6,000 employees. Our enterprise segment starts above 6,000 employees. We obviously have made a little bit of a shift more towards enterprise accounts basically because we didn't have an enterprise segment before they joined us, so there's only upwards to go. In terms of the capabilities of the actual product, we've spoken about it before. It was designed to be global and highly scalable from the very onset. I spoke a bit about before that we built the product to go up and down market on a single code base, which obviously gives us great leverage. And you see that -- if you look at our R&D spend on a cash basis, we come in at about 7.9%, which I would argue, is substantially lower than any other player inside the industry. We are still confident about the market. And as I mentioned, we expect to see an acceleration of Dayforce revenue in the latter half of the year. 
David Ossip: So let me start at the end. We already have had success in government. In the press release, we spoke about a 10,000-employee municipal government that we got inside the actual quarter. In terms of the Government of Canada, let me answer from a number of different aspects. First, we are exceptionally proud that we were a successful bidder for the replacement of the Phoenix payroll system for the Government of Canada employees. What that means is that we have -- we are allowed to bid on what the government terms, the task assignments or the pieces of work that they are going to bid out in the future, and we expect those to start probably over the next 12 months. What the successful bid means to the organization is, first, the government did a extensive evaluation of all of the players in the market. The gates that we had to go through were highly technical and were very comprehensive. They covered all aspects of our capabilities, from a compliance calculations perspective to scalability, security, accessibility, et cetera, and we came through that with flying colors. That gives evidence to the market that we are a very viable player for the large enterprise segment, and as well, we are a very viable player for government organizations, which for us, expands our addressable market. So we're delighted with the progress. And for all of the employees and our partners that are listening to the call, a very big thanks to everyone who's involved. I do believe it is something we should all be very proud of. 
David Ossip: Well, I think you could basically look at it from a perspective of employment numbers in the overall North American and global market. But obviously, it could be a significant expansion to the growth of the business. However, I would caution you that we do not expect to see this to be material for a number of years. 
David Ossip: Exactly. But also, it opens up the possibility of us actually participating in other state and provincial payroll and time projects. As well as I mentioned, it does give us a significant stamp of quality and proof for the large enterprise market. And as well, I think it has validated our technology to many of the big system integrators, which we're also very pleased with. 
David Ossip: Wow, that's quite a question. So let me just start speaking about employee engagement. The belief that we have at Ceridian is that if we take an employee approach first, and we make sure that we have a best environment for our employees in terms of workplace flexibility, equality and fairness, it creates the right environment that optimizes the customer experience. And we've seen evidence about that over the last number of years that I've spoken to, that as you've seen our engagement numbers increase and become best-in-class. We've seen a corresponding increase in our customer satisfaction scores, as measured by NPS. And we're a perfect example of how using our product, Dayforce, to really foster employee engagement, leads to a much better client experience and true business results. And the business results, obviously, you can look at the particular quarter in terms of Dayforce growth of 28%, up on constant currency by about 31%. You've seen a significant improvement in EBITDA, up by about 230 basis points. You've seen the Dayforce recurring. Our numbers go up by 370 basis points. And you've seen a great improvement as well in our professional services gross margin. So we'll maintain a constant focus on employee engagement, making sure that we have a best workplace for our entire team. 
David Ossip: So a lot of it actually comes from going back to the actual base and upselling the actual modules. We believe that the new modules could add a lift of probably low double-digit in terms of ACV growth for the Powerpay business. So we do believe, as I've mentioned before, that we can take the Powerpay business growth rate into the high single digits and aspirationally into the very low double digits over time. 
David Ossip: Well, the -- most of this is public, and the Government of Canada has done kind of a press conference on the actual project, and they've spoken a lot about it publicly. The government is looking for a next-generation pay and HR system to replace the Phoenix system, which has been quite challenged for the approximately 300,000 employees of the Canadian government. The next step, our understanding, is that the government will proceed to pilot in a number of technologies for certain populations and functionality with inside the government. And just given the change management and the data cleansing kind of exercises, we expect that, that would take probably about 1 year, 1.5 years for the government to go through that. At which point, the government will be in a position to do awards of the contract to 1 or multiple of the 3 vendors. 
David Ossip: Yes. So the float balances, on a constant currency basis, are up by 3%. Remember that you've got probably about 1/3 of the float balance or so would be in Canadian dollars. The average float balance is somewhat of a cyclical nature in terms of high and low years, and we are in a slightly lower year as opposed to last year. In terms of the actual yield, at the moment, we're yielding about 240 basis points, 241 basis points, on the actual float. In the guidance numbers, we have assumed that there will be a rate reduction tomorrow in the Fed meeting. And as well, we have also included a second rate reduction later in the year at the next Fed meeting, with inside our actual guidance numbers. 
David Ossip: There are a few pieces. The continuous calculation capability resonates tremendously well as employee population sizes increase. Effectively, the fact that we continue to calculate the net earnings allows the payroll people to access the pay information during the active pay period, which gives them much more time to review the data and make any necessary correction, which yields a much higher and more compliant payroll. So we start with a strength of product.  The second piece is that with Leagh joining the organization about 10 months ago, we changed our go-to-market strategy in the enterprise segment where we started focusing on a number of specific verticals. And for each of those different verticals, we identified and quantified the value that our product delivers with inside that particular industry. And we trained our salespeople and developed the appropriate marketing material to convey that messaging. And we've continued doing that in a much more disciplined approach by bringing on more senior people with very deep domain expertise. We've done that now in each of the different verticals. The most recent one would be inside the government sector where we brought -- where we are bringing on board the chief of staff for the Minister of Innovation in Canada who obviously has very deep domain knowledge about the workings of government organizations, and we believe that he'll be very instrumental in making sure that we convey value correctly to that particular industry. 
David Ossip: So I think you're aware that starting in 2015, we started to expand the product feature set into very rich talent capabilities. Today I believe we have probably the widest platform on the market in terms of full HCM capabilities. We have very successful recruiting. Our recruiting leads to employee onboarding. We have strong performance management, compensation management. Last year, we launched learning management. Related to learning management would be the content delivery for the actual customers, and in time, we do see that as an area we can expand into. 
David Ossip: Yes. If you go to the Apple or the Android store, you'll see the Dayforce Learning mobile app that's now available. We have it as a separate mobile app because of the fact that people often like to go through the content when they're in subways or areas that don't have connectivity. So there's a local data store that we use for those particular apps.  By the way, just speaking on mobile apps, we believe we've now exceeded, I think it is -- is it -- god, I think it's over 1 billion mobile transactions on our native mobile platform over the last -- I think we passed it in the last quarter. So these mobile apps are used constantly. And if you look at our ratings on the Apple store, the Android store, I believe our product ratings are around 4.4, which are very, very strong as well. 
