David Ossip: Thanks, Jeremy. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe during this time of uncertainty. Before we go to Q&A, I want to spend a few minutes on some important points from our stockholder letter. First, we had a strong quarter. Despite COVID-19 headwinds, Dayforce recurring revenue ex float on a constant currency basis grew by 24.2%. In addition, Cloud recurring services gross margin increased by 140 basis points to 70.7%, and excluding float revenue, it expanded by 360 basis points. Second, we continue to see strong demand for Dayforce. Sales in the second quarter increased year-over-year, and it was our best second quarter in our history. Sales momentum and pipeline has accelerated, and we expect sales in the third quarter to also be a record-setting quarter and in line with our pre-COVID-19 growth targets. Third, Dayforce Wallet was launched in the second quarter, and it's going well. We have over 40 customers piloting the Dayforce Wallet and have over 100 more who have signed and are ready for implementation. While it's too early to disclose specific metrics, we are pleased with the product and confident in the business model. I would now like to hand it back to the operator to open the call up for questions. 
David Ossip: Yes. So Mike, let me answer the last question. Yes, it does. The incremental revenue per new client went up by 68% in the quarter. So we're very pleased with that. So I would expect in Q3 to see the trend continue, where the trailing 12-month Dayforce revenue per client will continue to increase. As to the start of your first question, in terms of the number of adds, as you know, it fluctuates quarter-to-quarter. I would look at Q3 and Q4 probably combined, but more so, I would look at the product of the number of adds multiplied by the incremental Dayforce revenue per client, which obviously we would expect to go up. 
David Ossip: As I pointed out, our shift to digital marketing has worked very well for us. We've seen attendance at our virtual summits go up 2x year-over-year. As I mentioned, we're very confident on Q3, and we expect Q3 sales to be in line with our targets that we set at the beginning of the year before COVID began. So there's obviously been an acceleration of sales pipeline and momentum with inside the business. I would say that we're doing quite well competitively. 
David Ossip: So as mentioned in the shareholder letter, clients continue to go live. And obviously, we're very pleased with that. In terms of how bookings translate into revenue, generally, it takes us about 6 to 9 months from time of contract signing before we take the customer live and we start to begin recognizing recurring revenue on those accounts. In terms of the trends that we've seen in the market, I would say that at the very start of COVID, there were -- a lot of companies were distracted in moving to work-from-home environment. And so we saw some delays, and we saw utilization levels go down within the quarter basically in response to that. When I look towards Q3 and Q4, I would say that our implementation and professional servicepeople are working tremendously hard and doing great work. And we're confident they'll get the customers live. 
David Ossip: It's been very sticky. We'll report the retention rates at the end of the year. But we haven't seen any material change or negative change in terms of retention on the Dayforce side. 
