David Ossip: Jesse, nice to speak with you. The launch was fantastic. We're delighted with the initial go-live of the first few customers. In fact, I will be in the U.K. in early September for one of the customer's go-live celebrations. So it appears that they are very happy as well. As I mentioned, we have accelerated some of our HCM summits. We're having one in the U.K. right after Labor Day. And I also mentioned that we've started to increase across sales and marketing, specifically business development executives. These are the people who do the outbound calling to identify opportunities, and we're actively ramping up that team currently in the U.K. And alongside that, we're hiring sellers in the U.K. In terms of how it'll impact revenue, in 2018 and early 2019, it will be minimal. As you can imagine, we have to go through the sales cycle, do the implementations and then activate the accounts. So I would expect to see some impact towards the latter half of next year and into 2020. 
David Ossip: Mark, thanks for the question. We don't report out the number of accounts that we sold in a given quarter. We'll take it under consideration for future quarters. What I can say is we do see a very robust market. 
David Ossip: So Mark, we've announced that we're accelerating Australia, which will be ready in early 2019. There are adjunct markets to both the U.K., such as Ireland and New Zealand, in Australia, which obviously would make a lot of sense. We also have quite an elaborate global strategy that we're now beginning to operationalize. And as we get further along, we'll begin to share a bit more information. 
David Ossip: Mark, we've spoken about this beforehand, we are differentiated in that we are a single application, meaning one database, one user experience and one rule engine, and that allows us to do the continuous calculation, which, as you probably have researched, does differentiate us from the other players inside the market. Generally, it is one of the top reasons that clients select us. That 5,000-employee mortgage company that I spoke about out of Chicago, that would have been their reason for selecting us. And I would imagine that it probably holds true for the other customer wins we had in the quarter. 
David Ossip: Sure. Nice to speak with you, Alex. As I mentioned, we're seeing a robust market. And in prior conversations, I have spoken about that we would not hire ahead of market demand. So the fact that you can see us investing in sales and marketing probably is indicative that we do see a very strong market and strong demand for our types of services. 
David Ossip: So nice question. As Arthur had mentioned, we have increased our revenue guidance, but we've held steady with our EBITDA guidance for the remainder of the year. The fact that we came in above the EBITDA guidance in Q2 can be used to kind of infer what the investment would be in terms of growth initiatives for the remainder of the year. Going into next year, I imagine that we will continue to invest in the growth of the business. 
David Ossip: I would say it's rather constant with prior quarters. We are seeing success across all of the different segments. 
David Ossip: Sure. The investments that we're making are predominantly on the Dayforce side, just given that the majority of our Cloud revenue is Dayforce. However, we are making investments on the Powerpay side. The Powerpay investments are largely around developing more broker relationships, more marketing to get more inbound leads and as well as to increase the headcount slightly in the outbound sellers. Remember that a Powerpay seller is quite different than a Dayforce seller in that those -- these are mostly telesale types of agreements. In terms of the investments that we're making in Dayforce, there are a number. The first piece is we've increased the number of HCM summits that we're doing this year, and I would expect that number to continue growing as we go into next year. These are the 1.5-day events that we typically have, where we bring in prospective customers to a particular location and we have existing customers speak about why they selected us and what their experience has been working with Ceridian, what the implementation was like and what the benefits they've received from the system. And we've been quite successful. The Chicago mortgage company that I spoke about was the output of the Denver summit that we had earlier inside the year. We also are making investments in BDEs. These are the outbound callers who call into organizations to identify active opportunities for HR, payroll, time and attendance, all various HCM types of modules. We are increasing the number of quota-carrying reps, although we did not disclose to the market the number of reps that we have. And as well, we are investing in sales and market -- sorry, we are investing in marketing and alliance programs to obviously also increase the pipeline. 
David Ossip: We -- our biggest competitor for Powerpay is really boxed software, so there's still a tremendous amount of opportunity for Powerpay in Canada. I had talked about this a little bit earlier in the year. In the last number of years, we effectively have taken our -- what at the time was a limited marketing and sales expense and targeted at Dayforce, as we were building up the business. Now that we have a slightly different balance sheet, we are looking at opportunities to accelerate sales for Powerpay in Canada. 
David Ossip: Sure, Mark. A lot of questions inside there. We haven't really broken out the segment of the customers that we've onboarded within the last quarter. I would expect that they are somewhat consistent to what we've seen previously. In terms of success rates, I mentioned before we're having success across segments. Our competitiveness of the product that's differentiated by the continuous calc and the single app is still resonating very well inside the market, and that has allowed us to have many competitive wins. The account in Chicago that I spoke about was a very, very competitive sales process, where we did replace one of our primary competitors. 
David Ossip: So a couple of things over there. We have been going upmarket. So if you go year-over-year comparisons and such, there is a slight difference that there are larger accounts going live as opposed to lots of smaller accounts going live. Q4 in terms of go live is obviously our biggest, and I would expect to see a healthy number of customers going live in Q4. 
David Ossip: So if you actually look at the numbers, we -- the post live service revenue as a percentage of total professional services and other revenue increased from 22% to 29% Q2 to Q2, and that's obviously driving the increase in the margin of that particular group. 
David Ossip: The majority of it is still in North America. However, we are beginning now to ramp up BDE, sales and marketing in both the U.K. and in Australia. 
David Ossip: Great. So those are a few great questions. So the first thing is I'm delighted both that Leagh and Erik are joining the company. We've obviously taken advantage of the IPO to, what I would say, level up the organization. Leagh joins us from SAP, where she most recently was COO of Global Strategic Accounts. And prior to that, she served as COO of EMEA as well as Canada for SAP. She was acting President of Canada for a while. Leagh is exceptionally strong on the growth side. So in terms of sales, marketing, alliances and strategies around that, she has significant experiences in both running large successful sales organizations as well as a lot of experience on the global side. Erik joins us from Thomas Lee. I've worked with Erik now for at least 7 years. Erik was an MD in their operational group, and he and I worked very closely together on the Activate technology that was very successful in terms of reducing cycle times and effort hours for implementation. Erik's responsibilities will be to focus on, if you like, strategic areas of growth for the business. So looking for ways to accelerate the Powerpay business, looking at ways that we can make the global organizations more comprehensive and more robust, with higher levels of services for the organization, looking at various types of biz dev and corp dev activities as well as helping generally across the organization, similar to what he was doing from T.H. Lee in terms of operational excellence. In terms of Paul, Paul has been a fantastic person to work with over the last number of years. Paul will be transitioning into a consulting role post May of 2019, so it's a very gradual transfer. And he will be active in that type of role for around another year. The details of all of the executive changes are on the 8-K that we filed last night. 
David Ossip: So I can answer in broad terms, because we haven't disclosed what the average PEPM is or what the target PEPM is. Obviously, the number is going up as we increase the number of modules that are available to the clients. We also typically sell the full suite when we are in the mid-market, which for us is between around 700 employees and a few thousand employees. And as we're getting more and more success in that particular range, obviously, the average PEPM is going up in that series. In terms of product investments, I mentioned that we are accelerating some of the R&D side. At INSIGHTS this year, which is in October, which is our client conference, we'll be showing success -- or sorry, succession management as well as on-demand pay, both of which will add to the platform. 
David Ossip: I don't have an answer for that. I do believe there are deals that we do not see. And obviously, increasing sales and marketing expenses across the board will allow us to play at more -- to have more at-bats. As we know that our win rates are quite healthy, we're quite confident that by making those investments, we should see growth. 
David Ossip: Well, thank you very much. In closing, we are pleased with our strong performance in the second quarter and our continued positive momentum into the third quarter, which has allowed us to increase our revenue outlook for the year and to accelerate investments in growth initiatives. We remain dedicated to building and to delivering innovative technology that helps make work life better for our customers and their employees.  I would like to thank everyone again for your interest in Ceridian and joining us for the call today. Thank you. 
Arthur Gitajn: Yes, so first of all, Cloud recurring revenue increased year-over-year by $27.2 million or about 35%. As you noted, it was relatively flat sequentially quarter-to-quarter. It was relatively flat last year as well, and it's because there's some seasonality in our revenue. Q1 and Q4 are typically our strongest quarters, as Q1 benefits primarily from tax filing revenue earned in association with W-2 tax forms in the U.S. and also T4 tax forms in Canada. I would point out that Q2 Cloud revenue exceeded the high end of our guidance range by $2.8 million. Professional services and other revenue was $22.1 million, an increase of about 40%. Even if you attribute all of that over-performance to PS and other and subtract the $2.8 million from the $22 million, then our PS and other growth rate would have been roughly half, but we still would have hit the high end of our guidance range. So you can infer that Cloud recurring revenue was in line with our expectations. I would also point out that what we're seeing in this quarter's results and the overall trend that we expect to see reflected in the full year numbers, is that as the customer base matures, and you can see this on Page 31 of the 10-Q, the proportion of our customer base that's been live for more than 2 years has gone from 50% in Q2 2 years ago to 57% in Q2 last year to 61% in the second quarter this year. As the customer base matures, we have the opportunity to go back into our customer base and sell post go-live professional services and additional functionality. And the post go-live services are more profitable than the initial implementation services, and that's contributed to improvement in our margins on PS and other, which have improved from negative 104% to negative 47%. And the incremental hosting and customer support costs when customers buy additional modules is much less, and that contributes to the improvement in gross margin on Cloud recurring services, which increased from 61.5% to 67.7%. And you can also see this reflected in revenue per customer. The average revenue per customer added in Q2 was more than $50,000 compared to the average revenue per customer for all Dayforce customers, which was about $32,000. We believe Dayforce revenue per customer will continue to increase, not only as we continue to attract larger customers, but also as we sell additional functionality into our customer base. 
Arthur Gitajn: The big impact on Powerpay is foreign exchange. The stronger Canadian dollar positively impacted the Powerpay growth rate. Since Powerpay is exclusively a Canadian product and the Canadian dollar strengthened by 4% from CAD 1.34 to USD 1 in Q2 last year to about CAD 1.29 in Q2 this year, Powerpay revenue grew 8.1% on a constant-currency basis compared to 13.2% on a GAAP basis. 
Arthur Gitajn: Again, we saw a contribution -- the migration of Bureau customers to Dayforce was approximately 18% in -- contributed approximately 18% of the increase in Cloud revenue. We've been guiding to about 15% to 20%, and historically, we've seen about 25%. Important to note that even as the impact of migrations declines, we continue to see solid Cloud revenue growth and Dayforce growth, which even on a constant-currency basis, Dayforce grew 40%. 
Arthur Gitajn: Mark, with respect to retention rates, we're only providing those annually, and our Cloud retention rate last year was 97%. We went into the year planning between 95% and 97%, and at this point, we don't see anything that would cause us to rethink those numbers. 
Arthur Gitajn: We're still in the very early stages of planning for next year and beyond. As David's talked about, there is a time lag between investment and when you realize it in revenue, and we want to balance that. But we -- we want to balance the investment and -- but we also see very positive trends in terms of margin expansion. Again, the sale of additional functionality to our existing base and incremental additional modules and the maturity of the customer base, so it's going to be a combination of sort of those 2 factors. But more to come, quarterly, as we continue to develop our plans for next year and beyond, we'll share more in subsequent quarters. 
Arthur Gitajn: It's primarily the -- a larger proportion of the post go-live professional services. That's what's primarily driving the increase in the overall margin. 
Arthur Gitajn: That is the main thing. There's a little bit of additional Dayforce revenue as well, but you're right. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, basically, what we're doing under 606 is you take the fee for the entire arrangement and then you allocate it as between the elements. And the elements here are primarily the PEPM recurring revenue and the professional services and other. Professional services -- so on PEPM, we're deemed to have stand-alone sales price of whatever we sell it; on the services, not. And so really, it's the -- you're allocating from PEPM -- from the recurring revenue to services, based on estimated stand-alone sales price. 
