David Ossip: Mark, thanks very much for that question. And also thank you for highlighting the fact that we've been quite successful on a global basis. As you know this is part of our durable growth strategy. And it's allowed us to be successful this year by quite honestly pivotal into markets where we've still seen robust to purchase it. In terms of overall profitability, our probability as you know is driven by density of features that our customers are buying. We pointed out that about 50% of the new sales are full suite products and we've also had very successful sales back to the base. If you see the NRRs included. When we go back to the base we add obviously additional revenue without really changing the cost basis from support or from a hosting perspective. So a lot of it flows directly down to the bottom-line. The same is true on a global basis. In terms of comparison between global customers and North American customers we would expect to see the same margins on a global basis. Obviously, our sales and marketing costs and some of our P&T costs as we enter new geos would be slightly higher. But as those products reach maturity you will see those normalize as well.
David Ossip: Thanks Samad. Look I think in difficult times it's where you see differentiation in terms of performance across organizations. And as you pointed out the strong gets stronger and the weak get weaker. We've seen our win rates go up quite considerably year-over-year as we find that our messaging which is largely a 12:1 simplification is being heard very well in the market. What the 12:1 refers to again is that we approach organizations and we clearly map out the different applications that make up their overall HR stack. We then work with the prospect to quantify how much they're paying in terms of subscription or licensing fees for each of those 12 different systems. We also quantify how many FTEs they have supporting each of those systems. We do the same for their integration platform the cost of integration the cost of aggregation and data reporting. And then, we show a move to Dayforce, which eliminates integration increases automation, reduces the number of FTEs required to support the system quite dramatically and also reduces the subscription fees that they have to pay for Dayforce versus the 12 different other systems. That message in this particular macro is very well received. From a technology perspective, we are differentiated with our single database and our single application. It's a very clean design for a product and our product capabilities whether it be the compliance modules or the talent modules are very competitive even against the best of breeds in irrespective areas. That allows us to show very well and at the same time, deliver a cash IRR to the actual customers. And that differentiates us in market and I think has led to our success.
David Ossip: So Scott, already the customers can benefit from AI inside our platform. The design of the data within Dayforce is well formed and suited for AI, as well the overall ore experience of our customers is through our hub experience and remember, hub experience is essentially a content management system, designed for the CHR and their team to create really beautiful experiences that render both on the web and across mobile. Because the system is a content management system, we've been able to develop models that allow us to index the content for their respective audience of each of the documents that are uploaded into the hub and to make that available through the copilot in a ChatGPT type of format. And as well when we respond to the actual question by the person we're able to reference, the underlying source document where we actually got the questions from, that's available inside the actual platform and is very powerful and actually shows very, very nicely. At Discovery, this year you'll see Joe highlight where we're going from an AI perspective and it is very exciting. When we compare it to the competitors whether they be the ERPs or whether it be some of the best of breeds, I do believe that we have a strong advantage from an AI perspective that already is reflected in the US that we provide our customers, and allows them to get benefit.
David Ossip: Hey, Siti, nice to speak with you. The forecast for Q3 and Q4 is largely built up by the work in process of the accounts that are currently going through implementation. In the first half of the year we actually came in ahead of our forecast. And so we've got a high degree of confidence that the go-live will go as planned. Typically we hit the go-live forecast and usually actually exceed it. So we aren't concerned about the macro from a perspective of any delays in terms of go-live. In fact we remain very confident on that.
David Ossip: Siti, what I would add is that we've built the company on a very durable growth profile and we remain quite in tune with the overall macro because of the requirements for our particular market is largely driven by the jurisdictions, not by particular organizations or even particular industries. It allows us to pivot as needed to where the market still is quite strong. Year-to-date, we've had a lot of success in industries like hospitality, which I would say is doing very, very well. Obviously, we've also invested quite a lot in public sector over the last number of years, and we're seeing that yield a lot of benefit as you see with the Government of Canada types of deals. And as asked earlier, we also have the ability to pivot on a macro on a global basis to go to where economies are strong and are growing. And I think that's been quite consistent over the last number I suppose six years where there's been quite a lot of challenges if you like at times in the overall economy whether it be COVID come back from COVID et cetera where we've been able to navigate and continue growing the company quite robustly over that period of time.
David Ossip: Yeah, Steve. If you recall last quarter, we spoke about the fact that we felt that we could lift up the sales back to the base. We had an analysis by a consulting group at the end of last year, where as you know, our gross retention rates on clients at 97.1% is by far best in class. However, they did point out from an NRR perspective that we could lift up. So we made some purposeful moves at the end of last year, we brought in a very strong leader for the client base sales. We've built up that team quite substantially. We put in motion programs to basically go back to the actual base to make sure that they're aware of what the capabilities of the actual product are. We've taken the 12:1 simplification message back to the base and that's been quite well too. And we're beginning to see that take traction. It's important for us as we look towards a much longer targets. If we look towards 2021 also, we do believe that we have to get to a 50-50 blend between net new sales and between sales back to the base. When we sell back to the base, as well the profitability profile is quite different than what you see with net new sales. Obviously, the cost of sales is lower so higher sales productivity which I think is very important. Second, because the customer is already live and we already have the cloud environment and we have the support teams around the client. Typically, you get a higher gross margin on recurring on the add-on sales than you do get on net. Second from a client acquisition cost basis from an LTV basis, the profile of add-on sales is obviously very, very good. And even if I look at our net new sales client acquisition costs or LTV numbers where they're fantastic. So it's very much purposeful, which will allow us to hit our longer-term growth and our longer-term profitability and cash flow targets.
David Ossip: Our pipeline remains very strong. If I look at the next four quarters, we're operating at about a 4x coverage, which is very helpful and very healthy and typically above historical targets. When I look at the number of open opportunities that are closed we'll say in the next 120 days, I'll say they're at record levels. So we are seeing still a robust market for us in general. That 12:1 simplification message really does help. We've also had some other tailwinds as well. The branding exercise that we've done and some of the investments we've made on the marketing side begin to take hold. I think that our reputation in industry and you do your field research you'll find the product is very differentiated. If you look at again our client retention rates, if you look at our NPS schools they're by far best-in-class in the industry. If you look at our services, experience that our customers are having we're very proud of that as well. So I think we'll continue to execute quite well in the actual marketplace. And I think you will see us continue to do well as we go into the future.
David Ossip: Yeah, Bhavin, as I mentioned in my script, we saw a nice growth year-over-year in terms of SI prime deals and obviously the involvement of the SIs in the actual deal. We have Steve here with us as well. So let's Steve maybe provide a bit more color.
David Ossip: It's a move up market. If you look at the average revenue from clients up about 18% year-over-year, it's -- I think that is actually quite important. It also reflects that we are now looking towards a long-term blend between sales back to the base and net new sales. Remember we spent a tremendous amount on PNT over the last number of years, building our very robust and very deep talent modules. And so we do see a lot of white space in our existing client base. What I would point out is that, if we look at our overall market share relative to the TAM, we're still very low. Our overall market share is probably just under 3%, so we have still tons of white space in the market to acquire new customers. And it kind of converges, as we get higher depth of module density across our client base, our reputation does go up as well and word does spread. And I think we're operating now with a very good brand in market that we're quite proud of.
David Ossip: We don't run the company from that perspective. And remember, if we add a very large organization with hundreds of thousands of employees, counts as one. If we add a major market account with 1,000 employees, it counts as one. So I wouldn't look at that number quite honestly from any purpose. It is not a number that we look at internally.
David Ossip: Yes, it's been great. We've seen efficiency gains of about 14%, 15% in our customer support organization. I had spoken about this on previous calls that we learned a lot through that and that allowed us to build out the Gen AI capabilities and the Copilot capabilities in the Dayforce product. The area that we focused on from a customer delivery perspective is in line with what we saw in terms of the efficiency of our support department, which is allow the HR departments to load documents into the hub experience index those documents and then allow the Copilot to be used to query those particular documents. So, if you're a client, you could load up a job sharing policy, a maternity policy, and an employee could then ask questions such as, hey, I'm having a baby, when can I take off? How do I get paid? How do I come back, type of thing and the product answers actually very nicely with the reference links. Our expectation is that our customers should see a similar efficiency gain across their HR business partners in terms of handling queries from the actual employees, while at the same time, really drastically improving the overall experience for the frontline workers, the frontline managers, and for the Executives. So, it was actually a very, very good experience. By the way, we actually have now incorporated that same AI tool or into the overall product. So, if you're an admin user, those implementation guides and support guides are part of the document that you're in the audience for. So, you have the ability to ask questions about configuration to the actual Copilot as well. And so that we also believe will further our support organization in that the AI will handle a lot of those questions.
David Ossip: So, Daniel, first of all, we've had a very good year from a Wallet perspective. We believe that Wallet revenue this year will go up by more than 100%. In terms of the EWA kind of legislation, remember that we do not do a payday loan. We're quite unique in industry that any time you add money to the Wallet we do an off-cycle payroll. We generate a pay slip and we do the remittances within 24 hours at the federal and state levels. And that is very different than the other players in the market that typically use a bolt-on technology where it is a payday loan type of construct. We've spoken about this for quite several years that we were very particular in the way that we constructed the Dayforce Wallet so that it would be a true payroll to the employee. When you look at the actual funding mechanism where we effectively lend money to the employers, so the employer can pay the employee when they do an on-demand payroll is very unique. And the fact that we do the remittances in the 24 hours, again, is very unique as well. And lastly, from an employee perspective, it's never a loan situation. Beginning of the period, you can add nothing to your Wallet. If I work eight hours at the end of that shift provided that I've covered all the necessary limits and taxes and garnishments only then, am I able to take out my net earnings. And all of this is actually predicated on that continuous pay engine that we have, whereby any time there's a change to the employee record, a benefit record, a time record, we calculate net earnings. Again, we're the only one in the industry that does that, and that's why we can do it in a compliant and non-payday loan mechanism.
David Ossip: Yes. There are two reasons for that, Raimo, nice to speak with you. The first, as you know, we're the leader in terms of global compliance. And in our target market, which again remember is in the mid to the large enterprise space, almost all of our customers are global in nature. So when we talk about sales back to the base, a lot of that actually is expansion into new geos. And that's quite different than most of the other players in the market. The second is remember, Joe joined the organization probably about three-plus years ago, with a focus on really lifting up our talent capabilities. And we're now seeing that our talent capability being best in class. Again, we're in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for organizations that are more than 1,000 employees for HCM, so for the talent components. We have a lot of white space in our 6,700 or so customers that are live. And again, bringing in a very strong leader to go back to the actual client base and having really a product marketing and branding strategy around that, has allowed us to start selling back to the base. And that's a new motion for us. So in that regard, we are on an early cycle. Now when I talk about the actual ERPs, what I think is happening in market is, I think the ERPs have sold a lot of shelfware. And so when they are hitting their renewals, they may be seeing lower renewal rates. I don't think it is lowering employee accounts, because we are not seeing that.
David Ossip: Jared, I would say, if you look at the guide for the second half of the year, you see strength in the remainder of the half especially in Q4 and that's a setup for obviously Q1.
David Ossip: So we don't actually provide numbers as to the actual number of sellers. But what I can say is, we're obviously very happy with the build-out of the sales team. We continue to strengthen the leadership with inside that sales team. We're quite happy with the sales productivity as well. Obviously the results speak for themselves as well. Sales has been good year-to-date. As I often comment during the earnings call, the first month of Q3 has also come in quite well too.
David Ossip: Just thank you everyone for joining us today. I look forward to speaking with the rest -- with many of you over the next few hours. Thanks again.
Jeremy Johnson: Yes. Look, I think first and foremost we're excited about continuing to build that partnership with the Government of Canada and help them modernize their payroll. As I said on the call, specifically, we signed a contract for about US$60 million with the government of Canada to expand testing and design to their specific needs about a-quarter of that was for software subscription beginning what we expect to be assuming we can execute which we have confidence in April of 2025. So the remainder of that would be for professional services work. That's more ongoing type work that we have been continuing to do with the government across both us and our partners already largely contemplated in our guidance, but we'll continue throughout that term as well.
Jeremy Johnson: Yeah. Thanks Samad. It's good to hear from you. Look I'll go back to the point that, I made frequently. And it's around the level of visibility we have into our numbers. We've got confidence in our guidance ranges and we performed consistently against them since our IPO. And quarterly differences between last year and this year can cause growth rates to bounce around a little bit. Factors can include timing of go lives the amount of year-end services fees in Q1. We've got wallet revenue. And obviously, we have to do all the revenue accounting that we're required to do among many other things. But we're performing well. Our results are strong and we have a great amount of confidence into that visibility that we have in both Q3 and Q4 and expect to be able to achieve the guidance that we've set out.
Jeremy Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Scott. Look, first and foremost, I think I want to acknowledge the fact that we have made some really significant strides in free cash flow improvement over the last few years and we still have room to go. If you go back to two years ago I think our free cash flow margin was only a couple of percentage points and now we're actually heading towards something around 10% if you kind of do the math that we're laying out, which is going from our adjusted EBITDA margin at around 55% plus kind of upper 50% conversion rate into operating cash flow with capital expenditures remaining relatively constant on a dollar basis year-over-year. And then I will get you to kind of our expectations anyways on free cash flow. So it's pretty significant improvement in margin. Now a lot of that has been driven by our overall improvements in profitability. And the rest of it is and that will continue I should say, Scott. But we do think we can improve that conversion from kind of adjusted EBITDA into free cash flow with some balance sheet optimization and you're going to see us continue to push on things like DSO to really focus on cash as an operating metric and operate as if we're truly running this business on a cash basis, which is something that I think is a muscle we're building out here at Dayforce and I'm excited to lead the charge there. So I think we've got some really nice things happening. Q2 was a really nice quarter from an operating cash flow and a free cash flow perspective. And you can see that reflected in our SEC filings that it's going to be an area of focus for us in the future and free cash flow and that's not going to change.
Jeremy Johnson: Yes. And maybe just to answer your second question on some of the more macro things we're seeing here. Employment levels really it's a fluid picture right now with some pockets of strength in industries and segments that we have success in. We also have some pockets of weakness but it's ultimately resulting in an overall picture that is kind of in line with our expectations, which is flat employment levels year-over-year. Collectively, I think our view on Dayforce and not the overall economy, but we believe it should kind of remain steady from where we're seeing things right now and we're definitely optimistic on limited downside.
Jeremy Johnson: Thanks Bhavin. Look it's the first time we talked about this here, so I do want to highlight the fact that we did announce this $500 million share repurchase program. I think there's a couple of goals to this. One is obviously reducing the impact of future share dilution from employee stock issuances. And the second is that to capitalize on what we believe are currently undervalued shares. And you'll see us be opportunistic in the market on that front. We plan to execute those share repurchases through over market transactions. And ultimately this increasing free cash flow that we're seeing is behind a lot of this. I think when you think about how we plan to deploy our capital in the future, it still will remain to be kind of opportunistic M&A pipeline where we see deals that make sense to our business and that's either to kind of expand our platform like we've done in the past or kind of to expand our TAM and go global -- more global or in more adjacent markets. The other option obviously is to return shares to our capital to shareholders. And I think this is a really nice way to start doing that. And you'll see us kind of balance all of those in our capital allocation.
Jeremy Johnson: Yes. Thanks Raimo. Look, we -- today we think the shares are undervalued and we'll continue to monitor that and be opportunistic with how we buy back. Maybe make a point about us being comfortable with debt as well, right? And we, obviously, have debt obligations. We have been a levered company. We've maintained our ability to manage against gross and net leverage targets. And you'll continue to see us use debt financing in general in this business to fund both M&A and any kind of organic and inorganic opportunities that we see. So, you're going to see us look at share buybacks, kind of M&A, organic growth and utilize -- continue to utilize debt financing in our overall capital allocation. And I think we're going to take a nice balanced approach, but be opportunistic when we believe our shares are undervalued which we think they are today.
