David Ossip: Alex, thanks for joining us this morning. Thanks for the compliments. In terms of Leagh, as you know, Leagh joined us from SAP, where most recently she was global CEO of strategic accounts. When we look at the future growth of the business, we'll continue doing very well in disrupting the HCM market in the current segments that we have been very successful. With Leagh as well, we'll have more of a focus now on what we term strategic accounts, which are accounts that are toward the larger side, and that requires a slightly different approach to market in terms of how we market, how we approach the customers, how we cultivate the actual account.  Along with that, we will accelerate hiring in that particular segment in terms of sales and marketing support. In addition, we are also focused on growing the business from a global basis. And so you will see additional headcount in both the U.K. and in Australia as we look to expand. In terms of how we'll increase the headcount, it will be gradual increases of headcount. We don't provide sales headcount numbers to the marketplace. I don't expect that you'll see any dramatics changes in the sales and marketing expenses. 
David Ossip: So the On-Demand Pay will be released in early 2019. In terms of win rates and in terms of the competitive environment, it remains largely unchanged. 
David Ossip: At INSIGHTS, we announced quite a few new products. Available already is succession management. That follows learning management and compensation management, which are also added in effectively 2018. The adding of additional modules allows us to effectively increase our target pattern for employee per month pricing, and it also provides us with an opportunity to go back to the account that are already live and provide add-on sales.  In terms of the on-demand pricing, we haven't released pricing to the market yet. But yes, I do believe that it will give us an opportunity to increase revenue from existing and from future accounts. And as well, it should increase our competitiveness in the marketplace as we are the first to offer on-demand pay calculated on a continuous calculation of payroll. In other words, we know precisely what people are -- have earned, and we allow them now to access those wages. 
David Ossip: Mark, If I could just add to that. With Activate, we are now using the product in all segments of the market. If you recall, we introduced the product originally for the small- and medium-sized segments. The product's now been expanded to handle the larger accounts as well.  And another benefit of Activate beyond the reduced cycle times and the reduction in effort is that we get consistent configuration of customers. And that makes it easier for us to support the accounts, and it has been very helpful in driving an increase in the improvement in the gross margin of recurring. 
David Ossip: So Brad, it's really consistent, I'll say, with prior quarters that in any quarter, approximately 20% of the ACV or sales tends to be add-on sales to customers that are already live. And in terms of the target PEPM pricing or the realized pricing that we're seeing, at say, the 1,000-employee firm level, it appears to be around $20 to $25. 
David Ossip: Brad, just on that again, I remember that the gross margin on professional services and other consists really of 3-line items: You have the services related to activation of the account, which currently sits, I believe, at around 52% of that line item. You have professional services to customers that are already live, and that currently is now 29%; and then you have effectively a clock, which are the time and attendance readers that we sell, which is currently about 18%.  What's driving the improvement in professional services and other gross margin is the shift in mix. Last year in Q3, the professional services, which is again the services to customers that are already live, was 19%. This year, it is now 29%. And as that percentage continues to grow, the overall margin of professional services and other gross margin will continue to improve. 
David Ossip: So Raimo, thanks for that. Again, the business today is -- the majority of the business today is the Cloud revenue. As of Q3 of 2018, 74% of our revenue is now Cloud. In terms of migrations from the Bureau, it is with inside the range of that we gave -- that we spoke about at the end of last year, which is at 15% to 20%. I think we came in, I believe, at 18.7% in this particular quarter. 
David Ossip: In terms of accelerating migrations, we are more focused on acquiring new customers, as we always have. As you know, always around 75% of our Dayforce accounts have been net-new account or add-on sales to existing Dayforce accounts. The Bureau will continue to decline, as we've mentioned, until it reaches about $100 million or so. And that point, we expect that the decline will basically flatten out. Because inside that line item, we have the stand-alone tax business and a few other businesses. 
David Ossip: Sure. But already, the timing of payments and et cetera, also kind of fluctuates towards the end of the quarter as well. But again, as I mentioned, about $2 million of the beat of the Q3 EBITDA overperformance was due to the movement of expenses between Q3 and Q4. But even with that movement, and with the additional approved $2 million of expenses, we did increase our EBITDA guidance for the year. 
David Ossip: So Mark, thanks again. As I mentioned, about 20% of each quarter's sales are add-on sales to the existing base. As well, we are -- we generally do see an uptick in the realized PEPM that we're able to get from the actual marketplace. We launched the modules, which were conversation management and learning management towards the, I would say, the middle of the year. So we haven't yet had enough data to kind of reflect back as to what the new realized price is for the market. But I would expect it to go up year-over-year and into the future as well. 
David Ossip: So Mark, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we still see a very strong demand for Dayforce product in the marketplace. And as well, some of the additional $2 million of expenses that we preapproved for Q4 has to do with sales bonuses and commissions, which are, obviously, tied to sales. 
David Ossip: So if I look at the actual add-on based on our live Dayforce customers, it effectively seems to hover between a range of about 130 to about 200 customers on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So if I look at Q3, we added 157, Q2 was 154, Q1 was 153, Q4 was 146 and so on. The amount of revenue that we activate is driven by the number of customers, but there's also the average size of customer. And we have seen the average size of customer go up year-over-year. In terms of Q4, as I mentioned, we -- part of the $2 million of additional expenses is tied to implementation expenses related to the activation or taking live of the record number of customers in Q4. So we would expect, obviously, to see positive numbers coming out of that group. 
David Ossip: Again, let me try to be clear. So within Q3, we beat the high end of our EBITDA adjusted guidance by about $4.5 million. Two, about $2 million of that beat was a timing difference, so you can effectively take down the Q4 number we gave out previously by that $2 million. And then in addition, we have preapproved expenses of an additional $2 million related to sales, bonuses, commissions, implementation expenses related to the activation of the accounts in Q4. We've added an additional summit that will be held in December in Orlando, and we're also continuing to hire in the sales function. So if you take the $2 million of timing, if you take the $2 million of additional preapproved expense, that amounts to $4 million. And that's basically what we've taken out of the Q4 number. But even with that, we have increased our adjusted EBITDA guidance for the year. 
David Ossip: Sure. So in terms of growth, obviously, the short-term growth comes from continuing to disrupt our existing markets in a way that we've been doing over the last number of years. In terms of, I would say, late '19 -- or early '20 growth, that's going to be driven, I would suspect, from the movement into strategic accounts. And on the global side, that is more longer-term growth as the lead time, if you like, is slightly longer. And so you'll start to see that in late 2020 and late 2021 -- going into 2021. 
David Ossip: So Richard, the on-demand pay functionality that we announced at INSIGHTS allows us to provide a unique service to the gig economy, where effectively, people can clock in, clock off with their mobile devices. And as their shifts get approved, we can calculate the net earnings, net of all the deductions, et cetera, and we can facilitate payment immediately to a digital wallet for them. So that's the first piece from our product side. And we believe we're quite unique in that regard, that we have this continuous calculation. Any time you clock in, clock out, modify any part of the HR record, we recalculate the net earnings. And that's unique to us.  The second area we see the rise of the gig economy is that we see more demand from staffing companies, particularly in the human services businesses. So you typically see a nurse company, where they provide either on-demand nurse staff or they might provide a short-term nurse staff, say, for a week or up to, say, a few months. And we, obviously, participate in that as well. 
David Ossip: So Richard, that's a good question. Look, I think people have to move away from the word AI because it's not -- the technology is not there at the moment. In terms of predictive technologies, the tech that exists today is really around machine learning and possibly some deep learning. Most of the advances have been in image recognition, so you'll see areas like voice recognition and such, gaining a lot of traction, a lot of improvement year-over-year. Within Dayforce, we have a Dayforce assist, which we now have customers using, which is our voice tech, which allows employees to basically say, hey, Google; or hey, Cortana; or hey, Siri; or hey, Alexa; ask Dayforce when I'm next scheduled to work. Sorry, that's not great. Sorry about that. I have no idea how to turn that off. Sorry about that. Right. But we've got the Dayforce voice activated quite nicely.  We also use ML quite a bit in -- or predictive models, if you like, to determine where people might be at risk of leaving an organization. We don't go into the area of trying to make decisions about people using ML tech because we don't see any empirical evidence by any of the tech out there that justifies that. And we, obviously, do a lot of research and a lot of lab types of programs around that sort of tech. We also use predictive tech quite a bit in the support functions, so we continually mine the usage data of our clients' data or how people are using the application. And we're able to use that to predict when we should call a customer to resolve a support item before it becomes a support issue. And that's been quite well received by our customers, and we've seen increases in NPS scores and such from that.  And the other area that we use kind of -- other areas where we use a lot of predictive tech, one has to do with the deployment of labor, where we're able to look at a past data, predict out when people are required, and then use various types of algorithms to help managers position labor that's really aligned to the objective and the strategies of the company. We do the same thing in compensation management, where we're able to look at data for a team, understand if there's any gender or diversity bias or such inside a particular group, look at our now market compensation data by locality, again, to determine if there are some adjustments. And then we're able to give the managers a starting worksheet that helps move people's salary ranges in terms of merit and bonus to align with the strategic objectives, again, of the actual company.  So for us kind of use of predictive tech is very well embedded inside the product. It has been from the very outset of Dayforce. We continue to look at the advances in kind of ML and deep learning and other types of predictive techs, but we're quite pragmatic about using the technology in a way that there is strong evidence. 
David Ossip: So what -- let me just take that. So in terms of the summit, you'll see a similar type of cadence to what we've done in the latter half of this year. So just to put it in perspective, we had a summit in New York, I believe, in June. We then had an event in Chicago. We had another summit in London. We then followed that with INSIGHTS, it's for our customer conference in October. And we are going to have another summit now in December in Orlando. So the cadence seems to be about 1 about every, I suppose, 2 months or so that we seem to have a summit. And I think that's probably the pace that you'll see in terms of summits. So you could kind of model out what we've spent I suppose in the second half of this year. And it'll be something similar like that going forward.  In terms of PEPM pricing, as I mentioned beforehand, we expect that the realized PEPM to go up over time. But we haven't really provided new guidance numbers for that. 
David Ossip: It's similar to the prior feature. Depending on the module that we're rolling out, it could be anything from $1 to a few dollars per employee per month. 
Arthur Gitajn: Yes. We haven't projected it out. Certainly, the productivity improvements in implementation, including Activate and also the experience of our consulting organization, helps us increase the efficiency with which we're bringing customers live. And again, it's evidenced by the reduction in the negative margin on professional services and other. 
Arthur Gitajn: Actually, next year, with -- as we adopt ASC 606, under ASC 606, our margin on professional services would be minus 14%. So we're very -- we'd be very close to breakeven already. 
Arthur Gitajn: Raimo, I would also add that even though we saw a little bit of an uptick in Q3, over the first 9 months, when you exclude the impact of migrations, Bureau revenue declined 11%. And then just for comparison, the decline last year, excluding migrations, was about 10%. The decline the year before, excluding migrations, was about 11%. So again, I think we're in line. 
Arthur Gitajn: A lot of the timing has to do with headcount. When you hire headcount at the end of a quarter, you get a much bigger full quarter impact in Q4. 
Arthur Gitajn: So we're assuming no further erosion, no further weakening right now in the Canadian dollar. And so you'd have a little bit of a headwind in Q4 as a result of the year-over-year exchange. What we're assuming -- well, is that we would maintain where we are today in terms of exchange rates. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, again, I'd just point out that Cloud revenue actually increased sequentially from $127.8 million in Q2 to $133 million on a -- and on a constant-currency basis, Cloud revenue grew 31.3%. Over time, as your base of revenue gets larger, even with the increasing dollar value, the math will affect your percentage. But it's become so commonplace, we take it for granted. Even with the effects of the weakening Canadian dollar, we've set new records for Dayforce and Cloud revenue each and every quarter for the last 7 quarters. And we will, by all -- by our expectations, we're going to set new records again in Q4. 
Arthur Gitajn: The average trailing 12-months revenue per Dayforce customer in Q3 was $118,000, which is an increase of about $15,000 or 15% compared to $103,000 to the trailing 12 months in Q3 2017. And as David said, that's a combination of both increased size of customer and increased product density. 
Arthur Gitajn: It's factoring in ASC 606. And again, when we originally implement ASC 606 next -- in the first quarter of next year, we'll be restating all of the comparable prior period numbers to give you apples-and-apples comparisons. 
