Matthew Wells: Hello, and welcome to Ceridian's third quarter 2022 Earnings Conference call, I'm. Matt Wells, Senior Director of Investor Relations, and on the call today. We have our Co-CEOs, David Ossip and Leagh Turner and our CFO Noemie Heuland. [Operator Instructions]  Before I hand the call over to David. I want to remind everyone that our commentary may include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Ceridian's results to differ materially from historical experience or present expectations. A description of some of these risks and uncertainties can be found in the reports we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as the cautionary statements in our filings.  Additionally, over the course of this call, we will reference non-GAAP measures to describe our performance. Please review our earnings press release and filings with the SEC for our rationale behind the use of non-GAAP measures and for a full reconciliation of these GAAP to non-GAAP metrics. Both our earnings press release and SEC filings are available on the Ceridian Investor Relations website. As a final note, A replay of this call will also be available on our Investor Relations website. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Matthew Wells: Our next question comes from Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. We'll take our next question from Matthew Pfau of William Blair. 
Matthew Wells: Our next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo. Our next question comes from Alex Zukin of Wolfe. 
Noemie Heuland: Thank you, Leagh. I'd like to provide additional color on our third quarter performance and full year guidance, which is detailed in the press release published on our Investor Relations website. As David highlighted, our third quarter performance exceeded guidance across all revenue and profitability metrics despite approximately 200 basis points of FX headwinds to growth. Notably, at constant currency, Dayforce recurring revenue, excluding float, grew 27%. Cloud revenue grew 28%, and total revenue grew 25%.  Adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.1%, exceeded our guidance range driven by revenue upside in the quarter as well as operational efficiencies and as illustrated by our adjusted cloud recurring gross margin of 74.8%, an expansion of 50 basis points. Third quarter operating cash flow of $52.1 million doubled versus last year, driven in part by operating margin expansion and float benefits. Turning to updated fiscal year 2022 guidance. I want to reiterate that our growth is impacted by additional FX headwinds driven by a stronger U.S. dollar compared to what we previously anticipated. However, on a constant currency basis, we are raising the midpoint and narrowing our full year guidance range across all revenue metrics. For the full year, we now expect Dayforce recurring revenue ex float growth of 27% to 27.5%, Cloud revenue growth of 26% and total revenue growth of 23% at constant currency. In reviewing Q4, I want to note that FX impact in the quarter is the greatest we've experienced year-to-date. On average, these FX headwinds impact our growth metrics by 300 to 400 basis points. Now the last point I want to make is we're raising our fiscal year 2022 adjusted EBITDA guidance to reflect revised float assumptions and flow-through of profitability upside in Q3, partially offset by increased sales and marketing spend in Q4, historically, our largest sales quarter. At the midpoint, full year adjusted EBITDA guidance margin of 19% represents a significant improvement year-over-year. As said before, we are committed to investing for future growth while continuing to drive scale and efficiencies across the organization. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Matt to open it for Q&A. 
Noemie Heuland: Maybe a couple of other things on the Q4 guidance for revenue specifically. We have -- now we're not expecting to grow 18% to 19% at constant currency. As you noted, there's a bit of FX headwinds on a GAAP basis of about $5.7 million versus our previous guidance. On Dayforce recurring ex float, we maintained our 23% to 24% guidance range at constant currency. So that hasn't really changed from last time we issued guidance. Remember, in the second half of 2021, we had some employment level recovery from COVID, which gave us a little bit of a boost. So the good compare on the second half is a difficult one, but we're maintaining our growth rates for Dayforce recurring at slow. We're expecting a bit of float upside as a result of the continued sustained interest rate environment, which we've reflected in our top line guidance. . And the other lines, David touched on them. The other thing I would say is Powerpay is still expected to decline single digit, but primarily due to FX headwinds. The core business on Powerpay is holding very well. We actually had a strong performance in Q3, and we'll continue to maintain that throughout the end of the year. 
Noemie Heuland: The only other thing I would add is that we aren't constrained either. So we spent the last couple of years as you well know, building out an SI ecosystem. And so there are far more hands in the market to be able to bring our customers live. 
Noemie Heuland: As you know, we're having -- we just talked about our Insights Conference that we're hosting next week. So that's definitely part of the investments we're making in Q4. We're also increasing, obviously, our travel capabilities for our sellers and implementation teams because we want them in the field talking to customers in the fourth quarter, which is our historically largest quarter.  So there's a little bit of incremental travel as well, which was expected and which we're supporting fully. So those are the main items. But the rest in terms of adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year, we're flowing through the excess profitability from Q3 and the additional float upside, and we're continuing to make investments to fuel our largest sales quarter. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. We're assuming the current rate environment that you're referring specifically to the recent Fed rate hike that's actually embedded. But remember, because our portfolio is laddered and we have half of it invested in core, the effect will be throughout 2023 and beyond. And so that's -- the float guidance embeds the current rate environment and continued ladder of our portfolio. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes, it's a great question. Why don't I grab it and just say, you're right. First of all, I think it was 12,000 employees. I believe there were 315 locations, 12 countries. We replaced 35 separate disparate solutions across to your point, 50 unique operating companies. And yes, it was a full suite, and it was deployed by a partner.  And you asked I think the subtext is, are our partners capable of doing that? And the answer is, yes, they are. And the partner who did this deployment is actually a long-standing partner. They've been with us for some time. They would be on the further end of the learning curve. So this isn't a brand-new partner to our ecosystem, and they were able to bring that customer live successfully in record time. The question is, is there more of those out there? And the answer is yes, many. And you can imagine that it's our ambition, as you well know, over the course of the next couple of years to shift significantly in that direction. And so what we're doing in many cases, is we're solving in other partners into our projects in order to be able to learn and develop at rapid speed so that we can do even more of that over time. 
David Ossip: Retention has -- it's quite good. We're fully staffed. Sales productivity is up, as Leagh pointed out significantly over the last 2 years. 
David Ossip: Well, again, Siti, thanks for that. Remember, this has been a journey over the last 3, 4 years, starting with the restructuring of the sales force, building out quite an extensive part in network and obviously, proving to the market through successful deployments that the technology can scale to very large organizations. Our global footprint has also helped differentiate us relative to the other players inside the actual market. So I'd say the combination of those 4 things are coming together, and we're seeing continued traction quarter-over-quarter into the very large enterprise. 
David Ossip: Sure. Well, we have a -- the large accounting firm that actually will go live in quarter, I believe, which is actually quite successful. So a very quick deployment of probably it must be about 7 or 8 months or well over 50,000 people. And as you know, we've had quite a few of those going line about the same time period for that. We do expect a strong go-live quarter inside Q4. And from a sales perspective, it's also our largest quarter, and we're expecting another successful sales quarter as well. 
David Ossip: Sure. We're quite focused as you've heard us speak about this over the last number of quarters. Firstly, we're committed to taking the cloud recurring gross margin from the 74.8% where it is currently to 80% by 2026. The areas that it's coming from as Leagh pointed out, we've seen efficiencies on the customer support and on the operational side coming from having more robust software and better processes in place. She actually mentioned that the number of support calls coming in is actually at a record low. Even though we've had many more customers live, which is one example. We've obviously used a lot of automation and technology to get to that particular type of point. . On the actual sales and marketing side, P&T side, the goal [indiscernible] to hold them relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we continue to expand. And a lot of the actual margin comes from 2 trends of recurring. The first is every year, as you know, the percentage of total revenue that comes from recurring revenue goes up by about 1%. And the second part that happens is the percentage of recurring revenue that come from Cloud versus the Bureau side. Recall that the Cloud has a 74.8% margin, and the Bureau currently has got a 61% margin. As that shifts more towards the Cloud recurring side, it lifts up the overall recurring margin of the actual business. By 2026, we expect that movement to be quite significant, and that drives quite a lot of the improvements. 
David Ossip: Our businesses are highly plannable business, as you can see by our guidance for the second half of the year as Noemie spoke about that when we expect about the Q2 results, we said we would grow, the Dayforce recurring by about 25% in the second half, and it remains the same. So we get tremendous visibility, which means we can also control the business quite well. And so if there is a slowdown, which, again, we don't see that in any of the trends in the market, in the pipeline, the buying decisions to go live, et cetera. But if it yes, we can obviously improve the profitability quicker.  And if you recall, if you go back to Q1, you saw us not being shy about making operational changes to drive efficiencies. And furthermore, if you go back to the acquisitions that we did in APJ in Asia, part of our thesis was that we could leverage the global footprint of those organizations to drive efficiency through our business. And we are doing that, whether it be on the product and technology side, the customer support side, the implementation side, finance, G&A, et cetera, we're taking advantage of the lower footprint -- cost footprint in those offices. 
David Ossip: I think it's a constant stream. If I compare it, we've effectively got about 500, 600 accounts in backlog for go live. And so it's just a matter of activating those particular accounts. And then once we do that, there's a bit of a time when we go from taking them live until we get the registrations and the active card users for each of the different clients. When I look at it, we do probably around 700 to 800 registrations on an employee basis per day, and that has been somewhat constant over the last little while. 
David Ossip: So Mark, a few things. Wallet today has become really the same as modern payroll that I don't think there's any organization out there that's looking for a modern payroll system that doesn't expect to have Wallet embedded in the solution. From a financial wellness perspective, it is definitely a huge benefit to people through the flexibility that the Wallet provides, especially that given that we do not charge the employees any fees to use the Wallet in North America that is paid through the interchange. The benefit that we've seen from a quantifiable value perspective for our customers is that the voluntary attrition rates have improved by more than 20% at those organizations that have rolled out the Wallet which is a tremendous savings to those organizations and cost between $5,000 to $10,000 to replace a person at a typical organization.  So a huge savings, if you can say, hundreds of not thousands of people leaving our organization. We're seeing very, very high attachment rates on to new payroll customers and I don't expect that to change. 
David Ossip: From the onset of the Dayforce, the goal always has been to make every employees think like a CFO. So very much a strong, strong focus on return on investment to our customers. In an economy where people may be nervous or more focused on cost and efficiency. Our messaging really resonate nicely. Because as you know, we ranked #1 for payroll, #1 for client compliance by Gartner. We have I believe the fastest return on investment in market, which our customers have spoken about, I think Forrester and others have done case studies on that as well. So our messaging resonates very, very nicely. We've become quite efficient on the implementation side. Earlier [ day, I ] mentioned that one of the large accounting firms, probably the leader in the world when it comes to taxes and such, is going live, I believe, with the product in Q4, and that I believe was the Q1 sale. So you're talking about [ $100 ] a year in terms of go live and obviously, tremendous complexity around that. So I do believe that our customers will continue with the implementations will continue to take in life because of the savings that we're able to get from our system. And in addition, the compliance side does lower their liability and payroll and workforce compliance and HR compliant today are becoming more and more difficult. 
David Ossip: [indiscernible] answer the question, we ended off Q3 with the float balance of -- sorry, of a rate of 2.19%, and we would expect it to be about 2.7% in the fourth quarter. 
David Ossip: So that's a few things. First pandemic world is much more global than it was beforehand. The work from here is now quickly becoming work from anywhere. And so we're finding the requirement for global capabilities to be greater than before. And there isn't anyone else really in market that has a single system where you can handle the construct of a global employee record with native payroll capability native workforce management capability built into the actual product. And so that's driving a lot of the decisions that we see on the enterprise side where customers are coming to us because I don't think there are other really viable solutions in market. In the majors market, which goes for us up to 3,500 employees and even the enterprise space, which goes up to 10,000 employees. There is a significant cost savings when you move to a single application because you don't have to pay for the database, the infrastructure, the employee record across each of the different modules that all come together. So there's tremendous efficiencies just from a subscription payment perspective. And then from an operation of the system, it's obviously much more efficient and much more natural for people to use it. And I think that's driving a lot of the decisions inside the market.  And then finally, we always have been the strongest in compliance. And in many cases, customers come to us because they've had issues with other vendors in the space about paying people accurately. And we obviously do that very well. In fact, that inside is one of the features that Joe's going to show is now an add-on to the employee hardware there is a compliance dashboard, that provides information by jurisdiction about what the changes are in terms of compliance and payments requirements and such. So I think that's a very big part of it. 
David Ossip: There's been no change. In terms of M&A strategy, obviously, I think there's still a bit of a lag between the expectations of privately held companies versus the public markets. And we don't have any burning buyers we have to jump on. So we're quite patient to wait and see what comes out. Areas that we always see or inquisitive would be around the DAC countries into the Nordics, where we have a bit of white space at the moment. We all, by the way, launching German payroll in 2023, and we have a huge backlog of customers for the German payroll, which is actually quite exciting. 
David Ossip: No, there's no change. we've been quite focused, as you know, on what -- when we look towards 2026, we see about $2 billion of top line, [ 8% ] recurring margins and about 30% EBITDA. We also believe that operating cash flow will be very close to the EBITDA numbers, adjusted EBITDA number as well. . Regarding float, we invest the float in a AAA-rated fund, which means that we are quite limited in the types of securities that we can invest in. It's largely government and AAA-rated corps and there are certain rules around the amount of levering that you can do as well.  We put about 50% of the balances into a liquidity portfolio. And there, we typically get the overnight. And the other 50% goes into a portfolio that we typically lever out about 2.5 years. And so it gives us -- this is a little bit of time before we get the full impact of the raise of the interest rates. But if they do come down, which I expect they will come down at some point, it takes longer for that to actually kind of wind down as well. The rates that we're in at the moment, I would call that more than normalized rate environment. quite similar to prior to 2008. So -- and it's always been part of the operating model, if you like, of our type of business.  In terms of investments, we continually invest heavily in product and technology. If you look at the year-over-year investment growth that we've made in products you can actually see what we're actually delivering from that investment as well. Sales and marketing, we continue to invest in sellers. Q4, we have the investment in our Insights Conference, which is probably about a $6 million investment in that particular event alone. But we're very mindful of making sure that we do get return on all the  investments. 
David Ossip: So coming out of the pandemic, you had the increase in attrition rates across clients. So it became more important to have things like succession planning, our property outline and have proper strategies around that. There was more of a movement, as I mentioned, more global workforces. And so finding an HR system that could manage a global workforce and report on that. Analytics became very important. Because all of a sudden, you had to think about did you have enough people to handle the capacity that you were trying to put through your business? And without having metrics around your people, that's obviously very, very difficult to do.  So the movement to architectures lighthouse, where it's all 1 database that makes that type of analytics much easier. Compliance has become more difficult. It started during the actual pandemic where tax rules were changing almost weekly. And this continual focus on things like employee privacy, ways that kind of fairness rules for the employees, payment rules for employees, minimum wage rates for the employees. And you need a sophisticated system that can handle those types of requirements. -- yes, in a world of today where we are almost at full employment.  You have to make sure that you can get as much as possible from your people. You have to make sure that the experience that you have for those people is as best as possible, so that they want to stay and continue to build out their careers at your organization. And if you do have vacancies, you do have to have strategic talent acquisition systems that need to leverage AI and ML to make sure that you have the right candidate experience and that you are bringing on the right people. And when there is churn, you have to rely on learning management systems because you need to have embedded learning throughout the experience of the actual people.  So all of that, I think, has become very, very important. And probably the last piece I would add is that, as you know, workforces today are more distributed, there hasn't been a return back to the office. And I think the deal with kind of error is over and people aren't going to go back to cubes.  And so you do need to have HR systems that can really help with collaboration and idea sharing new ways of doing performance management in this new world of work. 
Leagh Turner: I mean I think all I would say is it does 2 things. It accelerates deals in the current quarter, which is important, and it helps us build pipeline for the future year, which is also important. So what we accomplished in 3 or 4 days is really meaningful to the next year and to the success of closing out this one. 
Leagh Turner: I mean, Dave is looking at me. I would not say that there's a demonstrable difference the competitive landscape. What I would say is we were very pleasantly surprised by the Gartner Magic Quadrant and the fact that we are now alone as the single HR-only vendor in the leadership quadrant, which I think will make a demonstrable difference going forward with respect to the way that we compete. 
Leagh Turner: Sure. I mean maybe what I'll say, just to pick up the point that you put down is that it is true that a number of million dollar deals are up 50% this year. I would just underscore that those are deals in the upmarket, so let's call it, enterprise and large enterprise. But we're also seeing a significant number of $1 million-plus PEPM deals in the mid-market as customers buy a full suite. So I just put a finer point on that. With respect to momentum, I would say, we are categorically seeing it everywhere. We're seeing it in our emerging market. We're seeing it in our mid-market, that's in North America, EMEA and APJ. We're seeing it in the enterprise, which to David's point, is between 3,500 and 10,000. And we're seeing it in the large enterprise, above 10,000. There is not 1 segment that we operate in, where we are seeing a slowdown or any degradation in our pipeline momentum. 
Leagh Turner: It's a great question. I would say, plus or minus 50% of our pipeline is influenced through partners, and that's partners all kinds, that's system integrators, that's brokers, but they're touching a lot of our pipeline now. And what we're seeing when they do that is that our win rates in that segment of the pipeline are increasing quite significantly because the pipeline is better qualified. 
Leagh Turner: The only thing I'd add, if I could, to that very thorough answer, is that we used to manage people shoulder to shoulder inside an office. Given that people aren't returning to the office, organizations are relying on technology to support that work. And as a result, to your question, a direct answer is HR and HR technology has become significantly more strategic post pandemic. 
