David Ossip: Kevin, thank you for that. Let me just unpack that question. First, we have flowed through the full beat into both our Dayforce recurring ex float and to the EBITDA. And to give clarity on that, we are raising the Dayforce recurring revenue ex float by $10 million, which is the combination of both the Q2 beat and the Q1 beat. So not only have we flowed the Q2 beat through, we've flowed the full half 1 beat throughout the year.  In terms of adjusted EBITDA, we are raising by $15.5 million at the mid, which is a combination of the Q2 adjusted beat of about $8 million and as well, we have increased our float expectations for the second half of the year by $6 million. And when you add the 2 together, we are raising by more than in combination. And so just we have clarity. In terms of where we are getting increased productivity, as you know, we have been very focused on the efficiencies of the actual business. As I mentioned, and Leagh mentioned, leveraging AI and generative AI is part of our strategy and would be included in some of the efficiencies that we would expect for the remainder of the year. 
David Ossip: On -- the macro side remains positive, and we remain optimistic. Regarding Q3 to Q4, there's typically some seasonality between the 2 quarters, and that would be indicative of that. 
David Ossip: Thanks, Mark. If I look at the gross margin on Dayforce recurring, which is 78.1%. It's up 174 basis points year-over-year. In terms of global, as you know, Dayforce was designed from day 1 to be global. I would say we have about a 10-year lead on any competitor from a global perspective. And I think the results reflect that we are operating at scale globally with a full global operational model. I think Leagh could add a bit more detail to that as well. 
David Ossip: So great questions. The best metric, I think we have in terms of momentum upmarket. If we look at the number of deals that went live in the segment above 6,000 employees, it is up 125% year-over-year. So we're seeing significant momentum upmarket and many of those are global accounts. In terms of global payroll, we have developed an extendable payroll engine that is deployable across most of Africa and across the Middle East. We already do have Dayforce customers in countries like Kenya and Mauritius and South Africa. 
David Ossip: Michael, as Leagh pointed out, we believe that we'll have a strong second half on top of a strong first half. We saw employment levels come in above our expectations in the quarter and in the first quarter of the year. I believe what we've been saying about the macro is positive and optimistic and has been consistent over the last number of quarters. 
David Ossip: One thing I would add to that is if you actually look at the number of projects that were kicked off by SIs in the quarter, it grows to 35% on a global basis, which is up obviously significantly year-over-year. You'll also see that reflected if you do the breakdown of our total revenue line, you'll see that we're shifting the professional services now more towards the actual SIs. And as you go forward, you would expect less and less of our revenue -- total revenues, fee from professional services as our hope would be that we focus on becoming a scalable software company, leveraging our SI partners to do the majority of the implementation. 
David Ossip: It's very balanced. If I look at the average number of modules across the customer base, it's up about 4x relative to 2021. So we're obviously seeing more products being used, higher module density across our client base. But as well, if we look at the number of go-lives in the upper market segment it's up 125% per year. And for us, it's very much about having a durable growth strategy that runs for a very long period of time. 
David Ossip: That's a very good question. There's a lot of complexity in terms of going global. It starts with the global HR model that you need to have in place. I don't believe it is possible to take a U.S. product and retrofit it to be global. There are certain data elements that have to be tracked and not tracked on a global basis. There are elements when it comes to the actual cloud environment that you're deploying and where the data actually resides. There are processes that have to be in place as well as to who is allowed to actually touch the data outside of country and how you operate on a global basis from that particular perspective. From a workforce management perspective, the way that time and attendance calculations work, whether it be over time, whether it be scheduling, whether it be premiums, whether it be penalty pay are not based on North American or U.S. paradigms. Off continent, if you go to Europe and you get into areas of like working councils, working directives that have no meaning here. If you go into geos like New Zealand, quite different from even what you would find in Australia when it comes to the way that they actually process the holidays. If you get into certain countries like Australia, you're going into kind of a construct called like multi awards where the pay policy follows the actual job classification rather than the actual employee. On the payroll side, very, very different in terms of how taxes are worked, how you actually -- to calculate pension in many cases. From a benefit perspective, the U.S. benefit paradigm doesn't carry outside of the U.S. It doesn't even carry into Canada. In certain countries, for example, Canada, there are national language acts where you actually have to operate equally in ways of their national languages, and that has to extend throughout your system documentation, training, website materials and the likes. In terms of record of employment and reporting out HR events to the various types of governments across the world, countries are very specific as to what record of employment information they want from the employees and when they want, in what actual format. When you get into the actual money movement system, very different from the U.S. going to Canada, going to the U.K., going to the EU, going to Australia, APJ, very, very, very different. We have built the company to be global from the onset. We started with global customers. In fact, our largest live customers are global. So I think we understand it very well. The work that Joe has been doing inside the actual platform to lift it up, very important in terms of language localization as well. I believe we are now deploying in about 165 countries and that takes a bit of work. And again, organizationally, we pivoted from being a U.S. company operating globally to a true global operating model several years ago with over half of our employees being off continent and we run the organization as a global enterprise. So again, I think we've got quite a long way to go. I would not want to be a new entrant into the global market starting today and competing against the likes of us. 
David Ossip: Yes. So it's very encouraging. As you know, you saw PwC purchase People Force in the U.K. People Force was a Dayforce consulting organization. And I would expect that PwC purchased People Force to handle the demand that they're seeing for our product. Likewise, in Australia, you saw -- I think it was the Deloitte purchase Enforce Consulting also Enforce is specifically Dayforce implementations in APJ and again, I would take it as a sign of very strong demand and the big SIs building out their practices. 
David Ossip: We remain on track. We will be showing more of it at INSIGHTS. We would expect to go live with the first charter customers this year. 
Leagh Turner: Yes. The only thing I would add, just anecdotally, is that -- when we look at Q2, the results across the portfolio were very, very even, in it every region performed exceptionally well. And you would also have noted, Mark, from our sales win commentary, both in the prepared remarks and in the press release that we're now selling very large transactions in every region in which we operate, both full suite and land and expand. And so we will continue to do that. It's the reason that our add-on sales back to the base continue to be in the 30% range. And things are working really well as it relates to our entire global footprint. 
Leagh Turner: I mean I just echo the 17%. Year-to-date deal size is up 17%, which is exceptional. And perhaps I'll say rolling 4 quarter pipeline is very strong. We're set up for a very strong back half and we're really pleased that Sam has decided to join us. He's an excellent addition. He's an exceptional technician and he's done a really good job of getting his feet in, really understanding the business. We'll make a few tiny tweaks to the go-to-market in order to get things to work even better but I would expect that we can continue to accelerate with his addition. 
Leagh Turner: Yes, for sure. I mean, a little bit of digging would tell you that some of us have some past experience with Sam. And he's just -- as you said and I said, he's an exceptional addition and we just couldn't pass him up. As you know, not only does he have great, let's call it, sales and go-to-market and customer experience, but he's also excellent at analyzing and assessing how to grow a sales ecosystem. And we cited in the first quarter that we had a 76% increase in the number of consultants that had been trained on Dayforce and that were now in the ecosystem. And you can see that really starting to pay some serious dividends. The ecosystem continues to mature. We are ahead on -- have them sold with SIs, kickoffs with SIs, go-lives with SIs and since Sam has joined, he has some smart ideas about how we might accelerate that even further, not only with SIs, but with influence partners, third-party revenue partners, and additional relationships that we could use to generate incremental revenue streams. And if I could just say to your original question that David responded to, the macro, as we said last quarter, continues to be exceptionally favorable to us. Customers during tricky macro look for efficiency. They have no other way to drive growth, and we deliver efficiency. Secondly, everybody is still trying to figure out this debate through the future of work, do people -- how do people work? How do they collaborate? How do they stay aligned? And HR technology serves all of that. And then lastly, as it relates to AI, everybody is wrestling through this. What will work be? How will work be displaced and made different? And the reality is we're able to counsel our customers through that change, and we will even more so as the trend continues to emerge. So we see really good tailwinds for a very long protracted period of time. 
Leagh Turner: I'll grab that by saying -- first of all, great question. Thank you for it. As I said, our partner ecosystem, which started at like a standing start 3 years ago has now progressed very significantly. I would say when we look at our sales wins, I don't know, 2/3 of them have been influenced by a partner in some regard and that spans virtually every single segment in which we operate. And what you will continue to see is that the pipeline will increase as a result of that network effect. We imagine that more and more customers over time will be kicked off and brought live with partners. And as that happens, our partners build value-added services around Dayforce, which become very rich practices that they can continue to build their business upon over time, which is excellent for us and becomes in effect, irreversible. So I would say we're still in relatively early innings. It's working really well, better than perhaps we could have ever expected, probably as a result of the fact that our technology is so strong and the demand is so high. But as we continue to grow, I would imagine you'll only see that increase. And one thing I would note is that we're now seeing what we would call like mega deals happening with partners in the large enterprise space, brought to us directly by them, happening much more consistently and being brought live with real ease and proficiency. 
Leagh Turner: The only thing I guess I would add is just -- thank you, Raimo, for pointing that out. You would know a couple of years ago, we said that we were going to meaningfully push up into the enterprise and large enterprise space. And as you noted, every single customer that we listed either in prepared remarks or in the press release, are many, many thousands of employees. It's a real testament to us setting our mind to do something, saying we would do it and delivering. 
Leagh Turner: Thank you. I mean I would say the following. I think that you prepare a thorough go-to-market and you launch it at the beginning of every year, together with sales SPAGs and quotas and any changes you might make to segmentation or territories. And it is very normal in the enterprise SaaS space to make minor modifications at the midyear point, which is all we're considering doing.  I'll give you an example. We're seeing real movement in our full suite sales and lots of interest in our talent products. Maybe we can add some overlay resources in order to continue to lean into that thrust, so that we can move faster to being a full suite company, and we can ensure that those customers in our current customer base who haven't yet taken advantage of that technology do. So that would be an example of a change we might consider making. No sharp turns, no major moves, just a few tweaks perhaps to drive greater increment in the back half of the year and to set us up for a great 2024. 
Leagh Turner: Thank you for the question, Patrick. I think there's 3 things I can tell you about the work that we've been doing with the Canadian government, which we call next gen, which they call next-gen. The first thing I would tell you is that the testing results have continued to be exceptional. And we have concluded the testing. The second thing I would tell you is that the government is now preparing something that they call an initial findings report, which will summarize those testing results and they will present that to cabinet for consideration in the next few months. The third thing that I can tell you, which we view as a positive sign of momentum is that Alex Benay, who was originally with the government left to go to industry and has since come back, has been named Deputy Minister responsible for pay and that includes understanding the current Phoenix system and its limitations and thoroughly understanding the results that have emerged from next gen and helping to support the path forward. So great progress. 
Leagh Turner: I guess the only thing I would add is that our retention rates continue to hold, which means that our customers are very happy with the level of service that they receive from us and the value that they receive. And as a result, happy customers buy more software. 
Leagh Turner: Thank you. Great question. What I would say is done right, and we try and do this more and more consistently. We position a full suite right upfront. So we assess the full end-to-end white space in our customer, and therefore, the maximum value that we could contribute and if a customer decides to begin with a SKU or 2, they do it knowing what the total available white space and total available value is, which means that we have an opportunity to go back almost right away to begin talking about expanding the value, particularly so as we take those modules live, we prove that we're doing it on time and on value. You can imagine that customers are quite receptive to expanding their relationship. 
