David Ossip: Thanks, Jeremy. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe during this time of uncertainty.  Before we go to Q&A, I want to spend a few minutes on some important points from our stockholder letter. First, we had a strong quarter. Dayforce revenue, excluding float and on a constant currency basis, grew by 31.9% as compared to 25.3% in the same period last year. Cloud recurring services gross margin increased by 2.5% to 72.6% and in Cloud professional services and other, gross margin improved by 10.8% to negative 3.4%. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 40 basis points year-over-year to 24.8%.  Second, Dayforce continues to see strong demand. We have moved to virtual summits and more digital marketing activities, and pipeline has grown. Based on what we've seen, our virtual marketing methods have expanded our ability to reach potential customers.  Third, we are continuing to sell Dayforce in this economic environment. In our stockholder letter, we highlighted a number of wins during the third quarter as well as the momentum we continue to see in April. In the first 4 months of 2020, we had sales across the globe, including in North America, U.K., Australia, Germany and Mauritius.  Fourth, the demand for Dayforce Wallet is meeting our expectations. We launched dayforcewallet.com, and the launch comes at a time when we believe workers need it most. We have a broad spectrum of customers across industries looking to implement Dayforce Wallet to support their work during this unprecedented time. On April 9, we activated our first customer, Danone. We will provide updates on Dayforce Wallet usage in future quarters, and we continue to expect to have more than 100 organizations live by the end of the year.  Finally, we announced an agreement to acquire Excelity. Building on our recent investments in Australia and New Zealand, we believe that this acquisition, which is expected to close in the second quarter, will position Ceridian as a leading HCM provider in the Asia Pacific region. Excelity works with more than 300 clients, which produces than 1.2 million payslips and operates its major payroll platform in 13 countries, including India, China, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Indonesia, South Korea, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, Australia and New Zealand. This acquisition provides us an opportunity to land and expand in the Asia Pacific region, accelerating market presence and pave the way to extend the Dayforce native payroll platform to the Asia Pacific region.  In addition to the Excelity acquisition, we began development of major payroll engines for Germany, Mexico and Mauritius, which are expected to be completed in the next 18 months.  I would now like to hand it back to the operator to open the call for questions. 
David Ossip: So thanks for the -- Daniel, thanks for the question. Look, in Q1, we saw, obviously, very strong Dayforce revenue growth. As mentioned, Dayforce recurring grew by 30.4% on a constant currency ex-float basis. The Dayforce total revenue grew by 31.9%, ex-float and on a constant currency basis.  In the first quarter, we continued to see sales towards the end of March. And as mentioned, and as outlined in the stockholder letter, we will continue to see sales in the month of April. We're seeing sales really across the industry, obviously, a little bit more impacted in the hospitality and the retail area. But other than that, it appears that there is still strong demand for human capital management solutions. 
David Ossip: Sure. So Daniel, we've spoken a lot about this in the past. Our goal is to be in more than 20 countries with native payroll engines within the next few years. And so this acquisition, obviously, is very consistent with that. Excelity positions us as a leading provider in the APJ region almost immediately. It is also consistent with what we've spoken about from an M&A strategy, which is effectively to seek out players in particular regions, to acquire effectively around 2 to 3x the multiple of revenue and over a period of time, leverage their know-how and their market presence to accelerate the launch of native Dayforce into those particular regions. So on a several year basis, you'll see the extension of Dayforce into those regions, obviously, with the full HCM suite capacity. 
David Ossip: Thanks a lot, Mark. So I'm going to break it up into Dayforce and into Powerpay separately. Just as a reminder, Powerpay accounts for a little bit less than 10% of total revenue.  On the Dayforce side, we get paid for both active and inactive employees. Furloughed employees count as inactive employees. And so we still do receive the recurring revenue on furloughed employees. In the stockholder letter, we provided quite a lot of detail. We explained that up to April 15, the employees part of Dayforce systems had increased 17% year-over-year, but it was 5% less than the amount that we had expected at the beginning of the year. When I look at the employee count, and we monitor these obviously on a daily basis, it appears that beyond the Dayforce side and on the Powerpay side, it looks like the layoffs or the furloughing of employees has really flattened out, and we've seen a little bit of increases over the last week on both of the actual products. So on the Dayforce side, we're impacted only when employees get terminated, not when they get furloughed.  On the Powerpay side, slightly different. We get paid on a per paycheck basis. About 40% of the Powerpay revenue is recurring. The other 60% is early monthly fees that is not dependent on headcount. Up until April 15, we've seen a 13% decline in terms of headcount. So we're more impacted on Powerpay. But again, Powerpay accounts for just less than 10% of the revenue. 
David Ossip: So again, very early days, given that we just took live the first customer, Danone, on April 9. We spent effectively the first quarter getting ready for launch, and that's not only the product with all of the marketing, assets and implementation assets as well. We have a backlog of clients that are waiting now to go live with wallet. We waited really until the 1st of April because of some of the quarter end processes we wanted to get through. And then there was a slight delay in getting the apps published on the Google App Store and on the Apple App Store, but the application can now be downloaded in the U.S. on both of those.  The reaction from our own employees, who've been using the system, is very, very positive. It's a very clean experience in terms of activating the wallet. Very similar to the Dayforce app. When you download the Dayforce Wallet, it's almost like if you have Facebook and you load Instagram, it shares the same type of authentication method and such. So it's really very easy to use. The -- we do personalization of the actual plastic, which comes and looks really, really sharp. And then we also have the touch-less capability through either the phone or if you have an Apple Watch and such. The reactions have been very, very positive. 
David Ossip: So mostly, the pipeline obviously has shifted. So it's not going to be reflective of historical sales. We obviously are spending much more effort now in developing pipeline in what we term surge industries. And we're still seeing growth in many of those industries. When it comes to the actual historical, Jeremy can correct me, but I believe probably about 14%. Is that correct, Jeremy, of the employee base would be in kind of I'll call it, retail or hospitality that would be impacted by COVID. We do have a larger footprint in retail, but those would be in groceries and such, some fast food that haven't already been impacted. Even across the retail group, we haven't seen massive layoffs. We've seen furloughed employees. And as you know, we do get paid for those furloughed employees. 
David Ossip: Sure. The way we do the float is we effectively break it up between a core portfolio and a liquidity portfolio. In the liquidity portfolio, we basically keep the money in overnight. And in the core portfolio, we obviously use a laddering strategy. So you're typically, an average life of about 2.5 to 3 years. The -- just the impact of the change in the Fed rate, as you know, has gone down by about 150 basis points, about 25 basis points. On a full year basis, that's an $18 million headwind for us. We aren't -- obviously, we can't do much changes between how we do the investments as the trust funds are AAA-rated. That's the point system that we have to use investment side. So that effectively determines what percent of your government and what types of corps we're allowed to invest in. 
David Ossip: So Robert. No, we actually don't provide details actually to quarterly sales or to pipeline sales. Obviously, there has been some impact. But as I mentioned, we continue to see momentum. 
David Ossip: Sure. One -- in current contracts, there is no minimum. We charge on the number of active and inactive employees, typically on the 15th of the month. And we charge 1 month in advance. So we are making some changes to contracting going forward, to provide a minimum, which is obviously a percentage of the employees at time of contracting. 
David Ossip: Again, the strategy on Bureau hasn't changed. As you know, we aggressively are now trying to end of life the Bureau products with the exception of the tax. Tax is probably about a $50 million business of the remaining Bureau. Every quarter, we move around about $5 million from Bureau to Dayforce, and then there's probably an equal amount that just goes away as we don't really have a home for it in the Dayforce type of world. There hasn't been any change to each of the pace of approaching customers or the pace of us end of lifing. But as we mentioned prior, by the end of the year, we already expect the aggregate business to be -- and Jeremy can kind of provide updates, but probably under $100 million. 
David Ossip: If anything, there's an opportunity to lean in and strengthen these types of relationships. So in one way, it allows us to basically, in professional services, rely much more on taxing through the use of a larger size as opposed to hiring directly professional services people. 
David Ossip: I honestly don't see much of a difference between the U.S. and Canada. I'm not sure who actually did social distancing first. I can't remember it. As an organization, we probably did a few weeks ahead of both the U.S. and Canada. What I'll point out again is that our business is largely non-touch. From a sales perspective, from a marketing perspective, implementation, customer support, all of that, even in times of non-COVID, is usually done on a non-touch basis. So it doesn't really make much of a difference.  As I mentioned beforehand, we monitor the employee headcount at all of our customers. And when I look at both Canada and the U.S., we've seen a slight increase in employees and customers over the last week. So nothing really to get overly excited about, but there seems to be evidence that the impact of COVID has kind of bottomed out. 
David Ossip: Look, it's a mix. If I look at the impact of implementations in Q1, remember, your credit risk [ temporarily ] during the period that we typically would take live all of the customers from Q1. The overall impact of COVID in Q1 was probably about $1 million to $2 million in terms of the amount of recurring revenue we would have activated in that particular quarter. So there was some impact, but it definitely wasn't a material amount. We did also see some of the kickoffs of new projects get pushed a little bit, but we're confident that they'll get restarted relatively soon if they haven't been restarted already.  In terms of the impact from the industry, obviously, it's probably in line with what you would expect. It was a specialty retail -- retailer, it probably was more impacted than, say, if it was an extended care living facility. 
David Ossip: Yes, yes. So let me just add another step that I actually mentioned before. 88% of Dayforce employees are at customers above 500 employees. The vast majority of Dayforce accounts really would be in major markets or in enterprise. I haven't really seen a material difference between behaviors between major markets and enterprise. Now that may be because we have moved upmarket quite significantly over the last year. And you see that in some of the numbers we spoke about in the stockholder letter. For instance, the incremental revenue per Dayforce account increased 63% to $213,196 from $130,998 a year before. So most of our -- obviously, a larger proportion of our customers will be towards the upper end of major markets in the enterprise side. 
David Ossip: Look, hey Mark (sic) [Matt], and nice to hear from you. I don't have the answer to that. In terms of furloughed employees, again, we get paid for furloughed employees. What I can say is when I look at furloughed employees versus active employees at our customer base, the percentage of furloughed employees seems to be going down. So there seems to be a movement in our customer base in activating inactive employees. In terms of employees that they have let go, I don't know what -- if they will come back to the levels they had previously, but I think we'll probably get a bit more clarity over the next 6 months or so. 
David Ossip: Sure. So there's a few questions in there. First, we've seen very few projects get canceled. The pattern seems to be that there's a push into later quarters. In terms of industry, I don't know if that was the primary reason for pushes. I believe that in the end of March, it was effectively everyone's getting ready to work from home and some organizations like us has the maturity and has policy to make it very easy, others didn't. And so the same people that would have made decisions on systems like ours were quite busy in helping their employees get productive and get up to speed from working from home. At the moment, I think there's kind of a return to work effort that's going on in a lot of the clients. And that also created a little bit of distraction. But I think we're actually feeling positive that we'll go back to usual sales cycle, and I'm very encouraged by the, kind of the volume and the momentum of sales that we saw, even in the first month of this quarter. 
David Ossip: Great question. So we were quite proactive in this. So very early on in COVID, we made some enhancements to the Dayforce product. The first was we added a COVID tracker, which effectively allows employees to register which offices they've been to. And then if there is a suspected case of COVID or positive case of COVID, our system can generate a list of people who may have come into contact with the person. And we also enhanced the messaging engine to make it easy to be broadcast via SMS or personal e-mail, so that people could get notified in a very efficient manner.  The second thing we did is that we loaded into learning management system a lot of information around COVID. So how do you work from home? How do you manage employees at home? How do you stay safe? How do you wash your hands? And other pieces of really important information. And we added that to all Dayforce instances whether people had the learning management system or not. And we also launched or we activated a public version of Dayforce Learning. That's available for any organization to use. They can just simply go on, register, load their employees and such, and that provides all the COVID pieces. In the near term, you'll see us launch a lot of kind of features and communications about return to work and about helping companies prepare to get people back into the offices and as such.  In terms of add-on sales, as you know, add-on sales has always been 20% of what we sell. Obviously, there is a strong demand for learning management. There's obviously -- the other pieces of the application do apply quite nicely in this environment. 
David Ossip: We're quite laser-focused when we try to do these things. We have started to work on Excelity in 2019. And yes, COVID obviously did have some impact to timing, but I can't say that I've actually seen any real change in M&A activity in the marketplace. 
David Ossip: Yes. Look, as you can probably gather from the stockholder letter or even from today's talk, we've been chosen to lean in into the current environment to strengthen our organization. And in terms of marketing, we moved very quickly to more of a digital marketing focus. And we started off with our first virtual summit, which effectively had about 2, 3x the attendance that we typically would see on physical. And the reactions we got from it was very positive. And so from that, we obviously extended that. We did one in Australia. We did one in the U.K. We did another one in North America last week. I believe we have one coming up in the U.K. and Ireland in a couple of weeks. And we seem to be able to come up with a format that's very engaging. This one involves customer speakers. We did a very thorough demonstration of the actual product. We answered questions live. We still do now virtual one-on-ones with prospective customers and such, and it seems to be going very nicely.  The second part about the digital marketing is that because we really are experts when it comes to payroll and tax. And as you know, with the various government programs in the U.S. and Canada, there's been a lot of complexity that the customers have had to have understood. And we've done a lot of very informative webinars, leveraging outside speakers and our own experts, and I think that has improved the brand of Ceridian. In other words, reinforcing how important it is to be experts and be able to do the compliance calculations correctly and have the internal compliance teams that really can help customers adjust as they need to, to remain compliant and to help their employees. Lastly, I think that the Dayforce Wallet launch comes really at a great time. We're now living in a world where people really would like to do touchless transactions. They really do need to be able to get their earned wages as quickly as possible. And having a mechanism that allows organizations to really get money into the hands of their employees when they need them is obviously a great feature. 
David Ossip: So I don't think we've seen any changes in pricing. And as we've mentioned, we're making some changes to future contracts in terms of adding minimums to the actual contract on a go-forward basis. In reality, the fact that we get paid for furloughed employees really has provided us with a lot of insulation from COVID. So we are quite fortunate in that regard.  In terms of the customers in impacted industries, we've been quite proactive. We look at our customers as very long-term partnerships, and we want to be able to support them in any way that we obviously can. So in serving industries, we did do a reach out to help them more from a financing perspective during this particular period. That's not really on a rate reduction basis. 
David Ossip: Well, we're doing the rollout obviously of stuff now. And as much of this stuff is obviously, are going to be activated in the second half of the year, I think that will be a fair statement. I don't think that we'll see a material impact from revenue in 2020. As we get more experience with the product, as we mentioned inside the stockholder letter, we will share that with everyone, so people can start to model. And we'll start to talk more about the business as we have for information about it. 
Raimo Lenschow: I hope you guys stayed safe. Can you just -- the one thing that was a focus for you guys in recent quarters was to kind of highlight the strength you have with continuous payroll around the integration or, like, time and attendance and payroll. And there you had some very interesting wins in the U.K., for example, with the coffee chain, et cetera, like the rural industries that have hourly workers. And so now that                 the screens that came up, like, what's your footprint there in terms of your pipeline for the current customers? Does that kind of create a bigger impact for you compared to other HR players? Or is it that just like a growth opportunity, and the customers that you guys have is much more broad-based? Maybe just give us some color on that because that would help us a lot. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes, yes. It's for -- if you look at -- yes. Wherever you're in an installed base. And if you look at the pipeline, like, was that kind of -- because you've talked a lot about it, but it doesn't mean that they all have to be in that space. But a little bit more color there. 
Raimo Lenschow: Yes. The breakdown of the customer base, as far as you can give it to us in the installed base, but also in the pipeline. 
