David Ossip: Thanks, Jeremy, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the call today.  Before we go into Q&A, I want to spend a few minutes on some key points from the quarter. First, we had strong financial performance in the second quarter. Our results were meaningfully above guidance across all metrics. Dayforce recurring revenue, excluding float revenue, grew by 30%. Total revenue, including Powerpay and Bureau, also grew by 30%. Cloud recurring gross margin was 72%, up 130 basis points year-over-year and up 200 basis points, excluding float revenue.  Based on our solid execution and increased confidence in employment levels at our customers, we are raising our guidance, and we now expect third quarter Dayforce recurring revenue, excluding float revenue, to grow 31% to 32%; fourth quarter Dayforce recurring revenue, excluding float revenue, to grow 32% to 33%; full year total revenue between $1.008 billion and $1.018 billion; adjusted EBITDA between $155 million and $165 million.  We were also pleased with our second quarter sales performance, which was both above 2019 and 2020. We continue to see success in the enterprise and large enterprise segments, and we also saw solid traction in the major market segments. Our pipeline is strong, and we expect healthy sales performance to continue into the second half of 2021.  Second, employee count at our Dayforce customers began to show improvement compared to the last quarter. The average employee count per Dayforce customer is now larger than pre-pandemic levels, reflective of our move into enterprise and also better employment levels. This is expected to positively benefit our second half revenue.  Finally, we have seen strong market momentum for Dayforce Wallet. We now have more than 600 customers signed with over 200 customers live on the Dayforce Wallet. Inside our top quartile of live customers, registration rates are averaging about 40% of eligible users. We are now seeing impressive traction and spending patterns further positioning the Dayforce card as top-of-wallet, go-to card for spending earned money. The average active wallet holder loads money onto their wallet 5 to 6x per month at an average of approximately $120 below. And in addition, an average active user transacts with the card approximately 24 times per month, almost every day.  In summary, our execution was strong across segments and geographies, and our financial performance exceeded expectations. We are seeing significant momentum across all areas of the company.  We also have reopened our offices in the U.S. And I've been thrilled to see the level of engagement from our employees whom I have met in various town halls across the country. I have also been busy visiting our customers at their offices throughout the U.S. And some consistent themes have emerged: first, their desire to improve the well-being and productivity of their workforce; second, their challenges to maintain and unify the company culture in an environment where employees expect and do work from anywhere in a hybrid fashion; and finally, their difficulties attracting and retaining talent in a very competitive talent market. I left each of these in-person conversations with the conviction that we are uniquely positioned to address these challenges and help our customers be more competitive.  I would now like to hand it back to Jeremy to open the call up for questions. 
David Ossip: Sure. So in terms of employee headwinds, in the quarter, we saw employee headwinds of $6 million in Q2, which was in line of what we had expected. For Q3, we expect a $3 million headwind, so an improvement of $3 million. And in Q4, we expect it to only be $1.5 million. That's on the Dayforce side. On the Powerpay side, in Q2, we saw a headwind of $1.5 million. In Q3, we expect it to improve to a headwind of $1 million and, in Q4, a headwind of $0.5 million. Our traction, Siti, in the enterprise segment and as well in what we call major market 2, which is the upper segment of the major market, remains very strong. We saw both a nice increase in ACV year-over-year, and we also saw a significant increase in the volume of deals coming through the system as well. 
David Ossip: Yes, it's a great question. There are 2 parts to that. The first is when we look at the top quartile of our customers, it's largely the customers who have been live the longest. So what we're seeing is month-over-month, the registration rates of eligible employees at our customers go up. And as I mentioned, the top quartile, we're seeing numbers about 40%. The second piece that we actually see as well is that we do have specific initiatives on the product side that we're adding, things like referrals, so I can refer a friend, give $10, get $10, and that will come online in the next few months. We also have added a messaging component into the actual system that will allow us to, again, encourage people to use the system. We've added enhancements on the direct deposit side to help people set up the Dayforce Wallet as their primary direct deposit account. And there are various other initiatives we're doing on the product side that we believe will continue to drive not only registration but usage of the card. 
David Ossip: Not really, Jared. I would say that it's been largely consistent since we've actually IPO-ed. As you know, we have 2 prime competitors in major markets. When we go upmarket into the enterprise and large enterprise segment, it shifts a bit more to the ERP side. 
David Ossip: But generally, it's in line that we can effectively see a doubling of the recurring revenue per active user. 
David Ossip: Dan, it's looking at various similar. Right out of the gate, we've got very good traction with the wallet in Canada, which is really tremendous to see. We're seeing registration rates follow those what we're seeing inside the actual U.S. It's a slight difference in that, in the U.S., you do have an unbanked or low-banked population that's smaller in Canada. But surprisingly, the registration, the desire to use the wallet doesn't seem to be any different in Canada versus the U.S. We had some great coverage with the actual launch. If you haven't seen, there's a piece on CTV News that I encourage you to look at. What was great about that is that they interviewed random people on the street to test the value of the actual wallet, and the results were really great. 
David Ossip: It's mostly, Dan, overlapping. So we started to move into the enterprise segment. So we got a nice lift-up into the enterprise segment. So when we look at it at the moment, I think you need to look at it kind of on an ex float basis. The number is actually 11% inside the quarter. So if I look at Q2 of 2021 to Q2 of 2020, it went from $93,656 to $103,757, which is up about 11% year-over-year. 
David Ossip: First, the growth on the global side is tremendous year-over-year, both in the number of deals that we're doing, the number of deals we're doing with the actual SIs and the revenue side has gone up quite significantly year-over-year. In terms of the particular types of wins, obviously, we had Coupa, which is just a tremendous software company, I think everyone knows about that, operating on a global basis. What I love about that one is that it's great evidence that we are very competitive in the software industry as well. We had a great fitness company that I think everyone knows, everyone uses. Everyone probably has a subscription to them on a global basis. I know that my wife and family have been supporting them for quite a long time.  D&B also, obviously, a great win as well in financial services. And then we have the typical -- we had a great, I want to call them, environmental resourcing company out of Europe, which is a great name that we got, and typical retail and veterinarian types of clinics. So we had a very nice and strong quarter when it came to winning globally and in the domestic markets. 
David Ossip: It would be the absolute rarity for us to see that going. When I look at the service organization and when I look in the actual number of kickoffs and go-lives, they've done very, very nicely. And when I look at the accuracy of our services team, being able to predict when a customer is going to go live, it's very, very strong. I think most of you know that every other week, I meet with the services team. We go through the company by different segments. Any account that has a potential, pushing more than 30%, we go deep into it. And if I look at it quarter-over-quarter, we're seeing tremendous accuracy coming out of the service team. 
David Ossip: Matt, as I actually mentioned, when I look at the average employee count across our customer base, it's actually higher now than it was pre-COVID levels, both in Canada and in the U.S. So I would actually argue that the jobs have actually come back into the actual market. And when I look at the growth in employment levels, over the last 90 days alone, we're seeing tremendous growth, 4%, 5% employment growth across inactive and active employees at our customers. 
David Ossip: Yes. So the engagement numbers are great. As I mentioned, in the top quartile, about 40% registration rates across the clients which, I would argue, is a bit ahead of what we had expected. The second part is the loads that we're seeing have gone up slightly, but they're effectively 6x per month and at over $120 per load. And then on the spend time, we're seeing the cards be used almost daily. The average usage of the card is in excess of 24 times per month. The typical types of transactions is what you would expect. They are grocery purchases, convenience stores, gas, ATM withdrawals, which is the majority of the transactions.  In terms of further ways of monetizing that, we are going to launch a cash-back program with a particular partner where there is a revenue share. And we believe that could add about 0.9% of the actual spend, if you like, into revenue. There are other programs that we are looking at, things like pay now -- sorry, buy now, pay later programs that I think were further added. And then as we get into more of the financial wellness side, is really a tremendous opportunity for us. Thanks, Mike. You're actually muted. I'm not sure if you're aware. 
David Ossip: So Brad, right of the bat, we're seeing very strong growth on the global side. If I look at the number of deals that we have in pipe today for global deals versus last year, or if I look at from a deployment perspective, the number of countries we currently are deploying in now versus what we were deploying in about a year ago, they're up in double digits. So we're talking really tremendous growth and tremendous opportunity coming through.  In terms of ANZ, which is actually APJ as well, there are 1,500 customers we have between Excelity and between Ascender. All of them, obviously, will lead to Dayforce. When we move to Dayforce, we obviously position the entire talent suite as well as the workforce management and payroll, which does give us a nice lift in revenue. And as I mentioned, with RITEQ, I think we've been able to prove that out that, as we migrate, a single application, like in RITEQ's case, it's workforce management only, so we sell payroll, we sell talent to the workforce management accounts. In the case of Excelity and in the case of Ascender, it's now selling workforce management, core HR and talent components onto that. We see a nice lift in revenue.  We also are seeing tremendous benefit from having the APJ assets on our -- on how attractive we are on a global basis to sell with companies that have operations around the world. So we're very optimistic about global. And we also do believe it is a differentiation of us relative to both the ERPs and the other HCM providers. 
David Ossip: So Matthew, to answer your first question, I think there are 3 stages that I've discussed beforehand. The first is you have to train the SIs, so they have resources available. The second is you have to allow them to prime the actual implementation so that they can take the customers live and get references. And once you do that, I think you do get the lift in pipeline. So the majority of pipeline lift, I think we're still probably a quarter or 2 away as we need to complete the implementations -- or the SIs have to complete the implementations. We are seeing some benefit already in terms of deals where we are seeing a positive impact of the SI influence coming through.  But another point that I think I'd like to make as well is that we are operating in a tight talent market. And the fact that we now have 19 SIs that have capability to implement is helping us because it does allow us to continue to grow and scale the company without having to hire people directly. And I think that in retrospect, it was a fantastic move to be able to build out a bench of very capable people across a range of very accomplished organizations. 
David Ossip: Yes, so we still are about to launch the actual partnership. But generally, the way it works is that the employee gets a cash-back of about 4%, 5%. The network gets about 4%. We get about 40% to 50% of that revenue share. And so that's where that 90 basis points come from. 
David Ossip: So I don't actually have a number of the company we're in there prior to -- pre-COVID. Largely, I would think it actually depends on the actual segment. So if you're talking about the large enterprise, then it's likely that they were around before because it takes a while to go through those. Now if I'm talking about enterprise, major market 2 or major market 1, so it goes large enterprise, enterprise -- sorry, MM1, MM2, the major market deals typically move much quicker.  Most of what we are seeing, I would argue, is relatively new. As you know, we've done a tremendous number of virtual events that really have led to the build-out of the pipeline. As we've been saying for the last number of quarters, the pipeline is strong. As I mentioned in the very opening, we've seen an increase in volume of deals as well. So if I look at major market 2, and I look at the enterprise space, those particular markets seem to be moving very, very quickly relative to last year, and we've seen really, really healthy growth in those segments. 
David Ossip: Alex, generally, the linearity in our business is that you are more swayed towards H2, in particular Q4. So I think you'll see something similar again in this particular year. In terms of the recovery, it's happening quicker in certain segments, particularly in the enterprise segment and in the major market 2 segment. That's where we've seen the highest volume of actual deals coming through. When I look at the pipeline, it's strong across the board. 
David Ossip: We don't really see a lot of Paycom inside the market. And I think we rarely, if ever, see the guys at Paycom. So I don't think we've seen any particular change. Obviously, as we have gone upmarket, we do see the ERPs more than we have beforehand. They're probably up the most. In terms of competitive win rates, they are still very healthy. They haven't changed. And I think when you look at the actual product, we're quite differentiated in so many different ways that the value prop that we can offer the market causes the win rates. 
David Ossip: Look, we've given guidance for the remainder of the year. And you can see that the pattern is Q3 goes up and then Q4 goes up on Q3 as well. We haven't completed our SRP yet for 2022, but I would argue there are still tailwinds when it comes to employment. When we look across our customer base, and we can obviously monitor the number of open job postings that they have and the time to close those postings, we definitely are seeing that go up. One other data point that I'll probably refer you to, if you look at the average float balance of our customers, the average float balance is up 27% year-over-year, which is usually indicative of the size of the payrolls across our customers. So another good kind of data point that the economy is coming back very strong. 
David Ossip: Sure. So if I actually look at the float balances, if I go to Q2 of 2019, it was $3.4 billion. In Q2, it obviously came down to $2.98 billion. In this year, it is $3.8 billion. So it is still quite significantly ahead of the volumes that we saw in Q2 of '19. And you can further go back a year before. If you look at Q2 of '18, it was $3.35 billion. So there is definitely a significant increase in the float balance in Q2. And we also saw, if you remember, an increase in the float balance in Q1. So it's a very good sign that the economy is coming back strong. 
David Ossip: So Stephanie, I've started actually traveling quite a bit. We did a client event in New York a few weeks ago. And to kind of give you an idea, normally, when you do these client dinners, they go from like 6:00 to 8:39. This went from 6:00 to 12:30 a.m. So I would say there's just a huge pent-up demand for people to get out and to interact again. I did 2 town halls. I did 1 in Tampa, and I did 1 in Minneapolis. And the energy inside the town halls was just wonderful to see, just people smiling and happy to be together. Next week, I'm in Chicago, doing another kind of departmental town hall, and then I'm going off to visit 2 clients as well in kind of the Midwest West area. And I'm obviously very eager for that. And then a week or so after that, I'm in the West Coast, going to San Fran and LA. In L.A., we have a nice client event.  I also participated in a recent user group. And so the user group is a group that's run outside of Ceridian. They run it from base camp. I was asked to kind of just join in the Q&A section. And at the end of that, I asked the question. I asked if the user group would like to get together in person if we were to help sponsor it as part of the World Tour. And we had 141 customers respond that they'd like to attend in person. So the world is definitely moving to getting out in front of people, developing relationships, building on interactions. But I would say that we are still going to be operating in a hybrid world where we can get kind of the best of virtual types of events, virtual types of selling. So a lot of digital types of programs and such mixed together with the right experiences for in-person events and such. 
David Ossip: So EMEA is going really tremendously. As I did mention, 2 metrics that we do track internally is just the bookings year-over-year and also just the number of active projects, the number of countries that we're active in, and they both are up really considerably year-over-year. In EMEA, we've got a very good sales team. In terms of kind of major countries, as you know, we have the U.K. and we have Ireland and we're also about to launch in Germany. We have resources on the ground now in Germany in the products and technology side, the services side and the sales side. So we're making quite a lot of traction over there. We're actually very encouraged not only by the sales but by the go-live traction. In the quarter, we had 2 nice go-lives of very large global accounts headquartered out of EMEA as well. 
David Ossip: Look, Raimo, it's not by chance. We put in place a strategy to go upmarket starting in 2018. We made changes to the way that we actually sell. As you know, we verticalized. We brought in value advisory people who are able to kind of communicate the ROI and get ahead of the RFI/RFP process. We have invested and continue to invest very heavily in the SI channels who do influence those particular types of deals. And we brought in great people into the organization, particularly in sales leadership, that know how to communicate with the SIs and know how to communicate as well with the large enterprises.  One of the areas that's driving the wins we're seeing upmarket is our global capability that, if you compare us with the big core HR, workforce management payroll on a global basis, we have a lot more to offer and the solution is much better architected than others in market. And so that does help us. When I look at the enterprise segment, in the upper end or major market, we're also seeing tremendous success in the talent side. So when we brought in Joe and we brought in a number of other people, also very, very strong in talent and in data and in AI, that's now begin to show through the actual product and show through the product road map, which further has allowed us to move upmarket and to also continue selling to the base. 
David Ossip: Well, there are a couple of things. A partially modernized system doesn't work. If I have 5 different talent components and each is on a different cloud platform, the chances are I can't have the correct experiences or get access to data, which I need to run the business. So the fact that we now have very strong talent, and you see that reflected through some of the acquisitions like Ideal that we've done, which really allow us to do things in a very -- I don't like using the word modern anymore because I think modern is overplayed. But it's really making use of data and user experience to do it correctly. And so that is driving a lot of it.  On the compliance side, that's still a -- it drives a lot of business because it's not so much as whether it's back office or front office, it's really can you do the calculations correctly, can you pay people correctly, are you off-site from a regulatory perspective. And there, we remain very, very strong. And especially when you start to work with global workforces, it gets even more complicated and we can simplify that for customers. 
David Ossip: So Scott, we actually haven't seen that. In fact, I think we've actually seen the reverse. And we don't really play in the small business in the U.S. So I can speak about the small business in Canada, and we have seen robust growth over there. In fact, if I look at the Powerpay numbers, they're up quite significantly versus what we had expected. When I look at global, which includes obviously the U.S. and Canada as well as Europe and APJ, we've seen tremendous sales growth in major market 2 and in the enterprise segment. And so that's both on a dollar basis and on a volume of deal basis. So it's a little bit different, I think, what we're seeing, I think, versus I think what your research is showing. 
David Ossip: Scott, one thing I would add is that Ascender also had a good sales quarter. So they came in really, really nicely with the Ascender products that we're still selling in market. 
David Ossip: I appreciate it, Erik. And Jeremy, just a huge thanks and, obviously, wishing you a tremendous success, which I'm sure you'll be very, very successful. And as you know, any organization is really lucky to get you. So just handing it back to Jeremy, any final words before we move on to the analyst calls later. 
Noemie Heuland: I think you've covered it well. In Q2, we had obviously a beat in our adjusted EBITDA versus what we had guided, which is primarily as a result of the revenue beat that we saw. But we've continued to invest consistently, as we said before, in the areas that David just covered. Product and technology is a significant area of spend for us, as David mentioned, for the wallet as well as for the global expansion and native payroll capabilities. So you would expect that to continue throughout the year as well as investments in sales and marketing to support the effort to the upmarket. 
Noemie Heuland: Can I add something on the services? I think we've seen the PS and other line coming back in growth territory this quarter after a couple of quarters of decline. So that's a pretty good evidence of them getting also more efficient in taking customer live. We have seen some increase in the professional services margin as well. And we had a higher share now of value-added services, which is customers purchasing our services post go-live, where we also have significant value added to help those customers taking the best ROI of the development and the implementation of the solution. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes, it's a small contribution for the second quarter. Remember, it was primarily an acqui-hire where we got a lot of talented individuals, various experts in machine learning development capabilities as well as artificial intelligence. So that's the priority reason why we made this acquisition, but there's a slight -- a couple of hundred thousand dollars in the Q2 number, to be precise. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. We've seen a significant attach rate on what we call PEPM at provisioning for our new sales. It's actually in line with what we had expected and modeled ahead of the year, which is great because it was a new business model for us. And I think we're pleased with what we're seeing in terms of execution and customer appetite to go and sign those contracts with PEPM at provisioning. We expect that number to be significantly higher next year. So it's still ramping up as any new program.  And the benefit of it is -- actually, what we've observed is customers with paying recurring revenue before go-live actually getting more passionate about getting live on time, as you would expect, and actually it helps our professional services delivery team as well. So that's -- to answer your question, it's really been a program that's aligned with what we expected. The attach rate is strong, and we expect that revenue to be more material next year, and we'll start disclosing more of that. 
Noemie Heuland: I think if you start to -- I mean there's different ways you could slice and dice the number. I would argue that Ascender contribution is actually key. We've acquired those customers, and there's a plan to start cross-selling to those customers and upselling and migrating them to Dayforce. So I think that's a real -- I wouldn't necessarily back those numbers out of the normalized growth going forward.  I think we continue to see employment levels coming up. We expect to end the year pretty close to what we were pre-COVID. And Powerpay also has been significantly improving over the past few months, and we expect that to continue as well. So I think we'll communicate guidance for next year and expect growth rates for Dayforce recurring in due course. But I wouldn't necessarily back out Ascender and the like because that's really part of our overall strategy. And we start to see customers of the existing Ascender base actually buying some other modules, and we expect that to continue going forward. 
Noemie Heuland: Yes. It's really pretty consistent. I mean we said $4.5 million per quarter, and we had in Q2 a little bit of uptick due to purchase accounting adjustments as we talked about before. So that's really -- I think the message is consistent with what we've said before, both on the cloud recurring and on Bureau as well. So what happened in Q2, you had a bit of a purchase accounting adjustments, but the rest of it is consistent with what we said before. 
