David Ossip: So thanks, Samad. As you know, we are quite excited about helping the Canadian government in payments people correctly. We did bring in a very experienced subject matter expert, and we did launch the new public sector vertical probably about a quarter ago. We are seeing traction already in increased demand and pipeline build, but it's too early to really talk about the impact of that particular vertical. We'll report on it obviously more in subsequent quarters. 
David Ossip: Well, as you know, we don't provide guidance for 2020, but I can't speak about Q4, and I did mention that as well in my little talk over there. We obviously expect Dayforce revenue to continue to accelerate in Q4. And what I did point out is that we believe that the total Dayforce revenue acceleration will be driven by Dayforce recurring. Again, we typically go into a quarter with a very high degree of confidence, given that the recurring revenue is really determined by the go-live at the end of Q3 and the professional services, obviously, the contracts we're working on, mostly to get live at the end of Q4. 
David Ossip: Sure. So first of all, the number was 163, not 167, and that is the accounts that we activated in the quarter, not the accounts that we sold in the quarter. The composition of those accounts would be quite typical for what we usually would expect across different verticals. In terms of the competitors or the systems that we're replacing, it hasn't changed. About half the time, it would be a direct competitor. And the other half of the time, it will be more legacy systems, whether they'd be homegrown or more antiquated types of technology that may not be in service.  In the case of the large health care company, it was a combination of a large workforce management vendor that we replaced on the time and attendance side. And I believe, but I'm not certain, is that they had an ERP system, I think, on the payroll side. We also obviously did the full talent suite for them, too. 
David Ossip: So we obviously are very excited about the Dayforce Wallet and the launch of the Dayforce card, which will be, obviously, inside the Wallet in Q1 of next year. The reaction from the client base has been very high. We have started to take orders for activation of the Wallet in Q1, and I expect it will grow very quickly next year. 
David Ossip: Sure. So again, just as a reminder, when I look at the market in about 2010, 2011, we kind of identified that half of our addressable market was outside of the U.S. and Canada. And so we designed the platform from the very beginning to be global in nature, and that obviously deals with everything from culture to language localization. We have over 20 languages already supported, currency, FX, state formatting. We also built the rule engine in a way that we could extend it very easily into new jurisdictions. And when we first launched Dayforce in 2013, we launched it at the same time for both the U.S. and Canada, both of which are very difficult jurisdictions. Since then, we've now expanded the product into 4 additional jurisdictions. And the cost of us extending to each of these jurisdictions is probably about $1 million to $2 million of direct work for that particular jurisdiction.  We've also already built out global workforce management. So that's dealing with all the various types of time rules, contract structures that you have on a global basis. From a data privacy and protection perspective, we've built full -- what they call GDPR compliance into the product, which allows us to adhere to the various GDPR policies by different countries across Europe and the U.K.  Our plans for expansion most likely will involve some M&A, very similar to what Dayforce did with Ceridian back in 2012, 2013. We were able to partner, in that case, with Ceridian as an organization who had very deep domain knowledge, a very good distribution, but given at the time have the most modern and competitive technology. We believe that there are many such opportunities out there on a global basis where we can find companies, extend the Dayforce platform into that particular jurisdiction, using their people who have the domain knowledge and then obviously, leveraging their distribution capability to accelerate our penetration into that particular market. 
David Ossip: It's a start of the enhancements. So this gives us some basic HR and talent capability for the Powerpay customers. As you know, we have close to 50,000 different organizations that use the Powerpay product. We pay about a million people on that particular platform. This allows us immediately to go back to the Powerpay base and offer them a new functionality at a higher monthly fee. And as we build out more talent capabilities, we'll give us more ability to go back to that base in the future as well. 
David Ossip: So a few things on this. Very similar to global, when we designed the Dayforce platform, we built it in a way that we could scale to very large workforces. So highly scalable raw engine, very efficient data structures the differentiation that we see in what we call the enterprise segment, this would be with accounts that are greater than 10,000 employees, is the continuous calculation engine where every time a time sheet, HR record changes, we are able to recalculate the net earnings. The larger the customer, the more valuable that is because it gives them much more time to verify that the payroll data is correct.  As you remember, instead of waiting until the end of the pay cycle, we allow the payroll staff access to the data at the very beginning. They can run their audits, do their edits and their adjustments immediately. And that means at the end of the pay cycle, they effectively are done. We also allow organizations to enable a payroll preview for employees to view their pay slips during the active pay cycle. And much like allowing the payroll staffed early access to the data, allowing employees to verify their own data before the money is transferred, gives them much more time -- the organization, much more time to verify and to pay people accurately. The benefits of the continuous calculation engine obviously apply as well to generating useful business information for all people inside the organization, and we obviously are leveraging that now inside the Dayforce Wallet, which, again, allows employees to view what they've earned at the end of each day and the ability to access that money without any direct fees. 
David Ossip: I think you'll see a combination. Remember, even when we do an acquisition, we're not acquiring for technology. So the playbook over there is very similar to what we did with Ceridian. We would do a stop sell almost immediately. We would stop any new development on their products, put it into more of a maintenance mode. Over a 3- to 5-year period, we would look at migrating the customer base onto Dayforce. And we would use their knowledge, their people to help build out the user stories and have the Dayforce developers, obviously, build out the rule engine to handle those user stories very quickly and then to enter the market with proper momentum using -- leveraging the distribution network and such. 
David Ossip: Sure. So I'll -- first, by starting that, even in the U.S. and Canada, we already only see 2 competitors on a consistent basis. As we go global, whether it be the U.K. or Australia, it's a similar type of pattern. That there aren't that many people that actually play in the segments that we do. When I compare the U.K. to North America, I would argue that the vendors in the U.K. market are probably 10 years behind the North American players. And when I look at the Australian players, it seems that the technologies are probably another 5 to 10 years behind the U.K. So the advantages of the Dayforce platform, whether it be the full end-to-end human capital management functionality, that obviously allows us to differentiate in, what we call, the major markets up to that 6,000 employee space, having 1 database, 1 rule engine across all of the use cases around a particular worker, resonates exceptionally well in the U.K. and in Australia. And for the larger customers having that continuous calculation, this also gives them much more time to verify and validate the people getting paid correctly. 
David Ossip: That's a very good question, and that's where the M&A strategy comes in. In the last quarter, we did an acquisition of a workforce management company called RITEQ in Australia that has a presence in Australia, a little bit in New Zealand as well. And with that, we acquired several hundred customers. Immediately following the close of the acquisition, we did 2 HCM summits, one in Sydney and one in Melbourne, primarily targeting the RITEQ customer base. And we see that as a very good way of getting recognized very quickly in a particular market as a top player. 
David Ossip: If I look at our market penetration in the U.S., I would think that we probably have less than a 5% market share today. I think our technology has -- most, I think, of the investors and the banks have verified is quite differentiated, both in the end-to-end feature set as well as the continuous calculation. I would argue that we probably are 5 to 10 years ahead of the 2 other competitors in this space, and we've now proven out that we have a very robust and scalable solution with over 4,000 customers live on the actual product. The number of customers that we're taking live has obviously accelerated slightly in the size of the customers, as you can see, with some of the health care and retail wins that we discussed have obviously gone up.  So I think that you'll see us grow, first of all, in capturing more of, what I'll call, a compliance application market, which would be payroll, time and benefits. We were very strong. On the talent side, we are really fortifying our offerings around recruiting, performance management, compensation management, learning management. And our market share of various particular markets is obviously less than we see on the compliance side. So I still think there's tremendous long-term growth in that. There also is potential growth in adjacent markets where we don't play in at all, and you'll see some build or some M&A activity in those markets, probably over the next 12 to 24 months. And then on the global side, we've just really begun. And the traction we're having in the U.K. and in Australia is very positive, and I expect it to continue to be very good into the future. And we're also very excited with the potential for the Dayforce Wallet and what we can do around financial wellness. 
David Ossip: Sure. We don't report on international revenue as a percentage of overall revenue. But what I have said and we believe it to be true is that in 2019, most of the growth would come from our further penetration in major markets. In 2020, you'll see the impact in the -- our success in the enterprise market, and we believe that you'll see an impact from the global expansion in 2021 and beyond. 
David Ossip: Sure. So the way that we differentiate with the Dayforce Wallet and the Dayforce card is that each time an employee loads the Dayforce card, we do a same-day payroll for that employee, which means we did the submissions of all the necessary remittances immediately. And so we have a fully compliant solution. From a go-to-market perspective, we've been able to take it out in a way that we don't have to charge the customer an additional PEPM to offer it to their employees, and we don't change the way that they do their funding. They still fund at the end of the actual payroll cycle. And from an employee perspective, in the U.S., we don't have any direct fees for the employee either. So we believe with that, we should see very quick adoption of the product.  In terms of penetration, as I mentioned earlier, we've seen a high demand from customers who have seen it. I think the customers appreciate that we took the necessary time to do the proper research and proper consumer testing so that we can launch the product in a way that makes tremendous sense to both the employers and the workers at those particular companies. And I believe that it will be a very successful launch come Q1. 
David Ossip: Look, Raimo, I think it makes tremendous sense. We know that almost 80% of all people out there live paycheck to paycheck. We also know that when we do surveying of people, especially the younger generations, over 50% of them want to get paid much more frequently than they currently are. And the reason for that is it helps them on financial flexibility. I would -- I believe that within a period of time, I don't know if it's 5 years or 10 years, that this will obviously become the norm and the expectation of all people who work for companies. From our perspective, when you've completed a day of work, you've earned that money, it's yours. The continuous calculation allows us to calculate the net earnings for the employee, and our back office has the sophistication that we can do the same-day remittances and the money movement. So there's no technical reason why you can't offer this benefit to workers today. 
David Ossip: Well, there's continuous and then there's doing it properly. In order to do continuous calculations, you have to have a very robust time and attendance engine, and that means that you can do sophisticated calculations like retroactive adjustments. So if you make a change backwards in time during the calculation and determining the amount of money that you have to top the employer, if you change a time code from paid to unpaid or unpaid to paid, you have to recalculate that. You have to have the benefit side and the HR side working as well because it's not just time records that can lead to a change in the current period. And to do that requires a design from the very beginning that you're going to do that type of calculation. So for the others to do that, I think they would have to first build very robust time and attendance, which, as you know, there aren't many vendors out there that offer the same type of functionality that we do on the workforce management side. They would have to do the proper benefit, benefit eligibility, types of calculations that you'd have to do as well, build out the full HR module and then also build out their payroll engine. And even if they do that, they then have to develop the back end to do the tax calculations and the various remittances for the tens of thousands jurisdictions that are out there. So I think it's quite complicated to do, and I think it would take a long time for people to do it as well. 
David Ossip: So the -- so I think that the segment is actually enterprise accounts. The implementations appear to be going quite well. From our perspective, we meet on a biweekly basis where each of our segment leads gives us the forecast for both the go-lives and their project kickoffs in the particular quarter, and we monitor it very, very carefully. And when we do the planning, especially with the enterprise accounts, you sometimes get more motors because of the size of accounts and the nonprogram management you have to put on to the account in addition to things like project management. So the accounts typically are managed very, very nicely. And from the customer side, you typically have larger client team. You often have third-party resources harping on the program management and the project management side. So we feel quite comfortable with that particular segment. There are some enterprise customers going live. And as I said earlier, you would expect to see some impact from the enterprise accounts in 2020. 
David Ossip: So if you were to ask me where we focus on, we focus really on the gross profit on recurring more than we do anything else. And if I look at this particular quarter, we know that the gross profit on recurring went up by 440 basis points year-over-year. If I look at Q3, it went up by 370 basis points. If I look at Q1, it went up by 320 basis points. And that's where we get the most leverage as we scale the business. And so you'll continue to see the gross profit on recurring improve. In terms of overall investment, we will focus on growth of the organization foremost, but at the same time, we would expect to see the gross profit on recurring go up. And then on the remainder, we will take that and determine how much we'll invest that into new markets versus into profitability. 
David Ossip: Well, every year, we release probably 2 to 3 new modules. The next module that will be taken to -- that will become GA is engagement surveys and pulse surveys, and that will be in the next release. We will begin -- we've already begun showing that to our customers, and we expect that we'll have obviously a positive impact on the PEPM that we get from our customers. We are also beginning to release plus modules for the existing features. We have recruiting, recruiting plus benefits, benefit plus, where we're able to go back to the existing base and increase the PEPM we get for those modules as well as for new customers get a higher PEPM just to begin. So you'll continue to see those types of investments going forward. 
David Ossip: We don't break out retention based on segment. And we gave guidance this year between 95% and 97%, and we're tracking right in the middle for that as expected. 
Arthur Gitajn: Yes. So we had an isolated incident on Thursday, September 26. It resulted in duplicate payments for a portion of our U.S. payroll customers. We identified the issue. We corrected the underlying problem. The incident didn't create any financial exposure for any of our customers. With respect to the charge, rather than speculate about how much more we may recover, we booked a loss for the -- in the full amount of the remaining $12.6 million, but we do expect additional recoveries in Q4. And again, we'll adjust those from adjusted EBITDA. And to the extent they're material, we'll identify them and their impact on operating results. 
Arthur Gitajn: No. No. Again, the decline, excluding migrations, it was about 9.9%, which was as expected. I think if you go back, it's been in the 10% to 12% range. And likewise, the contribution of Bureau to Cloud, we would expect it to be in the 13% to 17% range, and that was also in line. 
Arthur Gitajn: No, but it's becoming less -- obviously, less and less of an issue. It's clean. Cloud is now 82% of our total revenue. 36 months ago, we just crossed the 50% line, and it's really less and less of an impact on the business. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, again, we're not forecasting 2020 right now. But I mean part of the effort to engage third parties is to have a more profitable professional services and implementation function. 
Arthur Gitajn: Well, our gross margin on Cloud recurring services is -- really on the cost side, is hosting and customer support. And we continue to get economies of scale in hosting. And on customer support, in addition to economies of scale, we also have the phenomenon of customers live for more than 2 years. The actual number of customers live for more than 2 years increased by more than 30% year-over-year. And we know from experience that customers live for more than 2 years, we have fewer customer support tickets. So we would expect gross margins on Cloud recurring services to continue to expand. And likewise, on professional services, we would expect the trend toward breakeven to continue as well. 
