Arthur Gitajn: So historically, Bureau customers have accounted for approximately 25% of the increase in Cloud revenue. We would expect that to decline to the 15% to 20% range over the next 8 quarters. 
Arthur Gitajn: Generally, no, but it's important to note that our revenue will generally increase faster there afloat because the float is associated with payroll, payroll tax deposits. And when customers migrate from Bureau to Cloud solutions, they typically buy additional functionality on the HCM side of our offering. 
Arthur Gitajn: With respect to sales and marketing, sales and marketing expenses increased $4.5 million from Q1 last year to Q1 this year. Of that $4.5 million, Lifeworks was $500,000. So say, $4 million for the HCM segment, primarily attributable to higher commission expense because we had stronger sales at the end of last year and -- or higher commission expense due to stronger sales year-over-year, and we also had some additional headcount in marketing. I'm going to hand back to David to talk about potential plans for initiatives on the sales and marketing side. 
Arthur Gitajn: Sure. So each 100 basis point increase in interest rates is projected to have a positive $16 million increase in revenues, and then that would be partially offset by a $7 million increase in interest expense on our floating term debt. 
Arthur Gitajn: We are assuming still some increase in interest rates before year-end, something in the neighborhood of -- we're -- our average in Q1 is 1.75%. We would be looking at an average for the full year in the neighborhood of 1.9%. So still a little bit of an increase through the remainder of the year. 
Arthur Gitajn: Sure. So again, our full year guidance for the year is, cloud revenue is expected to be in the range of $521 million to $524 million, and then total revenue between $730 million, $735 million. We've talked about the high level of visibility and predictability, and of course, the other side of that is that we don't have a lot of levers to pull to significantly increase our predictive results. But we do have some, and you saw them evident in the first quarter. For example, we had an uptick in Powerpay revenue which has a very short implementation cycle. We had a bit of favorable currency interest rate impacts. We had an increase in professional services and other revenue. By definition, it's nonrecurring. That's also an opportunity. And then, finally, I would note, just in passing, as Dave's talked about, we're beginning the planning process for 2019 and we're going to be considering accelerating investments and growth initiatives into the second half. We wouldn't expect any material change in revenue. However, if we have any change in our -- in the guidance we've given you for adjusted EBITDA, we'll talk about that in future quarters. 
Arthur Gitajn: Sure. So on the sales and marketing side, again, I'd note that the increase in SG&A was totally sales and marketing, and that you should expect other G&A functions to be flat to down going forward. On the R&D side -- so we would classify our R&D development and management cost basically into 3 categories, depending on the stage development. In accordance with ASC 350, we're required to capitalize certain costs associated with software developed for internal use. And because we're a true cloud company that offers our software on a subscription basis, all of our software development is for internal use. And so when the project reaches the application development phase, certain costs such as design, coding are required to be capitalized. And our capitalized software development were $6.1 million in Q1 compared to $5.4 million in Q1 last year. I'd also note in passing that the amortization of capitalized software for us is -- closely approximates the capitalization. Last year, amortization of capitalized software was $24.5 million compared to $26 million in capitalized software development. Then research and development costs that are incurred before the application development phase, and also costs that don't qualify for capitalization such as administration and training, their expense is incurred, and we include those in product development and management expense as a component of cost to revenue. And then, in the first quarter of 2018, research and development expenses were $6.4 million compared to $5.2 million in the first quarter last year. If you take those first 2 phases together, including both research and development expenses and capitalized software development, our total investment in HCM software development increased by $1.9 million or 18% to $12.5 million compared to $10.6 million last year. And finally, the third category of product development and management costs are costs related to the management of our solutions after the application development phase, and these are expensed as incurred and included in product development and management expenses as a component of cost to revenue. And in the first quarter of '17, product management expenses were $7.3 million compared to $5.6 million in the first quarter last year. 
David Ossip: Alex, last year, we began to make some small investments in Powerpay. As you can recall, the Powerpay business is largely an outbound calling business where we make contact with an opportunity and try to convert it very, very quickly. We saw some yield from those investments as Powerpay grew year-over-year by 16% or 10% on an FX-adjusted basis. As we go forward, we will be making investments now in the growth of Powerpay. We'll probably speak a little bit more about this in the Q2 call as we currently are looking at all the various ways that we can look at investing in growth. 
David Ossip: Nice to be speaking with you, Jesse. Just on global, as you said, we do now have native capabilities for Dayforce for the U.S., Canada and for the U.K. Proud to announce that we now have live customers in the U.K. using the Dayforce product. As we mentioned during the road show and before, we are currently building out additional native countries. Our go-to-market strategy in the countries will largely depend on which country. At the moment, we are using a direct sales model that is very similar to what we've done in North America. But depending on the country we go into, there may be more of a partnership strategy. In terms of timing, we also mentioned this before, it takes us about 9 months to build out a new payroll engine for a new country. And then we typically select a few customers to go live to get referenceability in that particular geography, and that's typically followed by the buildout of the business development executives who do the outbound calling to source the actual leads as well as the salespeople who do the conversion. So the time from making the decision to build out a new country until we release is about 9 months. It takes us probably about a 6 to 12 months to get the first customers live, followed by the buildout of the salespeople, and then we get the revenue. 
David Ossip: So that's an interesting question. I don't think we've ever quantified it by surveying the customers. However, from my opinion, I would say that our ability to do continuous calculations which, again, provides not only the payroll people, but the business people and the employees with access to real-time, fully costed payroll data usually is a differentiating factor and one of the reasons that clients select us. There are other reasons as well that I would point to. Typically, their client experience is typically very positive. Referenceability is quite high. And the platform, as you know, with the native capabilities in just one is a differentiator as well. 
David Ossip: So we continue to see strong traction in the upper market, which is above 6,000. I don't believe we have disclosed, and Arthur can correct me if I'm wrong, the number of customers that we saw above 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 or 40,000, but we did see a traction in those markets. 
David Ossip: Nice to speak with you, Karl. The IPO obviously was a tremendous milestone for Ceridian, and we're very proud of what we've accomplished. We were pleased with how the market responded to the Ceridian story which, as you know, is the transformation of the company into one of the leading cloud human capital management businesses. In terms of pipeline and closed rates, we continue to see strong traction inside the market. That, though, has been going on for quite some time, and it's too soon to tell if the IPO has had a material impact on that. 
David Ossip: Sure. As I mentioned earlier, we're in the early stages of determining which of the growth strategies to fund. There are a number of areas that we are currently looking at. The first is additional headcount in the business development executives. These are the people who do outbound calling to identify active HCM projects. Alongside that, we are looking at increasing the headcount in sales across -- in sales resources across segments. We are also looking at having additional HCM summits. This, again, is where we bring a group of opportunities to a particular location and take them through the Ceridian/Dayforce story. They've been very successful for us in the past. Our next HCM summit is in a few weeks in New York. We are also looking at additional modules to add to the Dayforce platform. Again, as I had mentioned during the road show, it typically takes us about 9 months to get the minimal viable products stood up for a new talent module. Historically, we've been building out about 1 or so per year. Now we obviously can increase the buildout of the actual platform. I mentioned also previously, we're looking at additional investments in Powerpay, which includes both additional outbound callers as well as some R&D work to add some additional HR and talent functionality to that particular platform. In terms of the U.K. market, we're looking at ramping up the BDEs and the sales executives as well as having one or more HCM summits. And as well, we're looking at a number of initiatives around the demands of the emerging gig economy. 
David Ossip: So right now, our #1 priority is making sure that the clients have a very pleasant experience with Ceridian. So we are quite sensitive to the client's ambitions as to what they would like to do. That being said, we have made adjustments in our sales model for the existing Bureau customers, where we are now pairing a new business sales executive with an account executive to help the client make the right decision for them in terms of movement to the Dayforce platform. 
David Ossip: Well, the process has been going on for quite a few years, and we have done, I believe, a very good job in keeping the Bureau customers aware of all of the benefits of the Dayforce platform. We have our annual INSIGHTS Conference in October, and generally, we get very good participation of the Bureau customers at that event, as we have a number of training programs for their HR and payroll professionals. It comes down to a matter of having a conversation with the client about their short- and longer-term objectives and whether or not they would like to take advantage of the continuous calculations and the single-platform benefits of the Dayforce application. 
David Ossip: So we don't report our attachment rates on the talent modules. As we've discussed beforehand, we generally sell in terms of bundles, and we get the -- our largest bundles in our midmarket segment, which effectively goes from about 500-or-so to about 2,500 employees is where we typically would see those particular customers buying the full end-to-end HCM suite. 
David Ossip: Siti, I'll talk in terms of realization, because I think that's more relevant. When we are playing in the middle segment, which, again, is around that 500 to 2,500 employee range, we see realization rates are somewhere between $25 and $30 when the clients buy the full bundle. Now that's obviously less than if you took the -- if you were to take the sum of all of the individualized modules, as there is a little bit of discounting when the clients buy the full bundle. In terms of aspirations, there's still a lot for us to build on the platform, and they vary between certain types of features that would add between $1 of PEPM to about $5 to $10 of PEPM. 
David Ossip: It's hard to quantify, but what I can say is if we look at the overall employment numbers, I believe about 40% of the workforce is expected to be flexible workers by 2020. So that obviously is a sizable opportunity for us. What makes it attractive is that our continuous pay calculation allows us effectively to do same-day pay. So you can imagine a situation where you clock in with a mobile device, clock out with a mobile device, and as you clock out, the employee's able to receive the amount, net of all the withholdings, and that's being transferred immediately to a digital wallet or a bank account. 
David Ossip: I think the answer to that really depends on market segmentation. At the moment, we are still very focused on improving the client implementation experience. We've done a lot of work in terms of automation around our Activate technology as well as our Dayforce Link technology, which handles the interface and with hundreds of different types of third-party software and carrier feed providers. We currently do use third parties to augment our implementation teams, and in some cases, they do the end-to-end implementation. As we go upmarket, we typically find that there is a higher opportunity to bring in larger SIs to those end-to-end implementations or to leverage those resources for the change management and the program management features of those particular programs. As we expand also on a global basis, we typically leverage partners as well who have the local domain knowledge and the experience and resources to do those specific types of implementations. But in summary, I would say it's still early days. Give us a few quarters to come back to you on that question. 
David Ossip: I don't believe we've seen a change in the competitive environment. Typically, about half the time, we replace an incumbent, and the other half, we typically seem to replace what we term white space being -- and white space defined as very old technologies, in-house built solutions, vendors that no longer are around. That refers to what's inside the barrel side of the actual product. In terms of workforce management, we also typically replace probably more white space opportunities. You see us do a lot of in-house time and attendance systems and in-house scheduling systems that we replace. On the talent modules, it depends on what we're selling. Typically, with recruiting, you replace a point solution almost all of the time. Performance management and compensation management, you often replace spreadsheets and e-mail. Employee onboarding, we typically replace a lot of paper. So in terms of what we replace really depends on the bundle that's being sold. Workforce management continues to be a very strong differentiator for us. In the most recent Nucleus Research report, once again, they positioned us as the leader of the Leader quadrant. We find that workforce management is important for a number of reasons. First, a lot of the compliance calculations require access to the hour and now even the scheduling information to do the calculations correctly. And the fact that we have this continuous calculation allows us to do a lot of these compliance calculations more efficiently than the competitors. As well the fact that the pay engine and the workforce management engine runs in entirety in the scheduling side of the app, we also are able to help organizations avoid various types of penalties and irregular costs that they may not be aware of, just given the complexity of the actual environment. Workforce management also is a differentiator for more of the white-collared or desktop workers as well. We're finding that with some of the new multi-jurisdictional rules for higher earners where people move across states, you now have to track the hours. And the various states have those hourly thresholds as to when you have to do withholdings and file the state W-2s. We obviously do that very, very nicely. The other area that we see workforce management as a differentiator is invariably staffed organizations where we're able to use our labor forecasting, our labor deployment, our schedule optimization, labor compliance and schedule compliance rule sets to allow organizations to more effectively staff their various locations, and that typically leads to very strong ROIs across our customer base. 
David Ossip: I don't believe we report out on the pipeline metrics. But as I have said, we continue to see strong momentum in the market and strong demand in the market. 
David Ossip: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. In closing, we are excited by all that we have accomplished to date at Ceridian. Our recent IPO was a significant milestone for the company, and we're pleased with our strong performance in the first quarter. However, these are just steps forward in a longer journey as we continue our longer-term aspiration to be a cloud company generating more than $1 billion of revenue, growing at more than 20% per year with gross margins greater than 75% and EBITDA margins greater than 30%. We remain dedicated to building and delivering innovative technology that helps companies better engage and manage their employees, because when their employees succeed, our customers succeed, and when our customers succeed, we succeed. Thank you, again, everyone, for your interest in Ceridian and joining us for the call today. 
