Timothy Cook: We are thrilled to see the Mac at 33% growth rate. It is about two times the market and so I wouldn’t want to predict what will occur in the future. As you know, we don’t do that other than to give guidance. I would point out that some of the markets that we are in, the Mac group was absolutely spectacular. As an example, Italy, France, Switzerland and Spain all grew at 40% or higher. Australia was up over 70%. China was up almost 100%. So there are some markets out there that we are doing extremely well in, and we will just have to see where it takes us. We believe that we are shipping the best products that we have ever shipped before and are very confident about the pipeline. 
Timothy Cook: First of all, AT&T is a great partner. We have been working with them since well before we announced the first iPhone to get it out. I think it is important to remember that they have more mobile broadband usage than any other carrier in the world. In the vast majority of locations, we think that iPhone customers are having a great experience from the research that we have done. As you know, AT&T has acknowledged that they are having some issues in a few cities and they have very detailed plans to address these. We have personally reviewed these plans and we have very high confidence that they will make significant progress towards fixing them. 
Timothy Cook: For this quarter compared to last quarter, we are continuing to see the market is very constrained in DRAM, and we do expect that will drive prices higher sequentially. For the vast majority of the other commodities, it appears to us that the excess inventories that caused prices to fall last year have been depleted and are more in a supply/demand balance. The one exception to that is the 3.5 inch drive which will be supply constrained. 
Timothy Cook: First of all, on the channel inventory question, we ended the quarter with approximately 2.7 million units in the channel. I would remind you that includes demos and also includes in-transit inventory that has been invoiced at the carrier and so we probably count that in a more conservative manner than others might. In terms of seasonal, I think Peter will comment on that. 
Timothy Cook: We typically do not disclose units by country, but given the visibility of this one, I will do so. We started selling in China as you know at the very end of October and beginning of November. Earlier this month, we had cumulatively activated over 200,000 units, crossing the 200,000 unit mark. We ramped the point of sales across that period of time to end at about 1,500 by the end of Q1, and we are very, very focused on the quality of the point of sale and customer experience. We would prefer to move slow because we are building the brand for the long-term and we are very much focused on the long-term in that market because we think there is significant potential there.  I wouldn’t want to forecast where sales will go and what we may or may not do from a partner point of view. We are very happy with working with China Unicom. They are an excellent partner for us and I am thrilled we are underway and have got about 2.5 months experience under our belt. 
Timothy Cook: You are correct. Channel inventory grew by about 230,000 units from the beginning to the end of the quarter to around the 2.7 million level. We are completely comfortable with it. We could have sold a lot more and elected not to because we are managing inventories very tightly. I am not putting a target of 4-6 weeks out there on iPhone. We do have that target on iPod as you know and we have a target on the Mac of 4-5. We ended under the Mac number and we ended within the iPod number despite although we did pull the inventory on the iPod down from beginning to end of the quarter by about 150,000 units.  On the phone, we obviously had expansion through the quarter in terms of the number of carriers we are dealing with within some existing countries and also launched some larger countries like China and Korea and really needed more inventory than we started with. I feel totally comfortable with it. 
Timothy Cook: I wouldn’t want to take away your joy of surprise on Wednesday when you see our latest creation. So I will delay that for Wednesday. 
Timothy Cook: We have just really got going in China. I really like what I see so far. Although the average income is not nearly as high as perhaps the United States and some other western European markets, there is a significant size middle class and up there. I think to do a real deep analysis, you really have to look not just at the averages but at the distribution of income within these countries. We have been selling in Brazil for a while and are learning about Brazil as well. The Brazilian economy is different than the Chinese economy because the duties are very significant and the taxes are very significant there which tends to compound the price.  But we are very focused on these markets. In fact, if you look at greater China last quarter, which is China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, our revenues tripled year-over-year in that geography which is I think phenomenal by any measure. We have a tremendous focus on it. As was alluded to earlier in the call, 58% of our revenue last quarter was from outside the United States and it is clear as you can look at our numbers our growth rates are much higher outside the US. We realize we must do well in these markets to continue to grow. 
Timothy Cook: I think it is early to comment on the halo from the iPhone to the Mac. As you know, we did feel strongly that did exist with the iPod. On a corporate basis, the iPhone really saw a significant acceleration of acceptance and exploration after we announced the iPhone 3GS and associated operating system in the mid part of the year. As I think Peter mentioned in some of his opening comments, 70% now of the Fortune 100 are actively piloting it or deploying it. If you look internationally, about 50% of the FT 100 is doing the same.  So there are some…those are some pretty staggering numbers when you think about the time period we have been in the business. It is only 2.5 years. Several of the requests from enterprises really implemented in the June/July timeframe, so we feel great about what is happening there. 
Timothy Cook: Primarily, what we have seen in the countries that we have done this in is that the sales are largely incremental as we add carriers. As you know, we have added carriers in the U.K. I think when our market share comes up there you will see a significant change. We have added carriers in France. I am pleased to say the latest GFK numbers for market share in France is over 60% for the October/ November timeframe. We have added carriers in the Scandinavian countries and saw market share increases. I think we will see the same in Canada when we get the market share numbers for Canada.  That is what we have seen so far. However, we have also selected in most cases countries that we thought that would happen in. I don’t want to imply that would happen in every market or that we are headed that way in every market. 
Timothy Cook: We have done a tremendous amount on the product side itself by implementing tons of features in the latest OS for iPhone that several of our enterprise customers had desired. Secondly, we have added sales staff to assist the carrier staff in selling the iPhone in several of the major geographies. So, yes, this is a key focus of ours. 
Timothy Cook: We saw a small year-over-year increase in Pro software sales. This is Final Cut, Aperture and Pro Audio space. We use that as a proxy for how many of our Pro machines are being sold in that space. I would still describe that as an economically challenged area currently. I hope we see improvement as we move forward but I am not projecting it. 
Timothy Cook: The great thing is, and I am talking about the Mac here specifically, was the combination between K-12 and higher ed in the US was up 16% year-over-year and that is the best growth rate we have seen since before the recession began. So we feel great about how we came out of the quarter. We had very few orders that were supported with stimulus funds. I would hope that would change in the future although I don’t know if that will happen or not.  Our whole ed business is based on we really understand teaching and learning and student achievement at a very deep level and we think we are the only technology company that really gets it. So we sell a lot more than just boxes as many other people do. I think with staying very focused on that market, I think we can continue to do well and I was thrilled to see the results we hit last quarter. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, as you know, we are reporting our results for the December quarter today under the new accounting principles, and the guidance we provided as you said was under the historic principle, so the two are not comparable. Let me try and help. Actually I would like to first start with revenue. Our actual revenue of $15.68 billion exceeded the guidance that we gave under the old accounting principles by over $4 billion and roughly half of that was attributed to the performance of the business. We set records for Mac and iPhone shipments, had a great iTunes quarter and by the way iPod touch up very strongly 55%.  The accounting change accounted for the other half of the $4 billion. We focused our attention on converting to the new accounting which was really complex and I am so proud of how hard the finance team and the systems teams worked to accomplish this so quickly after the FASB amended the standards. So we didn’t spend as much time really diving into the gross margin but I can tell you that the December quarter gross margin of 40.9% was a bit better than we expected heading into the quarter due to three factors. The first is we did experience a better commodity environment than we had anticipated. Second, we had better warranty performance and lower freight and duty costs than we had planned and we did benefit from the higher revenue and leveraged some of our fixed costs.  As we go forward to the March quarter, I would expect gross margin to be about 39%, down a little bit sequentially as a result of three factors, all about equal in size. The first is we do expect a higher component environment and some other costs in the March quarter relative to what we saw in December. Second, we will have a very typical seasonal decline in revenue, so we won’t have as much leverage on our fixed costs and we won’t have the benefit of a couple of small one-time items we had in the December quarter not repeating. Finally, the US dollar has strengthened here in the new calendar year from where we were in the December quarter and that is having an impact as well. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I think you are maybe alluding to our event on Wednesday. I don’t have anything to share with you today. So please stay tuned. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I will talk about all three of our product areas. For Mac, we would expect to see a sequential decline, which is very typical in the March quarter from the December holiday quarter. For iPod, we certainly would expect to see the same. Given that our expectations of traditional iPod sales will decrease over time, the sequential decline may be a little bigger than we have seen in prior years. We don’t have a lot of experience with iPhone, but are certainly gaining some, and given the quarter ended after Christmas, we would expect to see a sequential decline in the March quarter from December, which is we think very seasonal. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, the cash generation in the quarter was very, very strong. GAAP earnings under the new accounting, which have a very small deferral for iPhone and Apple TV were just under $3.4 billion and our cash increased by $5.8 billion. Our cash flow from operations was about equal to our total cash generation. That really speaks to the power of our business model and our asset management. To answer your question, I don’t see that changing. We are very, very good with our receivables and inventory management and with payables as well. We have been operating on a cash conversion cycle in a range of about a negative 40 days for as many years as I can remember and I am not looking to see that change. 
Peter Oppenheimer: As I commented before, it is very difficult for us to talk about gross margin on a year-over-year basis because we are in different product cycles, different commodity cycles, currency and mix could be different and other factors as well. I do see our gross margin coming down a bit on a sequential basis form where we ended the December quarter and I can go back through that if you want but I answered that in Rich’s question. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We expect our CapEx in fiscal 2010 to be about $1.9 billion. That is unchanged from what we told you a quarter ago. About $400 million of it is in retail and about $1.5 billion not in retail. The areas we are focused on that exclude retail are of course our facilities and infrastructure and some of our systems areas and manufacturing. 
Peter Oppenheimer: For competitive reasons, we don’t want to share much of the answers to the question you asked. I am sorry. Again it is for competitive reasons. What I will share with you is we are way ahead of our competitors with over 100,000 apps on our store. That dwarfs anybody we are competing with. We provided many, many great applications with our developers to customers. That is helping us with both iPhone and iPod touch. It was one of the few reasons why iTunes set a record in the quarter. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I will start with the second question first. We did have a lower tax rate for the first quarter and your tax rate is really the one part of the guidance where under GAAP it is annual. So at this point we expect our tax rate to be about 29% for fiscal 2010 and when I last spoke with you in October we had expected it to be 30%. So yes it is down a point and it is down a point because of a higher mix of foreign earnings. So if foreign earnings were to grow beyond what we had thought about for the year then our tax rate may very well be lower.  In terms of our Quattro and Lala acquisition, we acquired Quattro because we wanted to offer a seamless way for our developers to make more money on their apps, especially those that are providing free apps. We occasionally acquire small companies from time to time for their technology and talent. That is why we do it. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We have told you our philosophy on cash. I don’t have a change in that philosophy to share with you today but nothing is forever. Regarding the App Store and the iTunes stores, we are running those a bit over break even and that hasn’t changed. We are very excited to be providing our developers with a fabulous opportunity and we think that is helping us a lot with the iPhone and the iPod touch platform. 
Peter Oppenheimer: There are some fixed costs but the variable cost structure is high and we are investing a lot in these stores. As revenue grows, we are just continuing to invest more to give both developers and customers the best experience in the world. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Let me clarify this for you. I talked about how we are accounting for an iPhone sale in two elements, the first being the initial hardware and software that somebody would buy and walk out of the store with. The second element being the right to receive future upgrades when and if they become available. We have estimated the selling price of that upgrade for iPhone to be about $25. So in terms of what we have done here in the revision of our financial statements we went back and applied a $25 deferral to all iPhones we had sold in the past and a $10 deferral to Apple TV. When you look at all the things we put out today in terms of income statements, balance sheet and cash flow, you will see there is substantially less deferred revenue on those balance sheets and no deferred costs.  We are recognizing the deferred revenue from the $25 deferral each quarter in our balance sheet. So to help you be sure you have your models correct on a go-forward basis, we essentially recognized about $110 million in the December quarter for the $25 we deferred for all the iPhones we sold over the past two years. So we deferred $25 on the 8.7 million iPhones that were sold in the quarter, so that came out of revenue. But then we put in about $110 million from the amortization that occurred from the past few year’s sales. Does that make sense?Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets : For you, on Asia Pac and Japan, CPU sales were particularly strong. And moreover if you look at Asia Pac the revenues were about, the year-over-year growth rate was about three times than the CPU units. I just want to try and understand in Japan and Asia Pac, it looks like a pretty strong mix up in terms of computers but also just underlying strength. I wanted to hear if you could offer some color around that please. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Actually, I did not say that. That is actually not something that we have the time to try and figure out. As I said before, the team did just an amazing job to implement this new accounting within four months of the FASB ratifying it. The comments I made was our revenue of $15.68 billion under the new accounting exceeded the guidance we gave under the old accounting by over $4 billion. About half of that was driven by the amazing performance of the business and the other half was driven by the accounting change. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We work with Google in some areas and we compete with them in others. I think mobile advertising is just in its infancy. And with the great folks we have acquired and are going to be working with at Quattro, we look forward to providing our developers with a great opportunity from mobile advertising and that is what we know at this point. 
Peter Oppenheimer: No, we are in infancy and I honestly don’t know. We will have to see. We are going to work hard to provide the developers a great opportunity and we will see where that takes us. 
