Kenneth F. Spitler: Once again, I am pleased with the operational results we achieved during the quarter. Our operating company's did a great job managing the business during the quarter. Operating expenses were down $132 million or 9.5% compared to the prior year, mainly due to the lower payroll expenses. Our headcount is down 5% year-over-year and 9% over two years as we improve productivity throughout the company.  Expense levels also reflect our pay-for-performance culture as incentive-based compensation continues to be down from the prior year. As a result, our operating margin improved 0.4 points to 5.5%. These results achieved in a tough environment reflect the broad range of capabilities and commitment of our operating companies.  Our sales during the quarter were impacted by deflation of 3.4%, which has majored as an estimated change in the cost of products we buy. We weathered similar levels of deflation in the early 2000s and we believe we will manage through these challenges again by continuing to find ways to operate more efficiently. We continue to lead the industry in operational efficiency and I'm pleased with how our companies continue to perform. For example, in our U.S. Broadline company's year-over-year during the first quarter our diesel gallon usage decreased 2.3%, cases per trip increased 1% and warehouse cases per man hour improved 5%.  However, these numbers only tell part of the story as they each represent improvements on top of improved results from the prior year. For example, over the past two years, comparing the first quarter of 2010 to the first quarter of 2008, we improved our error frequency per cases shipped to an error rate of 1 out of 1,700 from an error rate of 1 out of 1,200 cases. Cases per trip increased 3.4% and total sales per employee increased 6%.  Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $109 million. Looking ahead, we still expect capital spending for the full year to be in the range of $600 million to $650 million as we continue to invest in our business. This spending includes maintenance items, such as ongoing fleet replacement and facility repairs and growth items, such as expansions of our current facilities and potential foldouts. Our capital spending also includes expenditures related to our ongoing ERP project.  As we discussed last quarter, the ERP project is about a lot more than technology. We are taking the opportunity to review many of our processes to find ways to further streamline our operations and grow our business. In the end, the technology is an enabler for what we are designing, which is a business transformation. We have largely completed the design work and will provide an update on the project in December. In closing, I'd like to thank all of our associates for their continued hard work to support our customers and improve our operations. Now I'll turn it over to Chris for a discussion of our financial results for the quarter.
Kenneth F. Spitler: Yes, actually Ajay there's still, again, we're shipping cases so a lot of our transportation and warehouse are 1 to 1. However we are beginning to build our sales force again, so last quarter we added marketing associates. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Jay, this is Ken. Yes, we've just begun a reemphasis of brand and brand sales, reemphasis in our sales force and in our sales meetings start driving those numbers back up. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Meredith, we certainly hope out customers are pleased with it. The stimulus package certainly was an answer to a lot of discounting that has gone on in our competitive landscape. It was well received by our marketing associates and well received by our customers.  It was in an effort to just stimulate, so to speak, our customers and help our customers in a lot of areas where it was commodity type items that drive a lot of their food costs. So it was well received. Yes, we think we're doing the right things. Our play book hasn't changed we've just got them all in play. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Yes, we think about mid-December, of course, we benefit from the good comparison from bad numbers. But, yes, we actually feel like with the work that we've done on expenses that we could do very well with flat cases. And we feel like that we can do enough to start moving the cases in a positive direction in the second half of the year. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Yes, it gets a little harder when we wrap around the next couple of quarters, but again, we're feeling positive about being able to exert some pressure on the competitors and move the cases forward. And at the expense level that we're at right now, we feel like we can do very well there. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Yes, that's about the size of it. Actually, just a little pickup in cases really greases our system better. Our system works better with a little pressure on it.
Kenneth F. Spitler: I think our sales force is pretty good at managing and we've had, unfortunately, more experience than we want managing the deflationary times and inflationary times. And the stimulus was not big enough to knock a hole in our margins, but just big enough to kind of stimulate some sales activity. And again, we're just managing.  We spend a lot of time and have spent a lot of time for fear out of that when we started stimulating sales that we did not want margins to go over the waterfall, so to speak, so we spent an awful lot of time with our sales force managing how to manage those individual margins at the individual customers, and I think that's been very successful for us.
Kenneth F. Spitler: I don't think that's too optimistic. I think that some of our smaller competitors have been in this difficult time for some time now. It was a relatively small competitor that went out of business. You see that occasionally. And we participate in the right way in these orderly shutdowns where we try to help them salvage something out of their business. So we like to be on the front end of these, as we categorize them, orderly shutdowns so that kind of everybody survives in it, but we anticipate seeing really more of that and I think it's just a difficult time for some of these smaller guys. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: Basically we do that through the business review process where we know these customers. The real question is what's sticky, and we like to invest in the money or invest some of these savings that you say where we know it's going to have a long-term sticky effect. It's just been our experience over the years that when you kind of do it wholesale, it doesn't stick. 
Kenneth F. Spitler: We don't know if it's stabilized or not. The numbers that we're hearing is around 15,000 to 18,000 closures so far.
Kenneth F. Spitler: We're in the process of making that decision now and what I can tell you is we're fairly positive about it.
William J. DeLaney: Well, the meat is down currently and has been for a while. Poultry is up a little bit. Seafood is down. Grocery items are kind of up and down you might say, Meredith. So our numbers right now are being driven by the dairy primarily, a little bit by produce and meat. So to your point, we're going to wrap some of those numbers on a year-over-year basis. We've got Larry Pulliam here today. I'll let him speak a little bit to what he's seeing in some of the commodities. 
William J. DeLaney: Well, clearly the comparisons get a little bit easier as we get deeper into the second quarter and the second half of the year, so that should get us back toward that breakeven level. The only hesitancy you're going to hear in my voice is just, like I alluded to a few minutes ago John, it's still a fairly fragile environment out there. So some weeks are better than others.  But the pattern we have seen in recent weeks and the reason you hear a little more optimism in our words is this rate of decline has stabilized. We're hopeful that we're moving in the right direction. What's not clear is to what extent we're going to see growth in the second half of the year, how much. 
William J. DeLaney: That's a hard one to call, John. We think we're competing very well as I've said, but we work of the [Technomus] number and we'll see where they come in for they year and they tend to revise their numbers, but we certainly think we're holding our own there. 
William J. DeLaney: I can't say that. All I can tell you there, John, is we're still talking to some people. The pipeline is not as deep as we'd like to see. The expectation is case-by-case. So we had a situation over the last few days where it looks like one of our competitors may have gone out of business in one of the markets and we'll pick up some business there. So one way or another we're going after the business. We'd like to acquire them and hopefully they'll find us. Like I said, I think we've been saying this to you, we're becoming more proactive, but in the end it takes two people to make a deal work. 
William J. DeLaney: Well, we're going to talk more about the ERP program in December in terms of what the impact of that is short-term and longer term. As far as the comparisons second half of the year, they do become more challenging in the third and fourth quarters. I'll let Ken speak to the headcount and that type of thing, but there's still room for improvement. There's a law of dimension returns here at some point, but we still think we can make improvement on the expense side. 
William J. DeLaney: To come at your question from both sides, we really need to see some case growth here the second half of the year to improve the expenses. 
William J. DeLaney: A lot of this, we get into these discussions on what's fixed and what's variable, so we'd love to have the problem where it comes back so radically that we're up 8%, 10% and all of a sudden now you're talking about hiring people. But I think what we're realistically hoping for is a modest level of growth, and again Ken can speak to this more than me, but the reality is if you get a little bit of a case pickup, we can handle that for the most part with the drivers that we have, with the warehouse people that we have, and certainly with the other sales support. We would like to see the sales the MA numbers start to pickup, but we can handle a moderate level of case growth with the folks we have out there today.
William J. DeLaney: I don't think there's any one thing driving it. Hopefully what comes through in our conferences and these types of calls is we're managing the business very aggressively at the account level and certainly cost control is a big part of it, but we need to be competitive. The environment is extremely competitive out there right now, but our people know that they need to make a profit on the sales as well. So it's more of an account-by-account management opportunity, that type of thing.
William J. DeLaney: The challenge with deflation is not so much the percentages obviously it's the dollars, so far we've been doing a nice job of continuing to create enough dollar growth to offset the expenses.
William J. DeLaney: Again, one of the points we try to make is, the answer is yes, but we do it account-by-account basis. So we've got 8,000 give or take commission salespeople out there today selling groceries, so where it makes sense, that's what we're doing. And where it's the right thing for the customer and the right things for Sysco, that's what we're doing. What we don't necessarily subscribe to, the stimulus thing was a good thing to create some excitement commodity items like Ken talked about.  It really wasn't so large that it was going to move the needle on gross profit one way or another. But my point is what we don't do is get into these wholesale promotion-type activities, which frankly our experience and I think even other people's experiences are that that's a very slippery slope to go down. So we certainly reinvest in our business and in our customers but on an account-by-account basis.
William J. DeLaney: I think the one trend we can speak to is we're not seeing a lot of openings. It's still pretty tough out there.
William J. DeLaney: I think it's very intense. I don't know that it's any worse in October than it was in the summer and into September, but it's still very competitive out there.
William J. DeLaney: Most of it is reduced same-store volume, Bob. There's certainly some of what you mentioned there and there's more in lost business and people going out of business than what we've seen in years gone by. But in terms of what we look at, when you look at penetration, that's really where most of that lost business is, which is at our customer level.
William J. DeLaney: Again, we'll file the Q so it's not in this quarter earnings release that we're looking at today. What I can say is I think you'll see good operating leverage in the operating segments, but you're going to see sales declines.
William J. DeLaney: Yes, I can tell you it was COLI. The way that falls out in the segments, a lot of the corporate expenses get dropped into that other area, I think. I'm going to ask you to follow-up with Neil later because I'm shooting from the hip here, but I think it had to be a corporate type of item that would have impacted it in that way.
