Bill DeLaney: Good morning, Karen. I will start and I don’t know how far Chris can go with that second part, but I will give a shot at that. One of the things we want to be carefully of this one is that, we don’t want to be in a position where we’re trying to articulate a point of view with the FTC. They will have plenty of opportunity to do that. So what I would say is a good, a very high percentage of the conversation over the last several weeks and really months has been around their concern of -- they believe that there is a national market. They believe that there are customers out there that will only buy from distributors who have a national footprint. We disagree with that. We see and live that every day where customers -- some of these larger customers will buy from multiple distributors, they might buy from regionals or multi-regionals, they may buy from us and/or US or PFG, and they obviously buy from specialty firms. Some may buy from only a few of us. Some may actually put most of their business with one or two of us. But our point of view is that when we compete for that business, we are competing not just with US Food and PFG, but DMA, but with a lot of regionals, who are now multi-regionals. And even in the situation where certain customers will work with a fewer number of distributors that opportunity to work with more is always in the room when you are negotiation our peer new business. So, I think, again, I can’t make their case for them, but I think that’s been where we spent a lot of the time in the conversation of how we address their concerns about how these customers continue to get good service and appropriate pricing. And that is why we ultimately, even though we disagree with the position, we are willing to put forth the divestiture package which we believe from our perspective, based on our knowledge of the business, our knowledge of the competitive landscape should allow PFG to go out and compete very well in the way that the FTC would hope. So that’s my best way of describing it today. As we've said, we will have some more opportunity to speak with the FTC and the five commissioners here over the next week or two and I am sure there will be more information coming out of those meetings.
Bill DeLaney: John, I will start there as well. I think in terms of the biggest opportunities, they are generally always going to be on the operational side. So some of our G&A costs are up this year, a fair amount of that was planned some of the work we are doing with these initiatives in the technology area. Our selling costs are up a little more than we planned, but our gross profit is higher. So that one doesn’t concern me as much. That takes you to the supply chain operations, and we’ve just got more work to do there in terms of improving our productivity at a rate commensurate with where our costs go up. And we tend to be very good in this area but we’ve got a lot of initiatives going on in this area as well. I’ve mentioned Scott and he has been with us a couple of years. And with our new enterprise structure, his functional group working hand in hand with our operating company leadership to basically strike the right balance between what we need to do support our customers each and every day but also putting better and more consistent best practices, monitor them better, get our compensation schemes in line with our productivity. So a lot of work to be done in that area and more to do but I would say, that’s what the biggest opportunity is.
Bill DeLaney: As far as the merger, I would say, on the merger, Chris talked to this. And I let him address it again. I think we’re seeing opportunities through these synergies to do better. The challenge there will be to do what we’ve done, a nice job so far. I mean, so far, when you hear me speak, we’d be really proud as management team and frankly all of our folks. We’ve done a nice job of being able to separate all the work and all the hours and the pressure is going on with the integration planning and still be able to run our business pretty well. So that’s the biggest challenge I see post close here as to -- continue to run these businesses but drive out at that point of synergies. So I think, when we get to that point, we’ll talk to you more and we’ll have to come up with some ways to speak to how we’re making progress here and still making sure we’re shipping groceries in the right way to our customers.
Bill DeLaney: Good morning. We did speak to that. We still have some of those situations. It’s abated some. The source of that is really two-fold, one, over the last few years -- we will see what the next few months bring with the price of oil but over the last few years, several of our markets are very much energy driven or intensive. There is a lot of good jobs out there on the energy side. Some of those jobs are very competitive or more competitive in terms of lifestyle and wages to what we offer. And so in those markets where energy has been strong, we struggled to some extent, too early to tell if that’s going to abate. The other part quite candidly is we’ve had some internal issues in certain markets where as we’ve centralized some of our hiring practices and begun to coordinate that process between the OpCo and our SBS center. Certainly, we went pretty fast and aggressively and there were some markets where we didn't execute as well we should have. So we're also catching up in those areas. So there is still a handful out there too that we have some issues but it has abated and I would expect it to continue to improve.
Bill DeLaney: I’d say, it’s pretty pronounced in Southwest and we’re seeing that for several quarters now. I would also tell you -- interesting right now when we look at the numbers up December, January or early February, if you recall, we had some really severe weather last year when we had -- we’re getting more weather now over the last week or two. As you look at the markets, you can kind of see where the weather impacted last year and whether weather didn’t impact last year. So I would say, the Southwest and the West Coast, in particular, were doing well. It’s hard to tell how much of that is the market and how much of that is our leadership in those markets but those two in particular. And right now looks like quarter is off to a pretty good start in terms of their season.
Bill DeLaney: I think you should look at it from the perspective of what we’re saying, which is we’ve had a lot of time and a lot of opportunity to have discussions with the FTC and as well as address remedies to concerns that they have, which we don’t share but which we certainly want to address because, it’s disruptive type business, it’s disruptive to the business that we are acquiring and it’s disruptive to our customers. So, we are trying to find a remedy here and obviously they haven’t agreed anything at this point. So, I think it will be determined.
Bill DeLaney: I think there is many of reasons, Meredith. I think some of it is mix, right. So, lot of inflation is in this higher dollar cost, boxes of meat and dairy this last quarter. So it’s partially mix. It’s certainly is partially, as I’ve talked in the past alone to your point. So one of the things we do with customers continually, especially now is to try to listen to them, understand what their needs are, understand where they are going with their menu. And if there is some more cost effective ways for them to buy from us and to still position their menu, advantage is where and that’s what we do. So if they can offer more poultry dishes or other types of ally card items that is the plan maybe what they’ve formally done with cheese or with beef then, there is some of that going on as well. I mean, our case growth still is very good in these inflationary categories I think it’s the mix I think it’s -- trying to find the right price point if you will for our customers. And I think it is hard to imagine inflation, but our point is we’ve been doing a better job of it here over the last year or two. And I think category management speed is beginning to help also and some of our other initiatives in terms of product training, in terms of our sales people being able to sit down have good propel conversations with our customers. So it’s a lot of things, but probably mix would be as big as any.
Bill DeLaney: No, not exactly, what we -- the goal is with category management is to help our customers and ourselves frankly optimize -- in our case optimize their SKUs over time, There is plenty of work still to be down there, help them use those products that we are bringing to them to augment their menu in the right way, maybe changing up a bit makes sense. But for both of us to make commitments for the customer to commit with us and for us to commit with our suppliers to take cost out of the system and to be able to buy these products better, and to realize those savings both on Sysco’s bottom line as well as the bottom line. And I think, we are starting to see nice traction there on that part of it. Longer-term, we as an opportunity to really differentiate ourselves in the marketplace with expanded product lines, maybe broader not as deep, perhaps in some of the SKUs they don’t move as fast where we can have more customize offerings to customers as we better understand their needs and better understand the process. And then also use this platform to bring more innovation to the offering. So in the short-term, I would look at it as an opportunity to partner more strategically with our customers, buy more efficiently, and to pass some of those savings along to the customer base. And for both of us to optimize our SKUs with the long-term goal of being able to really bring more innovation and more differentiation to the product line.
Bill DeLaney: Great question, hard to answer, Ed. I think we’re hopeful on the -- some of this positive consumer sentiment that’s been out there for a while begins to get to our customer base and that will translate into more industry growth. Our quarterly numbers as you track them, you see they have been float around between 2% and 3% here over the last few quarters. We do have a positive growth for the locally managed customers now, which we didn’t have a year ago. So that’s a big part of it which coming back to mix and the different way customer mix. We’ve spent, as you can appreciate, a lot of time and effort over the last 15 months with best practices and how to manage margin better and still effectively deliver customers need in terms of offerings. But clearly the category management is driving a fair amount of it right now. And we’re doing a better job of integrating it as I said in my prepared comments into the everyday business activities. So I would say that’s a large part of it.
Bill DeLaney: Good morning. I think it’s more of what we talked about over the last couple quarters in terms of, we are not doing new deployments right now until we have a better sense for where the merger is going to play out and when and some of the geographic issues that will come with that. But what we’ve been able to do and we did -- when we talked about in the last earnings call, we’ve been able to go in and put in some significant enhancements into the software that are now being utilized by the 12 OpCos that are on and the core SAP software platforms. And the other thing we are doing more of, which we spoke to here today, is taking some of the other applications, whether they’re financial or HR, maintenance that type of thing, even for the SA -- even for the non-SAP OpCos bring those into SPS, accelerating network to where SPS is now, supporting in certain areas, not just the 12 OpCos that run SAP, but these are the functional support software packages as well. So to summarize, I think it’s a combination that we’re continuing to enhance the support around and the software that the 12 OpCos are using as well as beginning to leverage SPS in a different way and as I said. So, A, we’re providing better services to the 12 OpCos today, but also when we do begin to redeploy again, those future conversions can go more, more smoothly. And then we’re still -- we’re going to defer any further deployments until we understand the timing of the merger a little bit better.
Bill DeLaney: Yes. So let me be clear or try to be clear. We’ve had multiple discussions over multiple months with the FTC. And we are trying to the best of our ability to understand not just the nature of their concerns and the depth of their concerns and the breadth of their concerns, but also how we think we can remedy those concerns based upon our knowledge of this industry, based upon our knowledge of how to shift groceries to customers and our knowledge of competitive positioning. So this package is a package that we have developed that we believe addresses their concern. We have received no approval from the FTC at any level in this package.
Bill DeLaney: So I want to make I am answering this right. We think we have ample time if we do end up in some litigation to work through that and still bring that to some type of closure before the expiration of the merger agreement.
Bill DeLaney: I appreciate the question. I don’t think I am in a position to really address the likelihood. There maybe other people out there that can give you a better handle on that. I would just continue to say that we believe strongly in this merger. We believe it’s pro-competitive in what’s already and incredibly competitive industry. We believe it’s good for our customers. Clearly, there will be some disruption. So I am sure there has been some concerns convey to the FTC and to us from that standpoint. But that’s not unusual mergers. We spend a year and tens of millions of dollars preparing integration plan to mitigate as much disruption as possible and we think over the medium-term to longer term. This is very good for our customer base. This is going to be for our shareholders. We think it will actually raise the bar for competition in our industry, which long-term is good for everybody in our industry. So we believe strongly in our case and that’s probably all I can should and can comment on.
Bill DeLaney: Yeah. I am going to start and Chris can give you probably little more, essentially, I think, you can see as if you put together all the color we are trying to provide today. We try to put together footprint that would address, the Western part of United States in a way that we complement the current footprint FTC has, which is across the country, but it’s a little less dense in the West compared to U.S. So what you are seeing there primarily is an attempt both with large and medium sized facilities to address that.
Bill DeLaney: Well, there is no way to guarantee. But, again, we have done a lot of work on the integration planning and working through this TSA agreement with PFG to address that and Chris has been leading that work. So I’ll let him take that.
Bill DeLaney: I think just to illustrate that for maybe -- from a layman standpoint. What Chris and Russell and our teams have done is basically, as you look at, don’t just look at this facilities, from a customers perspective, they are going to be position at the same sales persons, same driver, the same customer service team in this TSA agreement, which you can look at, once we get it out in the K -- 8-K. We have taken a lot of measures to position PFG to be successful as they transition that business. So we have done a lot of things to position them for success early days here.
Bill DeLaney: We have not given and I’m probably not going to today give any kind of forecast for earnings accretion. We obviously have re-looked at the transaction based upon everything that’s happened over the year and based upon this divestiture package and we still feel this is a very nice return for Sysco and our shareholders. We have got to, obviously, get the deal close and then we have got to work on executing against the synergies and we now also and will be a little more, add a little more complexity, we also need to work on the divestiture package and make sure that that set up alright. As long as we continue to service the customers ours and US Foods, we get a very nice return out of the transaction and that’s where we are focused on.
Chris Kreidler: No, it doesn’t include any operating profit associated with the TSA. TSAs typically are constructed so that you’re reimbursed for your costs, you don’t technically make any money. If you do, it’s very small amounts of money, but the way these things are constructed, you usually just reimburse for your expenses.
Chris Kreidler: Yes, nothing changes in the transaction that we had negotiated with US Foods. That remains the same in all aspects. You are correct on the first question you asked. The financial synergies I described which the two biggest ones are interest savings over the two combined pro formas and the use of the NOLs, those are not included in the $600 million. Financial synergies, we expect to achieve in the first year after closing the operational synergies, we expect to start occurring in the second year after closing. And then the middle question there really around where we would find the additional synergies? When we put our first synergy number out on the table I feel like I have to keep reminding ourselves as well as everybody else, it was with essentially publicly available information. We didn’t have a lot of additional information. We had some experience at Sysco dealing with some of these buckets of opportunities. We had done some category management work. We have done route optimization. And so we knew that this is what we’ve been able to do, what can we do if you can buy and then we made some assumptions. And we made prudent assumptions but not overly really aggressive. We are going to be candid about that. As we’ve learned a lot more about this, I would say every bucket probably increase in size, certainly around merchandising and supply chain, it will say inbound and outbound delivery transportation. Those buckets got quite a lot larger. So we’ve found it across the board, but in certain places we found more. And so we rebuilt synergies from the bottom up using more information through our integration planning efforts. There is still a lot of information we are not allowed to have access to and we are abiding by all those rules. So we expect that when we eventually close and we get access to some additional information, we will true this up again. But we’ve made pretty good assumptions and we are still being what I would call prudent. We are not being overly aggressive or overly conservative.
Chris Kreidler: Andrew, I would -- I have to be very careful to comment about your own estimates and your own modeling, so apologies for that. But look, originally, we believe based upon initial modeling that we thought it would be accretive in year one as we have refined all of our estimates, not just the numbers but the timing of the numbers and then overlaid the divestitures, we think its year two that is accretive. Frankly, I’m not prepared to talk about year one dilution or anything yet. We’ve got more work that we need to do to pin that down. So best I can tell you is we’ve shifted some stuff based upon when we think we’re going to be rolling certain initiatives and where -- how we think we’re going to go after some of the synergies and that’s affected our -- when we’re going to achieve accretion.
Chris Kreidler: Actually, I think that covers it well. One thing probably I’m going to speak a lot to is what happened after we meet with the commissioners. There is nothing defined at that point. That is the next step that’s what we’re talking about and it’s hard to talk half that point but that’s what we are. Its time to move this thing forward as Bill said.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah. It is mainly consultants, yeah. But that’s majority of that $78 million is what we call professional fees for outside consultants that are helping us. Some of the uptick came from legal, from the fact that we have started some foundational IT projects that are going to be necessary for integration, so some of that stuff kicked in to the quarter. As we also said though, our merger integration planning it’s -- I think the word we use and it’s probably the word, a peak. It will be coming down from there and so that’s what we work for the quarter.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah. Let me come at that from this direction. First, I mean, fuel charges are a bit different, when you think about it with our larger customers and our smaller customers. With larger customers, we may have contracts that are pegged to certain fuel price. They may go up, they may go down. They last for periods of time. That’s not something that you just “give up” because they were structured into the cost structure of the contract. Fuel surcharges on the street are different and obviously they can change on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. So the concept of quote, giving them up doesn’t -- it’s harder for me to address. I will say this. We look at fuel, when we look at what’s happening to fuel. We did not raise fuel surcharges, when fuel prices started going up and that was kind of one of the luxuries of our forward buying strategy. It gave us time to asses what was really going on before we needed to react. Now that they are coming down, we are looking at it actively to see what’s appropriate in the market and for our customers and we’ll continue to look at that. But we wanted to flag is, it’s a big story out there. There is a reason why it doesn’t impact our fuel cost because of the way we smooth on an ongoing basis. So it hasn’t in the first half, we are flagging that it will, to the extent at least to $15 million, which is in our overall cost structure is a very small amount. But that’s what we need to look at when we think about the fuel surcharges, how much of that amount might need to be mitigated with adjustments to the surcharge.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah. Look, we continue to look at that. Early on, we obviously needed to make some assumptions just to figure out what we thought an appropriate, what the return would be in, whether it was an appropriate return to the amount of investments. So, we made some assumptions. As we’ve gone toward the integration planning process, we’ve continued to refine our thinking there and one thing I can tell you is there is no good science around predicting that. I can make a guess, you can make a guesses, and we could be wildly different in our guesses. And then secondly, there is no real way to measure it even after the fact. So what we’ve done instead is just try to get into what would cause a customer to want to leave and then what can we do reason by reason to medicate that risk. And so we’ve spent an inordinate amount of time through all of our integration planning teams to go after those issues. Everything that we are working on is based on the principle of we want to make this as at least disruptive to our customers as we possibly can, our customer and US Food’s customers as we possibly can. And so we are not spending a lot of time trying to estimate potential disruption or losses of customers. We are spending all of our time trying to make sure that we know what might cause them to leave and how we’re going to address that right out of the box so they don’t leave. Now to address your question, we are calling these net operational synergies because we do believe it takes into account what we might see in the way of disruption. But it’s our estimate and we frankly hope that we’re going to be wrong and it’s going to be better than that.
Chris Kreidler: I would love to be able to have a forecast for merger-related expenses and certain of those line items. I can do that. I can say these consultants were, we don’t need them anymore and these consultants we still do. But a lot of just depends on what we’re doing in the fourth quarter -- in the third quarter and the fourth quarter of the year. So it is rather difficult to estimate those expenses on a go forward basis. So I mean to say they’re moderating, they’re certainly not going to go to zero. There is work that we are going to continue to do to prepare, but we’re certainly looking to stand down any teams that have completed their work. So that we can reduce those expenses and we look at that literally every month to decide how many consultants we need here supporting us. But it’s too hard to call frankly where we’re going to be in the process and what work needs to be done.
Chris Kreidler: I don’t think we are there yet, John. I do think we are beginning to see some subsiding in the trajectory of the inflationary rate. So, hopefully, we have peaked here at the 6%. It’s still early this quarter. The individual categories are moving around. Right now, the bulk of the inflations we see here today is more in the meat side and dairy beginning to level out. So we don’t make predictions or give guidance. But I -- you really asked two questions. I think the inflation overtime, over the next six, nine, 12 months, should subside to some degree. I don’t know where it ends up. But, hopefully, less than the 5% to 6%, because as we always said that’s not good for our customers and that’s why sometimes it’s a -- actually most of time, is how to pass those along as fast as you would like. So I think we are seeing a little early, but too early to call until get into March and April, and we kind of back into the heavier volume months.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah. I mean, one other things, as I said in our integration planning, one of our primary principals was the least amount of disruption to our customers, US Foods customer. We took the same approach in our discussions with PFG and obviously, they care a lot about that as well and so we’ve structured it in a way that we believe it’s going to be least disruptive to those customers. So if you think about our customer that’s being serviced out of the call it Denver facility for US Foods today, that same sales person or the same trucks, food coming out of that same facility is going to go to that customer ones it is owned by PFG. So we believe that’s the least amount of disruption to the customer and as long as they continue to get good service at fair prices and value, we don’t believe there is a reason for them to want a change. So I’m agree with Bill, there is no guarantee, but I believe we except this stuff in a way that’s the customers will continue to get good service and good value going forward.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah. There is a lot of things that will be contained in the 8-K, which we will file later this week. So I’d encourage you to look into that. There is an enough in there, I think, keep you busy for awhile. But as you might imagine we intend to and FTC, of course, would want us to set PFG up for success here and again, and do it in a way that our customers don’t feel or experience that disruption. So everything that’s necessary to make that happen we put into the TSA or the agreement.
