Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Aaron. As we conclude, I’d like to provide everyone with a brief summary on Slide 20. We plan to build on our position of strength in fiscal year 2023 and beyond. Our key takeaways from today reflect three points. We advanced our Recipe For Growth strategy, and we are on target to grow more than 1.35 times the market in a growing U.S. market. Our financial results this quarter reflected double-digit top and bottom line growth in the backdrop of a large industry that has proven resilient during very challenging macro conditions. Sysco is taking share profitably in a growing industry. Lastly, Sysco remains deeply committed to our strong investment-grade credit rating, a strong and stable balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation. We are committed to our long-term financial outlook, and we have reiterated today our full year guidance for fiscal year 2023. Just as we have done with COVID and the related disruptions over the past few years, we are prepared to navigate the potentially choppy macroeconomic waters in coming quarters. Our strong financial foundation gives Sysco the opportunity to continue to advance our strategy during potentially challenging environments. This reality will enable Sysco to win for the longer-term as our capabilities improve and our initiatives progress. As always, I’d like to thank our 71,000 associates for their commitment to our purpose and for their dedication in serving our customers. Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Kevin Hourican: Hey, good morning, Alex. Thanks for the question. This is Kevin. We’re really pleased with our progress and performance in international. Six consecutive quarters of strong profit improvement, the business is on track year-to-date and we’re really making progress on the Recipe For Growth up in Canada, as I mentioned, but it’s bigger than Canada. We just called out Canada today with some specific proof points to shine a light on the work that’s being done but across the pond in Europe meaningfully advancing forward core Sysco capabilities. Sysco brand penetration improvement this year. We’re filling in assortment gaps that we have in select countries. We’re bringing our team-based selling model that we have optimized in the United States. And as I mentioned, programs like Sysco Your Way, we went live in Dublin at the end of Q1, and that program is off to just an absolutely great start in Dublin, and we will be expanding it. So really pleased with our leadership team, strong, capable, talented team led by Paulo, who joined our company back in August and upward progress in the forward-facing quarters and years. Things like Latin American growth, we have an export business called IFG, which is doing well and we’re really optimistic about our future with international. As you mentioned, there are select countries that we are watching extremely closely. Great Britain, being the country of biggest concern from a macroeconomic perspective. For now, our business is strong in GB. And if that were to change, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are prepared to take action from an expense control perspective, but we’re really pleased with how we’re performing internationally, including GB at this time.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Jake, thanks for the question. It’s Kevin. I’ll start just making some macro comments on top-line growth, and then I’ll toss Aaron for the inflation and sales parts of your question. Yes, we’re really pleased with the start to the year. We stated on our call today, we grew more than 1.4 times the industry, which is a great start to a year with a stated goal of 1.35 times. What I highlighted in my prepared remarks is that the strength is coming from both national and local business. On the national side, our sales teams are just doing a remarkably good job in the healthcare space, in the education space, large national restaurant space on working with our customers and customer prospects on kind of selling the values and capabilities of Sysco, the strength of our supply chain, our nationwide capability within the U.S. to support those national customer partners. And as I mentioned, at profit profiles for those contracts that are above historical standards, and these are multiyear contracts. On the local side, the combination of our specialty businesses that Aaron highlighted that are doing extremely well. Team-based selling, which is leveraging those capabilities within our Broadline segment and the Recipe For Growth beginning to take noticeable traction. So that is why we reiterated our guide for the full year in total, and I’ll toss to Aaron for comments on the inflation and sales ports of your question, too.
Kevin Hourican: No, I think you covered it. One of the offsets was the very last part of your question, Ed and OpEx cost reductions would be one of the prime focuses of our company in the going forward period. And if the recession impact on the business, GP is something that impacts flow through to the bottom line. Our operating expenses should be and will be improving at that same time horizon, and that’s something we’re actively working on. I’m happy to discuss in more detail.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, John. Good morning. Thank you for the question. On the first part, leading indicators, obviously, there’s external data that we mine and capture traffic to restaurants but remind everyone that we are much bigger than just restaurants. We serve large sectors outside of the restaurant chain business, restaurant business, in general, travel hospitality business and industry education, just to name a few. And we have data coming from each of those sectors and from our major customer partners in those sectors on what they see in the forward-facing trends for their business, and we combine all of that, Aaron, through FP&A manages all of that to come up with an overarching forecast view of where we’re headed and that was obviously factored into what we have guided today. On the second part of your question, it’s a good one, which is what would you do in a recession? And what are the types of things that you action upon and what types of things would you not action upon? What we’re prepared to do, if a recession begins to impact our business, which we said on today’s call has not begun. But if, in fact, we do begin to see an impact, there are discretionary expenses that we can tighten. There are, let’s call it, strategic initiatives that from a timing perspective on how fast they deploy and how fast they move that can be worked through and just belt tightening, I think travel, things of that nature. Here’s what we won’t do, and it’s the spirit of your point, John, on the ability to profitably take share during a disruption. We’re not going to reduce staffing in our supply chain. We’re not going to reduce drivers as an example. It was proven through COVID that expense reduction efforts at the beginning of COVID because of how extreme it was resulted in an understaffing scenario for the industry that was extremely difficult to dig out of, and we’re still digging out of it vis-à-vis the number of new employees we have at our company. So our supply chain is something that we will invest in if volumes were to decrease because we believe that, that will put us in a position of strength, which will enable us to win business during that type of disruption. And that business that we win would then be retainable and therefore, very accretive to our longer-term macro algo. So, I know you understand that, that’s just something that we are meaningfully focused on to ensure we stay properly staffed, and we’re playing the long game, as I mentioned.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, John, it’s Kevin. To be clear, my comments on the net new business were tied to national sales because that is a big business. As you know, it’s multiyear contracts. We’re competing versus others and awards are provided. So my meaningfully positive comments about net new business, we’re focused on the corporate national bid sectors and health care, education and restaurants. We had a remarkably good quarter in Q1, and that will then pay forward in future volumes, again, profitable volumes because of the structure of those contracts versus historical profile. As it relates to our local business, your question is a good one. We’re pleased with our performance of the initiatives that we are putting forward and the impact that those initiatives are having on share of wallet. We’re not going to today disclose or share of wallet update but things like Sysco Your way, Sysco Perks, the Italian platform work we’re doing, our enhanced digital tools, which make it easier for customers to order, reorder and see suggested items, the pricing work we’re doing to be right on price at the item level, the aggregate of all of those things deployed, as you mentioned, in regional tests, in customer-specific pilots and neighborhood rollout like Sysco Your Way, we’re very pleased with the performance. Where we are now is rollout. We’re in implementation. And some of those initiatives are still in their embryonic phase, we’re a big company. We do over $1 billion of sales per week, and these initiatives will move the needle for the longer term. They’re just very early from an innings perspective on their impact on customers. But John, we can see the very clear data and the response that these customers provide to us when offered these product solutions, digital tools and capabilities. I’ll toss to Aaron for additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Joshua thanks for the question. We’re very pleased with how Sysco Your Way is performing. As I said in my prepared remarks, the contracts of that program were developed in concert with our customers. We asked them essentially what’s important to you? What could we Sysco do for you that would result in your increasing your business with us? Or how could we serve you if we’re not currently your partner? Things like very late in the evening order cutoff. I think a chef who is in a fine dining establishment and had a run on seafood or run on steak that evening. They want the confidence of being able to place an order after the evening rush and have it be on the truck that delivers that very next morning, and that happens six plus days per week. That’s what we mean by a different level of service and capability. And we afford the service capability to everyone who is in the neighborhood, whether they were previously a Sysco customer or not because the route density is tremendous in these neighborhoods. As I said on the call, I think 50-plus restaurants and a very dense geographic radius. So, we’re very pleased. We’re seeing a dual win. We’re seeing the customers that were previously with Sysco are buying meaningfully more from us, and we’re seeing customers that weren’t previously ours signing up because they see our truck there every day. They see the delivery partner there every day. They see a sales rep who’s walking the street every day, and I mean that literally, they’re at the neighborhood every day. The aggregate of the performance is strong, robust. The focus now is rolling it out and getting it out to as many eligible neighborhoods as possible, as efficiently as we can because we have to honor that service commitment that I just said for it to work. We know if we don’t deliver upon the promise that it will not deliver the overall outcome. So, we’re going to go at an appropriate pace to make sure we can deliver the service. And as I highlighted, this is not just domestic U.S. We went live in Toronto, we went live in Dublin, and we will be taking this capability to GB, to Sweden and to many other places across the globe in a pragmatic and thoughtful way. But Joshua, we’re really pleased with the performance thus far.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. I mean I love the Sysco Your Way question. We’ve obviously not provided percent lift in penetration lifts and customer acquisition targets. What we did say, I’ll call you back to May of 2021 at our Investor Day that Sysco Your Way would be $1 billion top-line growth effort for this company, and I would reiterate that. And we can see the line of sight towards the performance we’re delivering in the neighborhoods were live. There’s a thing called the Hawthorne effect when you roll out a project to a pilot location and it kills it. And then the question is, can you scale it, right? That’s the Hawthorne effect. We have proven that we can scale Sysco Your Way. We are now live in a significant number of neighborhoods. We’ve trained the trainer and the teams are now executing the rollouts on their own. And we are replicating the performance in the – from the pilot locations in the neighborhoods that we scale to. So, I’ll just bridge back to the May of 2021, $1 billion top-line opportunity for this company and we can see it coming, and I’ll toss Aaron for comment.
Kevin Hourican: So great question, Mark. We’re positioned to be successful in the short, medium and long term enduring a recession as the question that was asked earlier, we believe we have an opportunity to take share if a recession begins to impact overall strength. And the main reason is, we’re fully diversified, so we cover every element of the food away-from-home, sector from the highest end white table cloth restaurant down to QSR and everything in between. And even within the local sector, we serve all customer types within the local sector. What we said on today’s call is we’re not seeing broad-based trend changes in our numbers; we do not have, at this time, impact of a recession on our P&L. If one were to occur to begin to impact our P&L, we’re prepared to take actions. Things that we would do, as I mentioned, expense tightening. Sysco Brand as a point of positive highlight, we improved our penetration in Sysco brand over the past quarter, and we would expect that to continue as we’re doing good work on assortment management, pricing management and selling skills capabilities and Sysco brand would become even more important. Stimulus would be positive for demand. I don’t have anything specific to comment about the prevalence of that, but it would be a positive. Aaron, over to you for any comment.
Kevin Hourican: I’ll just say two things about the M&A environment. We’re not responding to inbound phone calls at Sysco. Joel Grade, who leads biz dev for our company is making outbound phone calls, meaning we’re very, very strategic about the types of acquisitions that we are interested in. We’ve talked about them before as being geographic white spaces and capabilities that we need to fill or capabilities themselves that we don’t have that we’re interested in that we think will build out our overarching assortment and/or selling profile and capabilities. And we get a chess board of things we’re interested in, and we’re very thankful for the strong balance sheet that Aaron and his team have helped us develop and deliver over time that gives us the flexibility that we need to want.
Kevin Hourican: Okay. I appreciate the question, Andrew. The primary driver is not wage increase. I just want to be crystal clear about that. That is not the primary driver. The primary driver is productivity levels being below our historical performance averages. And the net productivity impact is hurting the flow-through from the top line to the bottom line, and I’ll talk about that in just a second. The other is volume. Volume is strong. And obviously, volume up drives expense up. That’s an obvious. So let’s talk about the variable cost per piece, which is the metric that we’re most focused on that has the biggest impact. Why is it down? Why is it taking time to improve. I’d like to just kind of walk through the history of where we’ve been, where we are, where we’re going. Where we’ve been is we were understaffed because of a very strong rebound in our business and what was this time last year, the great resignation. We were in a position where we were understaffed. So over time, rates were up days and hours out on truck too long, which caused folks to then leave the industry, not leave to go to a competitor, but leave the industry. So we had meaningful work we needed to do to get the company back to properly staffed and Aaron called those snapback expenses, expenses that we needed to incur to get properly staffed. Here’s the good news. We are now properly staffed. That type of work, that type of investment is behind us, which is why today, Aaron described that as now immaterial and our going forward the snapback investments. As I mentioned on our last quarterly call, roughly half of our supply chain associates are now new to job, new to the company. So we’re investing in training to educate our folks to what we call our work standards, which are about working safely and working productively and that takes time. It takes time to matriculate an order select or up the curve or productivity. It takes even longer time to matriculate a driver up the productivity curve. The good news is we are properly staffed. We are investing our leadership time, our communication muscle and our investment dollars into improving the training that our associates are receiving, which will drive improved retention. And as I said, those are the internal leading indicators that will result in future periods is cost per piece, excuse me, improving, which is why both Aaron and I have said the second half of this fiscal year, our operating cost metrics will be better than the first half as we’re still working up that productivity curve at Sysco.
Aaron Alt: Great. Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. And we are really pleased with the market share gains and the sales increases over the course of the quarter, as you can imagine that, of course, is coming as a result of the combination between the volume growth and the impact of inflation on the portfolio. If you think back to the guidance that we provided in Q4, we – the sales reference we had was that we would grow at least 10%. And I believe at the time, I commented that at 10% without knowing what was coming from a macroeconomic perspective was tied to the lower end of our range. And so indirectly, yes, in answer to your question, we do expect that the 10% is achievable and that’s at the lower end of our range. I would observe that inflation we guided in Q4, high single digits in Q1, working its way down to low single digits in Q4. Certainly, as we sit here today, the enterprise number in dollars was high single digits, just under 10%. And so things are playing out in that respect as we had expected.
Aaron Alt: Just to emphasize that I see opportunity for us. And consistent with the guidance where, as Kevin called out, we had said H1 would be heavier for a variety of reasons as we work through productivity, as we work through the environment, as we work through the transformation investments. If you think about the size and the scale in which we’re operating, given that we are staffed the way we are we have incredible opportunity to drive profitable growth at Sysco, and we are executing against our plan. Thank you.
Aaron Alt: Sure. Thanks for the question. We don’t provide specific labor metrics as part of our disclosures, but I will observe that the market is generally playing out as we anticipated it would coming into the year and given the environment that we’ve been – that we are in. Your question around your EBITDA, we didn’t provide EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And so what I’m going to observe is that we are effectively reaffirming the guidance we gave Q4 overall without giving you a breakdown on a quarterly basis for EBITDA. Keep in mind, from a seasonal perspective, from a profitability perspective, Q4 is always the highest quarter profitability for Sysco, pre-COVID and certainly in recent years as well, followed by Q1 and then Q2 and Q3 are a little bit lower, just given the seasonality of our business. The EBITDA disclosure is relatively new. We’ve been providing it, I believe, in the last year or so. And if I were you, I would look carefully at the definition of how the – we and our competitors that define the calculation of EBITDA as a non-GAAP measure to work through the mechanics there. Thank you.
Aaron Alt: I would just make the added observation that part of what’s also going on here as well as utilizing all of the assets in the portfolio. So it’s the various parts of our business working together to help us to drive the success there.
Aaron Alt: Let me address the first question. If you turn to Page 18 of our presentation, we actually give you the history, so you don’t need to do the back calculation of the relative difference both versus prior year and versus fiscal 2019. And to emphasize, we have a couple – even pre-acquisitions, we had a couple of billion dollars of business that is very focused on both growth, consistent with the Recipe For Growth and serving the local customer individually and in partnership with our Broadline operators. And thus our believe it’s better for us to disclose the impact of the Recipe For Growth on the total U.S. portfolio in that way, which is what you see on Page 18. Kevin, over to you on the second question.
Aaron Alt: I just want to emphasize that really exciting initiatives like that one or part and portal [ph] of the guidance we provided both for the year and for the longer term.
Aaron Alt: I just – I would just add that one of the signals of the strength of Sysco in any recessionary environment is something I pull from looking back at our results during the recession at 2008, 2009, where – while I wasn’t here, the financial reporting, which shows that our sales were down between 1% or 2%. And that was a very different financial set of circumstances than what we currently believe to be the case. And so the lesson I take from that is that Sysco was strong back then or even stronger under Kevin’s leadership with the Recipe For Growth. And as we’ve said, we see opportunity everywhere we look, and we’re going to play the long game and execute against it regardless of the macro environment.
Aaron Alt: Just to emphasize that the 7.3% case growth is U.S. Foodservice in total, and we’re seeing growth across the U.S. Foodservice portfolio.
Aaron Alt: I would just observe on the stimulus point that, as Kevin just said, it’s a one positive factor in an overall tapestry of a business that we’re running as we carry forward. And I haven’t seen details of that need to believe it’s material enough to cost to change our guidance in that way. And so I would assume that it is supportive of the guidance we’ve previously issued.
