William J. DeLaney: John, we have to. I mean, so yeah, do I think we can? In the past, we've been able to adjust our expenses accordingly and I agree with your premise. I think you can see the inflation come down a little bit more just for the reasons, Chris said, we've got a couple of categories that are pretty high and the others – dairy's very volatile, as you know, so dairy is down a little bit. Seafood is down a little bit but seafood is not a big part of the overall mix. So, I think essentially you're looking at an environment today where you've got two categories, meat and poultry, that are high, which is difficult to pass along in a fast way and the right way, and the others are pretty much neutral, if you put them all together. And yeah, I expect that to continue here at least for the – whatever; a few – couple or three months as far as we can see out. As I said in my comments, we are seeing improvement on the expenses sequentially, we're just not seeing it as fast as we had planned and I think you will see more expense improvement here in the fourth quarter relative to the first part of the year and we're certainly planning to do even more for next year.
William J. DeLaney: Well, first of all, one of the things I feel really good about is we have done a nice job here. We spent some money doing it separating, running the business day-to-day and keeping our people – the vast majority of our people focused on taking care of their customers and running their business and not having them be distracted by the merger. And then we had another group of people and outside support folks who have done a great job under Chris's and Greg Bertrand's leadership driving out a very sound integration plan. So I feel good about what we've done to date. Yes, we have done some contingent planning and it's not fully developed. We have had discussions as a management team and with our board and we will continue to have those discussions and once we have a ruling, then we'll probably take some more time but not a lot of time and go forth from there with some other strategic directions. So yes, we've done some planning, but not in a position today to really talk a whole lot about that.
William J. DeLaney: Certainly. As you heard, we are pleased with the joint venture that we just finalized with our partners down in Mexico and we have gradually built out some small footprint in Costa Rica and now Mexico, Bahamas, Ireland, Canada was the first one, obviously. So, I think where we are there, Ed, is I think it's just a matter of pace of place. So we definitely, when we talk about the strategy of the company, that fifth point we talk about is always looking for other areas to expand, whether it be through adjacencies or geographics. And I just see it more as something we need to do continually, and over the next three years to five years, I would like to think we'll continue to find good partners in different parts of the world where our customers value our capabilities and find ways to grow there primarily to lay a foundation for the future beyond that. So I see international more as something we need to do. We need to continually build it for the medium to long-term. Short to medium-term, obviously, US Foods is a big, big part of our strategy. It's not our strategy. It's a big part of our strategy. If that were not to work out, we would revisit other strategic opportunities that we looked at in the past and look at our capital structure and all those types of things. I'm just not in a position today to talk a whole lot about it.
William J. DeLaney: I think both, all right? So we need to manage what we have the ability to control the most, which is our business. And we're pretty at running our business. Obviously, as we've said for a while now, the market environment we are in, it's difficult. It's very competitive and it's not unlike many other industries and we don't expect that to change. So again, to kind of recap how we look at the world, we see modest medium to long-term growth in the industry. We expect to grow faster than that. To do that, we need to differentiate ourselves ongoingly with our customers and we need to take costs out of the system. That's one of the reasons why this merger is so important to us. If the merger doesn't happen, we'll need to find other ways to continue to do that. We may not get there quite as fast, but I'm confident we'll continue to go in the right direction. Specifically to this quarter, you can look at in a lot of different ways. The bottom line is we didn't manage our expenses as well as we would have liked. If we had managed our cost piece maybe just a nickel better, I think you would have seen a different result here and I would have been – I wouldn't have talked as much about planned expenses. So we're going to have quarters where there is inflation and less inflation. And we had good volume growth. As I've said, we managed gross profit reasonably well, given the environment. We just didn't bring our expenses in line as fast as we planned and I expect it will get better with that here over the next two years to three quarters.
William J. DeLaney: I'll do my best, Karen. I would say this quarter was a little different in that our selling expense was higher than where it was the first half of the year. We were up a couple pennies the first half of the year in selling and that was fine. We had a lot of gross profit dollar growth and that's going to drive selling expense. So, this quarter was up more than that. It's still probably fine but it just can't be sustained. I mean, it's just we just a situation where seasonally it's a low volume quarter. It's also a time that we bring MAs on in terms of training, and we had some operating companies that were behind in their head count and I think that put some pressure on us here as well. So, selling costs is a little higher than what we planned. On the operation side, we're making progress. We're driving out a lot of change there, Karen, and we've been driving out very aggressively over the last year to two years. And that puts a lot of stress on the operating companies at a time when they still need to provide really solid service to our customers. And so there's been some challenges in terms of how fast you can drive that change and how well it's received by our workforce and how well our leadership, including me, are able to drive that out. So, what we're doing here is transforming a company and we're bringing more standardization to our best practices in the field. We're functionalizing that part of our business in terms of the OpCo and our end-to-end supply chain organization now, and it's just taken a little longer to get where we want to go. The good news is we are seeing sequential relative improvement and that's what gives me some confidence here.
William J. DeLaney: Well, I think that's the good news. I mean, when we talk about initiatives, they're not all about cost savings. And I think what you're seeing there is some – several things that we've done over the last two years or three years, starting with the CRM tool, category management. We're getting better executing that; some basic things we're doing in terms of working with our MAs and training and how to segment more effectively our customers and product categories. And just creating more continuity, if you will, between the corporate sales organization and the field sales organization, as well as the OpCos overall. So we're pleased both on the local side and the corporate side. If you go back four quarters or five quarters, we had no growth on the local side. So, I think that's a bright spot and that's certainly something we've emphasized and something we need to continue to emphasize.
William J. DeLaney: Meredith, do you mind if I just jump in still? Just on the cash point, I was just going back to the earlier questions we had. First of all, we're going to cover our dividend here. If you adjust for the merger related expenses and things like that, we're going to more than cover our dividend from free cash flow this year. Second of all, the way I look at cash is, strategically, we include debt capacity. So obviously, as you well know, we're very highly rated company from a debt perspective. We have plenty of debt capacity and certainly want to utilize it prudently, but I'm very confident in our ability to fund whatever we need to fund.
William J. DeLaney: Well, you're right. We're finishing up the third year and we said from the beginning category management would be somewhat backend loaded, and we've seen those benefits this year. I think the key that – the way to look at that, Meredith, is just we are now maturing to a point where, well, we speak about category management, it truly is embedded in how we merchandise and we have centralized merchandising here to a large extent. We certainly have standardized all of it. We still do some locally in terms of working with suppliers, but, for the most part, we're working with the suppliers here at corporate and then working closely with our operating companies. So from that standpoint, we've realized a lot of benefits, but we have some more launches here to do later this year and into next year; not a significant part of the overall volume. And then, I think what you'll see us do is we'll get into renewals and we'll continue to perfect what we started here and get better at it, and probably have more time to focus on the innovation side of it, which is critical, obviously, to growing the business as well. So, I look at it as something which we would continue to get better at, which would continue to help us mitigate the overall margin pressure that we face in the business itself, but something that we feel really good about at this point.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, Andy, if you notice, I really didn't talk a lot about the industry or the market because it's hard to make that call right now. While I did talk about weather, I didn't whine about weather this year. So I feel good about that. What we saw was this, and what I alluded to in my comments, we had – last year, if you go back and look at the weather, it was pretty harsh in December, January and the first three weeks in February and it was harsh in areas where typically you don't see it: Charlotte, Dallas, Atlanta and other places. And so we had some favorable comparisons in late December, January and February. Unfortunately, January and February are not exactly big months for us. Then, if you recall last year, there was a little bit of a cabin fever impact up north and I think people got out in March just because they needed to get out and then March was reasonably mild and so was April. And so, the camps and the clubs started to open up earlier. So we had good volume in March and April relative to the rest of the year last year and I think we're seeing softer volume this year. What I'm trying to say to you is I think weather is impacting that. I just don't know to what degree and I think I can make a better call on that after we see May and June here because we'll be back to apples-to-apples. In terms of what I read and what I hear, it's probably not a whole lot different than you. The good news here is the consumer sentiment is positive. It's up and down a little bit, but it's still positive. The sentiment of our restaurant operators is positive and it's remained positive. So I think people are generally seeing – at least maintaining – they're seeing good things and they're hopeful that it'll translate into better things. Probably the biggest positive out there right now, I would say, would be the lower fuel prices. They've come back up a little bit, but all-in-all, the consumer is getting a raise, if you will, at the pump. What's not clear there at all is to what degree. It appears that the consumer is paying down debt with some of that, saving some of that and spending some of that. It's not clear how much of that we are getting, perhaps some, but I don't think a lot at this point. With that said, I think to the extent that the fuel prices stay down for an extended period of time, that will be good for our customers and I would expect that that would help us over time. So it's a long way of saying it; it's hard for me to really explain what's going on in the market right now because of kind of the unusual weather comparisons as well as the impact of fuel, but I think we'll have a better read on this as we get into the summer.
William J. DeLaney: Well, I expect the macro to clear up is what I try to say. I wish I could give you more. In terms of our performance, what I alluded to in my comments was March was softer and April softer. But again, I do think some of that is the comparisons. We'll see. So let's summarize here. You've got moderate inflation, you've got some FX, but let's put that to the side. And you've got softer volume in March and April. I would expect it to pick up. I'm still very pleased with what we are doing. We are growing our volume both on the local side and the corporate side. So relative to the market, I'm pleased where we are at there.
William J. DeLaney: I'll take that one, Kelly. First of all, we don't track market share quarterly. We look at it annually through different industry sources, primarily technomics and we look at the overall market, U.S. and Canada, and then obviously we look at our numbers and generally if you go back and look over the long-term, Sysco has been able to grow its share about half a point a year and I think we are continuing to do that. I can't really speak to this quarter on market share because I don't have the market data. Certainly, there was some strength in our customer base but not throughout the quarter and certainly not with all customers. So again, I was pleased with how we grew the business, but we don't really track the market share quarterly.
William J. DeLaney: Yes. I think if I could broaden the question a little bit and not make it about chicken, but just in general, that's one of the key things that we think category management will help us focus on with a brighter light, which is be working with our suppliers and our customers is to better understand what the customers' needs are and how we can, as we optimize our SKUs and strategize together and do a better job of positioning a product in the way that our customers would want to see it whether it's organic or local or whatever it was important to them. So with us, it always starts the way you posed the question, which is what's important to the customer? What does the customer need? And we are doing a lot of work on the customer side through the marketing department, customer loyalty and issues to understand customer needs and then connecting that to the work that we are doing with our suppliers and category management and the data they provide us to better optimize our SKUs. Now, it's early days and plenty of work to do there, but it's a big opportunity for us going forward. And I would also say to you, we have over the years made some good progress on the sustainability front and I think you'll see us continue to raise the profile of that work within the company and that group will work very closely with our customers, but also with our merchandising and our marketing team. So bottom line is we do everything we can to understand what the needs of our customers are. I think we are better positioned to do that going forward and I think we can speak more specifically about that as time goes on.
William J. DeLaney: Great questions, Mark. This was new ground for all of us. I would say, as far as the timing, obviously, that's in the hands of the judge in terms of how long the process takes. The hearing starts tomorrow and the judge has given us up to seven days so we'll go through – it's likely to go through the end of next week. Then there'll be some, as I understand it, some briefs or papers filed by each side with the judge to review. And then, he'll take the time that he needs to come back with a ruling. So we don't know exactly how long that is, but I would think it's closer to weeks than months. But, again, that's his call. As far as what happens, as I said in my comments, if we were to prevail, then we think there's a short period of time where the FTC has an opportunity to decide whether they want to appeal or not. And we would wait on that, and then go from there. If they were to prevail, we'll sit down internally and then sit down with the sponsors, the owners of US Foods and charter a course from there as well. So, to be determined, but that's – those are the different ways it could play out.
William J. DeLaney: I really can't comment much on US Foods. I think it goes without saying that this process is taking longer than we would've liked. And it's probably a little bit harder on them than it has been on us. So, early days, certainly they lost some sales people and I think their sales were hurt. I'm not close enough to it nor should I be in terms of what their margins are right now. And obviously, they pulled back here some on the integration planning over the last couple of months. So we'll – I think I'll just leave it at that. I probably shouldn't be commenting on US Foods.
William J. DeLaney: Thanks, John. I'll start. I'll let Chris jump in too. I would say it's been a couple of years since SYGMA has had a strong year, and it's got a lot of attention. We have restructured there somewhat and put Greg Keller over SYGMA full-time. And Greg grew up in the SYGMA business. He's been running our national sales area up until the last several months, so he is very well-versed in the SYGMA business. He's very well connected with our customer base. He's got a lot of passion for that business. So, I believe we're in good hands there for leadership. There's some things that we're working on there both in terms of how do we better position ourselves in terms of the needs of those customers and still run expenses very tight. So, it's a very transaction service oriented business. Not with a lot of touches like the Broadline, but there's very little margin for error in SYGMA. So, we've had to invest some money over the last year or so in terms of facilities and drivers and people like that and things like that to strengthen the business. And that's hurt us on the bottom line. We've also had to just take a look at how well we're running the business overall. So, I'd say, we're in transition with SYGMA. We like the business strategically. It's a very – that customer base or potential customer base is a big part of the overall opportunity. And it's always nice when you're sitting down with customers or prospective customers for – to give them a choice in terms of which model they would prefer, the SYGMA model or the Broadline model. And the reality is sometimes they prefer both, depending on their locations and our positions; so, somewhat in transition there, work to do strategically, still very important to the company.
William J. DeLaney: Hey, Vinny. Yeah, that's what I was trying to say. So, yes, we've definitely seen that trend over the last few years. Now, it's a trend. And I have to tell you, in the scheme of what we do, it's not a huge amount of the business, which creates part of the challenge where you need enough volume and you need enough velocity to make it work for the supplier and on the cost side and for the customers. So, I would say it's like a lot of things in Sysco today. There's certainly parts of the country and certain OpCos where we do a very good job on the local side and fresh side, and then there's others not so good. And that's where I see the work in merchandizing, and category management, in particular, with innovation getting us in position to be more consistent; and by doing that, create more volume, which will make it more economical. So, the trends have definitely been there. We're responding to them. We just – we need to continue to get better at it and – it's a catch-22. We need to continue to grow the volume to make it work for everybody.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah – surprising. I guess probably it fell off faster than I thought it would from that standpoint. It doesn't surprise me that dairy is down, for example. I mean, dairy is a very volatile category, but the fact that several categories are essentially flat, that's probably a little surprising. And I think as far as the rest of the year, I can't – if you're going to give me the fiscal year, I could probably look that far ahead. And I think we talked about this with John, earlier. Yeah, I would expect inflation to moderate somewhat more, but I still expect to see some low level of inflation here this quarter.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah. Erin, I would only add – I think where we have driver shortages, and where it's not self-inflicted, it's generally in these areas where there has been a lot of drilling and a lot of energy. And so, as that's subsided somewhat, I think that has actually created a little more capacity. So, we're not all the way back there, but I think that pressure is a little less than what it was six months or nine months ago.
William J. DeLaney: Erin, it's really too early for me to make a call on that. I don't think to a large extent, but it's certainly – those types of things are things we monitor regularly, but at this point, I'd say – I wouldn't say that's a big issue from a cost.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Hey, Karen, this is Chris. I'll jump in and just elaborate on one point Bill made. Remember, a couple years ago, we talked quite a bit about some of the changes we made in our sales organization, and we saw that disruption. We saw that disruption and slowed growth in terms of case volume on the local side especially and we talked quite a bit about it at the time. We pushed through a lot of change and it took a while for all that change to kind of be accepted and understood and appropriately reacted to in the field. I think what you're seeing now is somewhat similar going on, on the operating expense environment. We are, as Bill said, pushing out a lot of change. It's for the good. It's going to lead to better results in the future, but it's going to take a while for some of that change to actually drive all the way down to the operating company level. And I think that's part of what we're experiencing right now. Not an excuse. We need to manage it better, but I do think we're seeing some of that.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Well, it's actually not increasing on a sequential basis. It's starting to decline. We hit our peak last quarter, Karen, and it's coming down from there. But I'll take your question to where I think you want to go, anyway, why is it not perhaps dropping faster? There are a couple reasons. I mean, the interest portion of that, obviously, is not going to go anywhere, but even on the operating expense portion, there is a lot of work that continues to be done to prepare the two IT systems to be able to merge. We're not touching the US Foods system or vice versa, but we're creating the conduits that will be necessary to allow them to merge. Unfortunately, as this deal has drug out, we were able to stand down certain aspects of what we were doing from a planning perspective because we can stand them back up rather quickly; but a lot of other areas, we need all the time we could possibly get to be prepared for merging and integrating, and we continued some of that work. So it's come down somewhat. I expect it to not increase again, of course, until we complete the transaction; and, of course, we'll give you new guidance.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah. Let me take the two pieces of that, Meredith. First, the $300 million, as I mentioned, we will pay that out of the cash that we have sitting on the balance sheet, which is just shy of $5 billion. That's what we'll do, initially. If we then repay the bonds, because you correctly point out if the merger agreement terminates there's a process for those to be redeemed, we would pay those back out. Whatever we can't pay out of cash, we would put into our credit facility. We do have a very large commercial paper line backstopped by a credit facility, about a $1.5 billion. So we have got plenty of capacity to put on the balance sheet. We would then look at whether we have enough capacity for just general working capital needs and we'd look at whether we need to term out some of the debt that we've taken on the balance sheet the last couple of years, the acquisitions we've done, et cetera. We would do that after that point in time when things settle out.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah, I'm not so sure. I can't respond to the last part of – compared to what you're thinking, but the accrual itself is just what we anticipate paying out on those incentive accruals versus where we are on our objectives and on a year-over-year basis, we're just in a much better place. So last year at this time, we were not hitting our bonusable objectives and so we had very little accrued this year. We are accruing still at target because we are on pace to hit those objectives. So on a year-over-year basis, that's where you get the increase.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Not this year. Yeah, this year, there's been no catch-up from quarter to quarter. No. Last year, it bounced around because every quarter you got to look at where you are versus those objectives and so we went through the first quarter fine. But then we had to start reducing the accruals Q2 and Q3 because we were no longer on track to hit the target.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah. That's really all it is. Like say, I normally – I try to put things on an apples-to-apples basis as much as possible and when I look at our performance this year, especially on operating expenses, I don't like to say, well, we have to compare those incentives versus a year where there were no incentives whatsoever. Now, we still have to pay for those incentives and so those are real dollars and they are really going to go out the door, so we don't try to, again, excuse it, so much as just when you are looking at a percentage increase, I like to try to do apples-to-apples. That's why I gave you the number.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah. Just add a couple of other points. As Bill said, it's a business where expense control is incredibly important. It's a low margin business. There have been some regulatory changes on the transportation side, drivers and work rules and things like that, that, while we can handle those fairly well in the Broadline, they affect SYGMA disproportionately. And we're having to overcome some of those things. And as Bill said, we just – we've got to look at the model and continue to find ways to offset increases like that; so I would echo the statement. It's in transition. We've got some work to do.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah, it was mainly driven – at least in our case, it was mainly driven by lower fuel costs, which we called out. So, is the truck driver shortage abating? I would say that it's not getting any worse. We've kind of learned how to handle it, although it's not exactly easy; but this particular quarter we just started to see some benefit from fuel. And if you recall a quarter or so ago, we talked about we'd start seeing some benefit in the back half of the year, and this is it.
Robert Chris Kreidler: Yeah, it's affecting some of the supply as you're reading and that obviously has some impact out there. It's only if it starts affecting a very large part of the supply, not just here in the U.S. but offshore as well, but it begins to impact our ability to find product and distribute it to our customers. Thus far, that's not the case. But as Bill said, we watch this stuff. We stand up crisis teams when it's important and when it becomes relevant.
