Kevin Hourican: Nicole, this is Kevin. I'll take the question. So just to be clear, I said in my prepared remarks, we remain the only national distributor that does not have order minimums, and we have stayed true to that throughout this entire crisis, including during the COVID recovery. I communicated even more clearly in regards to that, that we remain in a better staffing and inventory position and the inventory at large, and that's been a huge positive for Sysco. Our July results, as we communicated on the call, continue the sequential momentum of increased sales and case performance, and we are not seeing a slowdown in our performance in the month of July.  I don't like commenting on what others are doing. I don't think that's my place. I think it is public knowledge that select distributors are, in fact, raising order minimums. And they are, in fact, deciding to not ship to select customers. Where that customer goes, it would be a combination of a distributor that has the availability to ship and cash and carry. Those would be the 2 places that the customer would go. 
Kevin Hourican: Yes. We're not seeing a moderation in inflation. That is not something that is occurring in our book of business. Where it's coming from is pets, poultry, as you communicated, and pork, and that's consistent in the most recent period versus how we exited Q4. What we said in our prepared remarks is that inflation accelerated sequentially each month in quarter 4. I would say July has been flattish to the exit velocity of inflation from the month of June, and we've not seen a slowdown.  Now what I did say in my prepared remarks is I do anticipate inflation will eventually slow down. Supply will come back into harmony with demand. And when that occurs, the price inflation that we are experiencing, and then, therefore, we're partnering with our customers to pass it on, will begin to normalize, but it has not meaningfully begun to do so yet at this time. And I'll pass to Aaron for any additional comments that he wants to make. 
Kevin Hourican: Jeff, thanks for the question. I'll just cover kind of the 3 sources of growth and just repeat a couple of key messages, add a little bit of additional commentary. Yes, from a national sales wins perspective, we posted an additional -- substantial quarter, net $200 million additional on top of what we've already won. So that's more than $2 billion of net business in the national sales. To be clear, we're not going to report that number going forward. That's something that we were doing during COVID to give a sense of confidence on what was happening kind of under the water because the overall water level was lower than what it should have been because of COVID, but we're going to pause, going forward, on reporting on that.  But we had another great quarter, and we don't anticipate that slowing down. We have the ability to continue to win national contract business. The why is that those customer types have tremendous confidence in Sysco's breadth, depth and expertise to be able to ship on time and in full. I get asked the question all the time, "Why are you winning on the national sales basis?" It is not because of rates. We do not "underbid" the market to try to win new business. We bid appropriate market rates, and we win because of our service experience and our capabilities of our national sales team to represent Sysco in a compelling way. So that trend has continued. I would say the surprise, and it's a very pleasant and positive one for the industry at large and also for Sysco, is that the independent restaurant customer who is predicted to go out of business just simply has not. We are shipping 10% more unique doors than we were pre-COVID, and that factoid alone conveys the health of the independent customer, but it also conveys that Sysco has won big in net new customers in the independent space because the industry is down about 10%, so we have a 20-point delta in our performance versus the industry at large and the ability to serve that customer type. The why that has occurred is because we have changed our compensation model for our sales reps. We make it worth their while now to more significantly prospect new customers, and we have improved the customer onboarding process in a meaningful way. And we've eliminated order minimums, which eliminates, again, another barrier of our new customer joining our mix. I would say in regards to customer lines of penetration, that's something that our Recipe for Growth is going to address in spades, and I anticipate additional momentum on cases per operator in fiscal 2022, and that gives Aaron and I the confidence in the guidance that we just provided. As it relates to acquisitions, we're proud and pleased. Very soon, we will be closing on the Greco acquisition. It's a terrific business focused on the Italian segment, unique products, unique service model, delivery frequency that is substantial, and we're going to grow that platform. We believe that there are additional acquisitions out there that are tuck-in, fold-in. We do not have plans at this time to do any substantial M&A. 
Kevin Hourican: Mark, it's Kevin. I'll take that. I'll just start with -- repeat the positive. We are not experiencing sales impact in the month of July tied to Delta. We're not. That is the fact. That is the headline. We can't predict the future. We do not know if things will change. If governments choose to impact dining, on-prem dining, that would have an impact. That is not in our forecast because we can't predict whether that will occur or not occur.  What I can, I guess, provide from a color perspective is the country of France has been pretty aggressive with implementing a vaccination passport to be required to eat on -- at a restaurant, and we're prepared to execute against that. And we're working very closely, obviously, with our French operations to be ready for that. That goes into effect in about a month. I would say there are some that take the position that, that vaccine passport will increase people's confidence in going out to eat. There are others that suggest that it might have a foot traffic impact. I guess I would put forward that those 2 things offset each other, and it's awash.  I don't know is the honest answer. And many of you live in New York and know that New York has communicated a similar vaccine passport which will be leveraged in Manhattan. It's too soon to tell. What we can say at this point in time is Delta is not having an impact on our business trends. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're prepared. Aaron said this well. If, in fact, there were some form of a government shutdown, we're prepared to execute against it. We have the ability to execute against it.  And I just want to reemphasize one other positive. We've got sectors that -- of our business that haven't yet moved up the recovery curve that will be doing so as schools come back online, both K-12 and college, in a more meaningful way. When we compare to 2020, for sure, that will be a positive. And then as companies return to work, and I know select companies have announced a delay of that, but many companies are, in fact, returning to work post Labor Day, that's another tailwind to our business because we partner with FSM providers as the lead distributor of food to those types of companies. And that is another potential tailwind, along with leisure and business travel picking up in our hospitality segment.  So there's a lot in there. That's why we have provided the forecast that we have provided. Going back to Jeff's question, why not more aggressive? It's because we can't predict the unknown. What we can see are the trends that we have, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on the forecast update we provided today.  I'll toss to Aaron for any additional commentary. 
Kevin Hourican: This is Kevin. I'll start. I'll talk about just the state of the state, and then I'll toss to Aaron for answering the quantification part of your question. The good news is we've declared we would hire over 6,000 people in the first -- excuse me, second half of our fiscal 2021, which is the first half of this calendar year, and we succeeded. We hit that target. We are in decent shape nationally. We are definitely in better shape than the industry at large. The good news/challenge is that the recovery is happening faster than we had modeled, and that is a good thing for the P&L, and it puts pressure on our hiring. We absolutely have incremental drivers and warehouse selectors to be hired. We are working very aggressively to do that. We're moving any and all obstacles that get in the way: recruiting bonuses, retention bonuses. We are increasing the number of recruiters that we have. We're doing marketing to create awareness of what are very high-quality, high-paying jobs. And we are -- we literally have a daily standup where we talk every day about our staffing health.  Neil and I talked about this last night. We have 76 warehouses in just the United States alone, which is, by far, the biggest count in this industry. And we have a handful of sites that are in a challenged status. However, we have the vast majority of our sites that are not, and we have buffer capacity. So as a single building has challenges, we can flex product demand and volume to all locations. And if you're a smaller company, you just don't have that flex capacity. We have 300 warehouses across the globe, and it's just the breadth and depth and scale of this company in times like this that give us advantage. We're working very hard. This is the #1 priority for our company is to increase our staffing health, as I call it. There's more new business to be had and more incremental business to be had as we improve our staffing health, and we're committed to doing it.  I'll toss to Aaron, who will answer the financial impact part of your question for Q4 and any comments for 2022. 
Kevin Hourican: Yes. It's the question to ask, and I totally understand it. And I'd be asking the question, too, if I were you. And what others say may be inconsistent and different than what we say. All I'm going to describe is the realities at Sysco, what we're doing. I encourage you to go back to our prepared remarks. I was really careful and thoughtful about how we characterized it, but I will give you additional color and also be as crisp as I can possibly be about what's going on.  In our Q4, and it's definitely continued into July, we are spending money on what I call the transitory basis to improve our staffing health. Those things are retention bonuses, hiring bonuses, recruitment bonuses. We're compensating our sales consultants to help us find drivers that are out in the industry. Those expenses are in our P&L in Q4, and we had a very solid quarter because the sales growth we are experiencing is more than covering those "transitory" incremental costs. And we will continue to do those things until the staffing health gets to our level of satisfaction.  Where we will be judicious, prudent and careful is in structural wage permanent cost increases. We will do it if we have to, but we will only do it if we have to. And the why is, as you well know, and in your models, this is why you're asking us this question, you live with those costs forever, and they're compounding. I guess trust that I've come from an industry that had labor shortages for more than a decade and experienced substantial cost increases, that's the pharmacy industries that doesn't -- those that don't know me well enough. And we will be extremely prudent to prevent that from happening in this industry.  With that said, we will have to make some investments in base pay because the market has moved on us in select locations, and we're prepared to move so that we don't find ourselves in a position of disadvantage. What I said in my prepared remarks, however, is -- and we will find productivity improvement offsets to offset those cost increases that are, in fact, structural and permanent because Aaron and I can see in our business where and how we can be more efficient. So even if there's some wage increase as a percent of sales, we can run our trucks more efficiently to reduce miles delivered on an annual basis as just an example to find offsets.  Aaron, I'll toss to you if there's anything you want to say about 2022 from a cost perspective. 
Kevin Hourican: Ed, hopefully, I answered your question. And by all means, if you have a follow-up, go right ahead. 
Kevin Hourican: That's a great question. Here are the facts. We have the data to prove that we're performing better than the industry at large in both fill rate and in delivery on time, and we're not meeting our own personal internal expectations for those 2 important metrics. So there is additional upside to be had as we improve our staffing health at large and then specifically in select challenged locations. And we're moving mountains to be able to do that. So yes, there is more upside as we improve our health. And we've worked to incorporate those types of thoughts into our forward-facing logic, which Aaron has covered. You asked how long will it take to get back to a healthier position. I would say it's within the next 6 months is when we can definitively say we are in a better, healthier position than we are right now. It's the most challenging labor market I've experienced in my career. That is fact, but we do believe we are in a better position.  We do believe to answer one of your discrete questions: Can Sysco expand its leadership position? The answer is yes, definitively. We believe we can expand our leadership position. How much additional upside is out there is something I'd prefer not to comment upon.  You offered an interesting query about Delta slowdown as a potential -- 2 things offsetting each other. I would just repeat, we're not seeing a Delta headwind at this point in time. This is not in our actuals that we are seeing a Delta headwind. The thing that would impact the business is if governments put restrictions back on operators, and let's be optimistic that, that won't be necessary. And toss back to you, Ed, if you have any other questions. 
Kevin Hourican: Thank you for the question, John. I just want to make sure I heard the first part of your question. I thought I heard you say, does the increased inflation dampen demand? If I did hear that correctly, I just want to be -- I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Kevin Hourican: Lauren, thank you for the question. This is Kevin. Go back to May 20 when we talked about our 3-year plan. What we described at that time for both '22, '23 and '24 was this is what we have received from Technomic, that's the company that we use for this, is the view on what the market recovery will be and that we will grow 1.2x that in our first year of the 3-year plan and 1.5x that in fiscal 2024. Both Aaron and I did a caveat that as the market grows faster, we need to grow faster, too. And if the market underperformed versus those forecasts, we commit we will grow 1.2x. I would actually take the view of the industry recovering much faster than what we expected, could put pressure on that 1.2x, but we are not communicating anything other than we are fully committed to delivering that level of growth. The total, for sure, will be higher for 2022 than what we originally thought, which is why Aaron announced today a lift of $2.5 billion of incremental sales. And we're on track to deliver the 1.2x for this first year of the 3-year plan, and we're on track to be able to deliver the 1.5x as well for the third year. So trying to be as transparent as I can. The market is growing, which is why we lifted sales by $2.5 billion, and we're on track to deliver the 1.2. 
Kevin Hourican: We are seeing it broad-based across markets. It has continued into July. We have not seen any form of a slowdown in July on a week-by-week basis. Aaron did a nice job of betting cleanup on one of my commentary. He reminds -- international. International was mostly closed in Q4. Our largest countries of operations internationally, specifically in Europe, didn't even begin reopening until late May and into June. And there's additional recovery still to be had in international because we have not fully recovered in international. We had a substantial profit improvement quarter-over-quarter with a breakeven performance in Q4, which is a $92 million profit increase from our Q3. And we see continued momentum in front of us as the market continues to reopen: a, international; b, foodservice management; c, hospitality. And we have not seen a slowdown in the restaurant sector in our largest U.S. business. 
Kevin Hourican: Kelly, it's a great question. This is Kevin. You're absolutely right that a new customer starts out as a lower cases per drop than a mature, tenured customer, and that's to be expected. My commentary would be our new customers are performing equal to or slightly better than historical new customers. We are tracking it by tenure, and we're seeing them move up the penetration growth expectations. So all things are on track. We have not acquired "small, unprofitable customers." I know that select folks may have tried to interpret that, not people on this call. I'm just saying that is not a problem. We are confident in the new customer wins and our ability to move those customers up the profit ladder, and we're on track. 
Kevin Hourican: This is Kevin. If I could just add on 2 things. Just nothing that we're doing in our cost-out will hinder our ability to serve our customers. In fact, we will add sales reps over time, and we are going to increase delivery frequency to our customers over time. So the cost-out is not variable. It's permanent. It's structural.  You have, for example -- some examples. We sold a corporate headquarters that we determined we didn't need because we have more people working from home than we had previously. That's just the asset sale, and it reduced our operating expenses. We restructured our field organization to become more efficient, more agile, more lean and to be more center-led from a strategy perspective. And that work is done. It's in the rearview mirror, and those costs are permanent. They're structural, never moved.  And we've got many other examples but it's -- and Aaron covered one other in his prepared remarks, which is indirect sourcing. So our purchasing of tires, our purchasing of select IT contracts, there's meaningful, meaningful dollars to be saved for our company as we get more aggressive in how we're strategically sourced. And Aaron personally and his team are doing terrific work in taking out costs in that regard. 
Aaron Alt: Thank you, Kevin. A couple of quick thoughts. First, a little -- modest inflation is not a bad thing in the industry, so long as we can pass it through, and we have proven in the last quarter that we expect to be able to pass it through. Kevin already called out that we were high single digits from an inflation perspective in Q4, really, across our categories, and we are forecasting that will continue certainly into Q1 of our new fiscal, if not the first half, and then moderate thereafter. It's also important to point out that we're dealing with a 2-year stack. Fiscal 2020 was actually modestly deflationary, and so we're reacting to that. And I just want to point out again that, given our scale, given the advantages we have, right, we have been successful and expect to be successful in passing through whatever inflation throws at us by commodity type as we carry forward. Thank you. 
Aaron Alt: Sure. Well, let me respond to that great first question, and I would answer it this way. We believe in a cautious and pragmatic approach to our financial guidance to Wall Street. The practical reality is that there's a lot going on, right, with the continued COVID recovery as well as the significant transformation that Kevin is leading across Sysco. And so both, as we laid out during our Investor Day in May and now with this update 90 days later, we're taking a cautious and pragmatic approach to it.  Things that could change, of course, is the speed of the recovery curve, right? It could accelerate or moderate, right? We're taking the best view we've got in the business as we are today. Similarly, from a profitability perspective, we have talked about our significant cost-out objectives, balancing out the snapback costs as well as the investments we're making in the transformation. And so we believe that the guidance range we've provided today, the $3.33 and the $3.53, is a cautious and pragmatic update to the guidance we provided at Investor Day, and that's what we're going to go get done. 
Aaron Alt: Thanks for the question, Mark. What we've disclosed is that from a gross profit perspective, right, we were -- gross profit grew over fiscal '19. We've not disclosed, and we are not proposing to disclose the actual impact broken out across the lines of the P&L. But I want to go back to what I said before. Modest inflation is a good thing for our business, so long as we can management -- manage it as we carry forward. And from a fiscal year '22 perspective, we do expect inflation to continue in the first half at the elevated rates and moderate thereafter. 
Aaron Alt: Thank you, Kevin. Two brief thoughts, just to reemphasize, as Kevin called out. There are parts of our business, notwithstanding our great Q4 results, that still have opportunity to come up the recovery curve: education, FSM and significant parts of our international business.  But I also want to point out what perhaps is obvious, forgive me for that, during the last couple of quarters, we've been managing a global business where the restrictions are different by city or different by state. And so as we look forward, part of the strength of our portfolio is that it's a portfolio. And we will have regions performing differently than others as various cities, counties, states or countries react differently to their situation, and that creates a great diversification for us from a portfolio result perspective. 
Aaron Alt: Sure. I'm not going to give you a number, but allow me to provide a couple of points of context. First is the cost, while increasing, as Kevin called out in his remarks, are largely transitory. We expect to work through them over the course of fiscal '22. Second, they will be funded by our cost-out. And again, over time, that will also present us with further opportunity. And lastly, and this -- I found this to be an interesting data point without giving you the number. I was looking at our driver cost as a percentage of our OpEx. As between Q4 of '21 and Q4 of '19, it was flat. Now I expect some modest increase in the first part of the year as we work through the situation that we've been discussing in this call, but that gives me some confidence that we will be able to manage through this. Thank you. 
Aaron Alt: I would just add one data point, which is the proof point in Kevin's observations is that foot traffic in the restaurants are up, even with the increased menu prices. 
Aaron Alt: I would just add to that one, Lauren, that we have -- one of the nice things about us getting started early and planning for the recovery is we have the inventory to handle the case growth that we're expecting. 
Aaron Alt: Sure. Here's what we said, and I would encourage you to go back and look at our May 20 Investor Day presentation. Our external guidance, if you will, or our long-range plan was that we would grow faster than whatever the market performance is. It's not dollar-based, it's industry-based, if you will. And our commitment was that in fiscal '22, we would grow 1.2x market, consistent with the transformation investments we're making. And that by the time we get to fiscal '24, again, because of the investments we're making and then increasingly achieving the ROI on those investments, we'd be growing at 1.5x the market growth as we carry forward. We've disclosed in the past that we have used Technomic as the source of industry data for us. And so as their forecasts adjust, we adjust our own expectations accordingly. But as Kevin said, we are -- and as you can see from our fourth quarter results, right, we are growing. We are on track relative to our expectations for fiscal year '22 relative to that 1.2x growth, and we're excited about both the organic and the inorganic initiatives that are going to help us to meet our commitments. And then we'll -- and Neil can also follow up with you on some of the details around it off the line, if you'd like. 
Aaron Alt: Great, sure. We are monitoring our costs 2 ways -- well, 3 ways. Let's talk about the spend for a second. We have a specific, identified list of strategic initiatives that are tied to our transformation for which there are specific business cases, which lead to the ROI over time that comes from sales and that -- the profit that comes from the incremental sales that result from them. So when I talk transformation investments, it's the spend against those initiatives in the quarter. In contrast, the snapback expenses, we are very carefully monitoring that which we believe to be onetime or short term or transitory in nature, and it goes to are we paying recruiting firms more money? Are we doing more recruiting marketing than we were doing before? Are we doing incremental training because of the velocity of new associates we have in coming into our buildings? Are we paying retention, et cetera? And that's what you will find within those -- within that disclosure. As far as -- I think you also asked me for trajectory. And what I would tell you is the trajectory for the transformation strategic initiatives, that is built into our expectation. And you can see it close -- you can see it the growth numbers that we've put out there for the next 3 years as well as the guidance we provided in the short term and the long term.  With respect to the snapback, because we're managing that every day, I can just leave you with the confidence that we believe we can manage it in the context of the cost-out that we're taking, and we'll be more aggressive on cost-out to help fund those -- fund the cost if they increase as well. But we believe we are -- we can land within the updated EPS guidance that we provided on the call today. 
Aaron Alt: Great question. Here's the context I would give you. Before we announced the goal, we had a specific and defined list of initiatives that we believe we could execute over time, taking into account the timing, cadence and depth of our transformation across key elements of our enterprise. I can get there. The buckets will be relatively familiar. They will go to how do we operate as an ongoing concern the most efficiently, followed by how are we supporting our customers the most directly. Reflecting our growth aspirations, you're right. There will be areas where we will need to invest in marketing and merchandising and areas as well. But if we take the list of cost initiatives, we believe that it enables the growth objective we have out there, and it is specifically actionable as we move through the period of time.  Now I want to go back and emphasize something I interpreted you were acknowledging your question, but let me just say it for the group as well, right? We've over delivered against the $350 million. That was our expectation for fiscal year '21, right? Our cost saving efforts will continue through fiscal '22, but what we're saying as part of our guidance is we have both the transformation of the snapback to deal with in the short term. But over the longer term, over our LRP period into '23 and '24, there's an incremental $400 million that will largely come out in '23 and '24 in service of our long-term guidance. 
