Kevin Hourican: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question, Chris. And I’ll take the first part and then I’ll toss it to Joel on the cost structure of Europe versus the U.S. It is a little bit different, mostly because in the United States we own our assets and equipment. We do some leasing overseas. But he’ll end with that. Europe, the business from a top-line perspective has been hit harder than other parts of the globe: A, it was hit earlier; and B, the declines themselves were steeper. So, as Joel said in his remarks, we’re about 60% down. We were at about 60% down at the trough. Good news is across the globe, we are recovering sequentially, week-over-week. As we mentioned, we’re up about 15% from where we were at the trough. But Europe started earlier, the declines were steeper and the recovery has been a little bit slower. And really, it comes down to one basic key concept; they have fewer drive-thrus in Europe than in the United States. So, I think about all the fast food chains in the United States and the drive-thru capability, the segment of our business that’s performing the best is quick-serve. Drive-thru in Europe, it’s more small restaurants. Many of them have closed temporarily and aren’t even doing the pickup and delivery that you’re seeing pretty robustly across the United States. So, we do anticipate the Europe business -- European business to come back. It’s a matter of when, not if, and it’s taking a little bit longer. And some of the social distance practices in select European countries have been quite strong. Ireland as an example was a business of ours performing quite well before COVID, and they’ve had some of the most strict restrictions. What is good is that we now have line of sight for each of those countries as to what their reopening plans look like. And even in Ireland in the month of June in particular, we’re going to begin to see easing of restrictions that will result in improved business trends, as I said, the trough being in the rear view mirror. So, I’ll toss to you on the expense side of the question.
Kevin Hourican: So, we’ll take that question in two parts. I’ll have Joel comment upon inflation, but let me take the profitable new business wins. The reason I say the word profitable each time I say new business wins is we want to be very clear, we have no intentions of going out and trying to buy the business. We are seeing rational pricing in the marketplace by ourselves and others in the space, and we have no intentions of buying the business. What we’re referring to is our capabilities that we are bringing. I’ll remind everybody that we have roughly 30% of the share of wallet of our existing customers. The work that we’re doing to help them through this crisis, we help lobby for the CARES Act, we help teach them how to apply for the loans, we help teaching them how to set up websites for takeout and delivery, we help providing them with PPE that helps them stay in business. These things create long-term win-win partnerships for them and for us. We expect for an increase in share of wallet from existing customers. The shop enhancements that I referred to, and hopefully we’re going to have an Investor Day at some point in time later this year, we can show you the improvements that we’re making to the shop tool to increase the effectiveness of the suggested order that we provide those existing customers, again, we know will result in increased share of wallet. What I was referring to on the net new business opportunity, I’ll do the local level first. We are changing the compensation structure for our local sales associates to align the incentives of those associates more directly to winning new business profitably, we’re also changing the go-to-market structure of how we organize that work, who does what, who calls our new customers, who comes in and sells an additional product, like our premium meat business, like our seafood and fresh-cut produce business. So, it’s an entire end to end campaign visa vis-à-vis new customer prospecting and it’s being rolled out as we speak. So, it’s an opportunity, when others are perhaps struggling to deal with this crisis, perhaps having financial challenges that will hinder their ability to acquire the inventory that they need to bring back there business, we will have the inventory in place, we will have the ability to ship on time and in full, and we will have the largest sales force in the industry actively prospecting new customers. Joel, I’ll ask if you have anything to add for inflation.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Jeff, I’ll be pretty concise on this first question, because obviously, we can’t with precision predict the question that you’re asking. What we would say are a couple of key components from a color perspective. For the longest term, we expect for that local street independent customer business to normalize and return back to its pre-COVID levels. People like eating at local restaurants, the whole farm to table, organic, local, et cetera was a big trend pre-COVID, and we would anticipate over time that it will revert back to that type of business penetration. And it’s the most profitable segment and one where we have significant upside potential from a market share perspective. And our sales force is uniquely positioned to do well in that space for the reasons I said earlier. As it relates to the second half of calendar 2020, and what will be the first half of our fiscal 2020, we’ll say it this way. From an expense management perspective, we will be planning for and preparing for the worst and we will be driving hard to make it be better than that potential outcome scenario. So, that’s about as clear as I can be at this point in time on that color.
Kevin Hourican: Okay. I want to thank everyone for your questions. And I’m sorry that our prepared remarks took longer than they normally do and therefore we didn’t get to as many questions as we would have liked. But, we thought it was really important for us to provide you with the details that we did. And I would like to close with a final few thoughts before we end the call. I’d like to summarize the significant amount of content that we covered with you this morning. As Joel reviewed, the financial impact of COVID-19 on our business is significant in the short-term. With that said, we want to be very clear that we are very confident in the long-term success of Sysco. We will continue to be the leader in this business and we will win new business through this crisis. We will profitably gain market share in the businesses we serve today and we will closely evaluate new business opportunities that have been identified during this crisis. To summarize the actions we’ve taken. We’ve improved our liquidity, we’ve reduced our operating expenses, we are driving our upside by leveraging new business opportunities in the short-term, and most importantly, we are using the COVID-19 crisis to transform our Company. It is Rahm Emanuel who is most often cited with the quote, Don’t Let a Good Crisis Go to Waste. We have taken those words to heart at Sysco. The crisis has galvanized our team to focus on a narrow set of strategic initiatives, and we are working in an agile and collaborative manner in a way that is better than at any time in our proud Company’s history. This leadership focus will enable us to implement transformational initiatives, like the ones I highlighted today in rapid manner. This includes improving our Shop tool, implementing a new go-to-market sales structure and selling model, and developing and implementing a world class pricing tool to better manage top-line growth and margin management. Each of these initiatives will help us becoming more agile, focused company. It will enable us to serve our customers more effectively, which will result in increased market share. When you combine what we will become as a company with the amazing work our sales team has done during this crisis to help our customers, we know we will be our customers’ most trusted business partner. That trust will help increase share of wallet with them and grow our top-line and bottom line. I would like to thank all of our Sysco associates for their tireless efforts and leadership they’re displaying during this crisis. Our associates inspire me every day. That concludes today’s call. And we thank you for joining us.
Joel Grade: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Yes, Chris. I think, the way to think about that, as Kevin mentioned in the beginning of his comments, that the expense structure in Europe is slightly different than we have throughout the rest of the organization in a sense that the assets that we have for most of the Company are owned, and much higher percentage of those in Europe is leased. And so, this idea of the ability to flex variable, obviously, as we’ve done across the remainder of the business, the European business has aggressively done that type of work at both from a headcount reduction as well as the productivity. However, they do still have lease agreements. Again, work’s been done there to renegotiate the terms on some of those, and again, a lot of work there. But, just to be clear, that expense structure is slightly different. And therefore, you’re going to see some of the increased impact there relative to here. The other thing I would remind you is that Europe has been a bit ahead of the curve in the U.S. in terms of the timing of when the stay-at-home requirements happened. And so, again, they’ve been a little bit further on and a little bit deeper into that than we are here.
Joel Grade: Yes. So, absolutely, thank you. A couple things I would point out on that. Number one is that the $153 million as an enterprise is essentially -- think about it as an estimate of what we should know now that happened between the end of the quarter and earnings, right? So, it is essentially an estimate of that amount. It is not intended to be fully reflective of all impacts that we would have going forward. But, it’s our best estimate of what we know today. We do anticipate seeing continued pressure in that space, and again, as things continue to evolve in the fourth quarter. But having said that there’s a couple key points I’d like to make in terms of what you’ve talked about in terms of the relative magnitude. Number one, we made some really solid progress in terms of our collection efforts. And frankly, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re actually ahead of schedule in terms of where we would have been in terms of the modeling. The second thing, as part of that, we’ve refined our tools and both from the collection that we do at the center and have engaged significantly our sales force to help with our collection efforts, even to the point where actually as we’ve thought about incentives for them during some of this time, the work that we’ve done is actually included an incentive for collection for our sales team. So, I would say, one of the things that we feel good about, even despite some of the challenges, is a very collective and aggressive effort in terms of collections. And then, the third point I’d make is that in terms of how we thought about that, it’s been a combination of things where for selected customers, we’ve supported them in the forms of payment plans, in the forms of deferrals and in the forms of them collecting new receivables on shorter terms, and so, again, doing the things that we can do to help support their business as they’re struggling through their own opportunities. So, just a couple of points there. But again, we feel good about that for now, but I don’t want that to be taken as the fact that yes, we’ve absorbed all of our exposure in the bad debt. But, the combination of that, a lot of good collection efforts is I think the result there.
Joel Grade: No, other than to reemphasize, there was a sequential improvement, Judah. It was not just kind of a point A to point B or the 15%. We actually had an incremental sequential improvement over the course of the month. Other than that, I don’t know. 
Joel Grade: No, just a real quick on the meat piece. I mean, I think, look, we do expect to have some inflationary impact on beef due to some of the higher demand and supply shortages, as a result of the plant closures. I think the one thing I would just emphasize, as always, I mean, number one, we have -- we do have a substantial supply of frozen inventories that I think will continue to help carry the day there. We also, as always, have been the supplier of choice where we have access to a tremendously diversified supplier base. And so, again, access to products has always been something during any of these types of supply shortages. We’ve been the provider that’s been able to do that. And I think, just as a one time in general on inflation. Obviously, there’s a lot of moving parts in April, again, the inflation numbers, obviously we talked about one number, but there’s a lot of different categories. That’s a difficult thing to predict right now, in general. And so, we’re not really looking to do that based on the forward look, just with everything going on in April. But, I mean there is some view that there will be some inflationary pressure on the meat side, without a doubt.
Joel Grade: Yes. So, a couple of things, Ed. Thanks for the question and good morning. I think, yes, I think, the way I would think about this is the following. I mean, I think, your approach, your approximation of April is roughly correct. Again, I think, as we talked about, some level of gradual incremental improvements over the course of the quarter, I think would be what we are expecting, just given the trends that we’re seeing and obviously the states’ gradual reopening of their economies. From a margin perspective, I do think there’s -- our margins in this time are impacted, I guess, I’d think about really by a couple of things. One is the mix of the business. Obviously, as we’ve talked about, there’s a bit more of the chain, and particularly QSR space has been better off than the local. And so, that obviously will result in some level of mix shift. In general, there also for a time period in order to remove inventory, there was some level of discounting we had done in order to move some of that product. And so, that is not to suggest irrational competitive behavior; it’s simply to suggest movement of inventory. So, I think, you’ll continue to see some of that. So, I think there is a margin pressure that is likely to be continuing to impact that is probably one of the pieces that you’re missing out of your modeling there.
Joel Grade: Well, so, in other words, what I would suggest is that you should think about the trends you’re anticipating, based on volume movement. We’ve given you kind of a two-thirds variable and fixed, et cetera, et cetera. And then, we’ve actually taken $500 million of expense out. So, I don’t know how to say it other than just to run your expense model and add back by $500 million.
Joel Grade: Well, I’d say a couple of things to that, Ed. Number one, I want to reemphasize our point that we do believe while we get -- we try to be clear on what we expect for Q4. We do believe that’s the trough. Number one. I think that’s an important point to emphasize. The second thing I would emphasize and point out is that as part of the cost work, it’s not only been reduction of the heads and reduction of variable costs in that way, but the productivity improvements that we’ve made have also been significant. We’ve taken almost 90% of our overtime hours out. We’ve taken actually action to ensure that our routing is reflective of the fact that -- again, we have the metric called pieces per trip, that is only down a slight percentage from the actual volume decline, meaning that we’re sending out a lot less trucks. We’ve got a very fast and agile rerouting of our fleet in order to maximize and optimize our routing. And so, I think that’s another part that comes into play here, the way you’re talking about. So, I guess to put a bow on all that to summarize, yes, we’re going to anticipate there’s going to be some capacity restrictions or whatever things that restaurants, and there will likely be some lower than normal drops. But, as we’ve done now, we will be very flexible and agile in terms of ensuring we’re optimizing our productivity and the profitability of the business that we’re going to do.
