William J. DeLaney: Thank you, Neil. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Sysco's first quarter financial results announced this morning reflect important early progress toward achieving the three-year financial targets we established for operating income and return on invested capital at our September Investor Day. The key leverage for realizing these targets are accelerating local case growth, improving gross margins, leveraging our supply chain costs and reducing administrative costs. The quality of our overall business results for the quarter was very good, driven by strong volume growth with both our locally and corporate-managed customers and sound gross margin management. However, sales growth was minimal and earnings were essentially flat due in large part to the unfavorable impact of both food cost deflation and currency translation. These two factors have somewhat restrained our performance for a good portion of the calendar year and we expect that these headwinds will persist for the next few months. Looking at broader economic and industry trends, we continue to see mixed data points with evidence of both underlying strength and optimism, but also pockets of concern. Consumer confidence recently rebounded to its yearly highs in September, but then fell back in October. Unemployment remains at low levels although non-farm employment levels have decreased steadily since May. NPD data for the three-month period ending in August showed continued positive restaurant spend with traffic growth rebounding from the prior three-month period. The QSR segment continues to be the main driver of positive restaurant traffic while fine dining segment also returned to a positive growth rate. Overall, restaurant traffic appears to be slightly positive. While still favorable on an absolute level, recent NRA data for September showed a decline in restaurant performance and foodservice operator confidence to levels last seen in late 2014. Turning to our first quarter results, I'm especially pleased with performance of our U.S. Broadline business. As you know, this part of our business represents approximately 70% of Sysco's revenues and 90% of our profits. During the first quarter, our U.S. Broadline operations delivered case growth of 3.4% including local case growth of 2%, the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year local case growth. Gross profit dollar growth of 4.6%, nearly 2% more than our operating expense growth of 2.7%, and operating income growth of 6.4%. This performance was strong, especially after considering the impact of 1% food cost deflation in U.S. Broadline business, and drove Sysco's overall gross profit growth of more than 2% and year-over-year gross margin expansion of approximately 0.25%. Expense management trends continue to improve in much of our business as reflected in the $0.01 per case cost reduction in the U.S. Broadline business compared to the prior year. However, such improvement was offset by planned investment in merger-related carryover technology spend for projects that will provide key support to achieving our financial targets over the next three years. As I stated a moment ago, two of the key levers to achieving our three-year financial plan are: one, accelerating our local case growth; and, two, improving margins. Our results this quarter reflect good progress on doing exactly that. A few examples of the progress we've made in various areas to produce these results include our category management work, which continues to provide incremental benefits to both our customers and Sysco; improve Sysco brand penetration, especially with locally-managed customers; and continued progress with our revenue management development work and early success in our pilot locations. In summary, our underlying business has good momentum and we are in the right path to achieving our long-term financial and strategic objectives. For now, I'll turn it over to Joel for some additional details, and then I'll come back to summarize before we go to the Q&A.
William J. DeLaney: Thanks, Joel. In summary, I am encouraged by the quality of our first quarter results and in particular with performance of our U.S. Broadline business. We are now experiencing consistent improvement in our local volume growth trends and gross margin management in this all-important part of our business, as a result of improved execution of several commercial initiatives implemented over the past few years. Expense management trends have improved of-late, and we are also making good strides in developing and refining action plans to accelerate additional cost improvement benefits, both in our supply chain and administrative areas of Sysco. We will provide regular updates on an ongoing basis in achieving our targeted results for improving our customers' experience, enhancing associate engagement and meeting our 2018 financial goals for operating income and return on invested capital. And with that, operator, we'll now take questions.
William J. DeLaney: Okay. Good morning, John. On that competitive environment, I would say pretty much what we've been saying. The competitive environment remains very acute and comes in all forms of competitors, large, small...
William J. DeLaney: ...local, regional, et cetera, national, that kind of thing. As far as I think what you're getting at, some of our larger competitors, they're on different stages right now in terms of where they are in developing and driving out their strategic plans and that type of thing. So I would say generally, John, the competitive environment remains very competitive, but reasonably rational. And yet at the same time, I would tell you in any given day, in any given market, there's probably some volatility and probably some inconsistencies with what I'm just telling you there. But I don't think a big change from when we would've talked a few months ago. As far as the U.S. Broadline's concerned, it's good question, I would say to you – let me, without the deflation, honestly, I would just tell you it would have been much better, or at least somewhat better without the deflation. We had good gross profit growth, as I said, even with deflation, very good case growth and we managed the margins well. We've got work to do, John. So we still have work to do on the expense side here, in all parts of our business, and we're beginning to make some strides there. But I would say, without the deflation, the U.S. Broadline would have been – probably had somewhat of a stronger performance.
William J. DeLaney: Well, I think it just depends. I mean, right now, deflation is somewhat of a headwind as it relates to the gross profit growth. And there's a lot of things, as you know, John, that impact margin from macro events to mix, and all that type of thing. I think what I'm conveying to you today is a lot of these initiatives that we've taken on over last two years or three years are beginning to bear fruit, whether it's how we manage our sales force, rolling out CatMan, continuing to work on the brand in the right way in conjunction with CatMan, and early days of revenue management which manifests itself in a lot of different ways. So I'm feeling good about our ability to manage margin. I think what you heard us say at the Analyst Day or the Investor Day, there's things we don't control. So right now our GP was up – it was up what it was up overall, was up nicely in the U.S. Broadline. But I would – we're not at that spread right now overall. So I would say to you the plan here is to get back to that spread of at least 1% between gross profit dollar growth and expense growth. And what do we need to do to do that? We need to maintain the momentum we've got on local case growth, we've got to continue to manage those gross margins well, and we do need to get our expense increases to a lower level.
William J. DeLaney: I think it's a lot of things, Meredith. If you recall the Investor Day, Tom Bené spoke, he took you through a lot of different strategies and processes that we're doing. I would say under Tom's leadership, there's some basic things, there's a very tight cadence of meetings between him and his market leadership in the field, weekly, monthly, quarterly, that type of thing. So we've got good continuity there. Some of the segmentation work that Tom spoke to, both in terms of customer segmentation, product category opportunities, those are – looking for opportunities within every cell that we operate in, whether it's geographically across customer segments, we talked about Hispanic, we talked about potential more opportunity in the local fresh area, that type of thing. But also just basic things where you sit down, as a management team, whether it's locally or through the CatMan group and look at categories that you may be underpenetrated in. So we've got good alignment around good basic business principles, good connectivity between what we're doing here at corporate into the market and then obviously where it all happens in the field. And I will also tell you, CatMan continues to help. It's going to – as it matures in terms of some of the sourcing aspects of it, it's going to help us, I think, create more momentum on innovation and, over time, optimizing our SKU count as we strike the right balance between reducing SKUs where we have redundancies, but also broadening our SKUs for some of the items that may be new or maybe don't move quite as fast, but they're particularly important to customers. So a lot of it's process and a lot of it's, again, going back to these commercial initiatives that we've been developing and employing here over the last two years or three years.
William J. DeLaney: It's both. So if you go back and so the – some of the sales tools and that type of thing we've been using for three years or more, they're beginning to mature; CatMan has been out there for two years or three years. But the revenue management work is really just beginning. And so we're in various stages on all these. I think probably the biggest thing right now, outside of that, Meredith, is I just feel we have really good alignment right now across that whole triangle we took you through between facing up, where it matters most which is at the customer level, supporting that in the market and then continuing to develop good tools here, but field-ready tools and we're getting better at that.
William J. DeLaney: I would say most of our businesses perform very well. There's a couple that didn't. I wouldn't say those are overly material to your question. As I mentioned in my comments, we've got some planned expense increases at corporate, largely in the business technology area. We talked about this over the last couple calls. We had some projects that we're going down the road in anticipation of US Foods merger on some opportunities here that we think are very compelling, especially in the customer-facing side of the business. And so we've continued on with those and that's created, on a year-over-year basis, a bigger delta on the expense side of corporate. And Joel mentioned, we took a hit on some long-term incentives here because of the stock performance. So it's a little bit of everything, but it's mostly corporate, some of which was planned, some of which was just kind of the mark-to-market, if you will, of the LTI.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, I would answer that in the context of all expenses. And so again, as we continue to evolve here as a company, there's certainly a corporate group and there's markets and OpCos, but we look at optimizing the spend throughout. And so if you go back to those four levers I talked about, the last two levers are really about optimizing our expense management and so there's significant opportunity there, we believe, both on the supply chain side as well as on the administrative side and we're working through that now. You saw some of it on supply chain side this quarter. We had a pretty good quarter there. And on the administrative side, those are more thoughtful processes that we need to go through and we'll communicate those to you over the next few months.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah. Thanks, Ed. The way I would be thinking about both the way we laid out our three-year goals as well as the way this year's plan is targeted is, in that three-year plan we said it wouldn't be linear, this year's not going to be linear, and there's less of a trajectory, if you will, in the operating income in the first year than there is in year-two and year-three. The short answer to your question is, yes. I think as we get into breaking down those costs, especially, I don't really want to call them SG&A, I'm just going to call them administrative costs regardless of what part of the business they're in. Whether they're locally or corporate or in between and whether they're purely admin or just administrative in nature, you should expect to see those numbers – that growth to – that curve to become more shallow as we go forward. What I was saying on the earlier question was we did plan in some meaningful technology spend this year to finish off some projects that we had started with the merger that are very compelling from a customer-facing standpoint, but also have significant costs. And so that's driving a lot of that expense delta here right now. So I was pleased with the overall cost per piece in the business. The corporate department's actually managed their expenses fine. We have the technology spend and then we had this other issue here on the incentive accrual. So short answer to your question is, it will begin to grow at a slower rate, and that's probably going to take us another couple quarters to give you some visibility to that.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, sure. Well, I think at the Analyst Day, they had just come on (30:54) the board, I think, within a week or two that – or two or three weeks at least of that day. So I don't want to speak for them, but they've been doing – continuing to do their work. So they've pulled a lot of data and they're looking at a lot of information, they're visiting facilities, they're meeting with our management team, that type of thing. Their first real board meeting is our board meeting in November. And I'm sure we'll, at that point, between now and then and then after that, get better clarity on their thoughts in more detail and the breadth of their thoughts. And as board members, we'll work through it appropriately.
William J. DeLaney: We can get that for you, Karen. The only reason we don't show that anymore is because, obviously, we're going through some transition with SYGMA, so we don't think it's overly reflective of what's going on in the company. But if we can't give it to you in the call, we'll get back to you.
William J. DeLaney: We track it that way, but because you have customers that transition back and forth. Generally they go one way into pure Street to local contract to corporate-managed. We think looking at it in total is better. So I would say generally we're seeing a comparable growth with the local business as well.
William J. DeLaney: Sure. Well, I think there's a lot of things. I mean, I think it's not like we just started doing that, okay, we've been doing it for 45 years. Half of that $50 billion we do, roughly half of that is with local or Street, a little bit more if you go to local. So it's the DNA of the company. It's in our – it's woven into the fabric of this company. It's how we've grown to where we are today. I think the point we made at Investor Day is with some of the challenges we've had in the macro environment and the acute – the increased competition that came from 2009, simultaneously with us driving out a heck of a lot of transformational change. We've struggled over the last few years until last year to drive the local case growth. So it's nothing new, it's just something we haven't done as well as we would have liked over the last few years, and there's reasons for that. So in terms of why Sysco? I think it starts with our sales force. We've got 7,000 marketing associates across the country. Our structure that we continue to find ways to optimize, but one of the reasons we've remained very local is because, as I said many times, about two-thirds of our revenue stream comes from customers whose decision makers are domiciled within 100 miles, 150 miles of that operating company. So that creates a need, not just for local sales representation, but for local leadership with our presidents and senior teams there. So I think our geographic footprint, the talent of our operating teams, the experience and the breadth of our sales force, all these new things that we've been talking about earlier on the call on the commercial initiative side, from CatMan to rev man to segmentation, listening to our customers in a much more effective way through over the last three or four years, that have led to increased loyalty. The fact that we had the courage to take on transforming this company at a time – key inflection point in our country and in our industry, we're one of the few people in our industry that has taken on this kind of change. So I think the fact that we're forward-looking and we've got great people and we've got great strategy, I think those are all reasons why we should continue to have a lot of success.
William J. DeLaney: Vinnie, I think what we said was, we're just beginning to do that work and it's just been a few weeks. So, so far so good, early days, but we're very excited about the opportunity.
William J. DeLaney: No, that'd be difficult, Andy. Certainly, as I said at the Investor Day, the market environment, even today's comments, there's not a lot of consistency to it. But I think when you look at it in the context of where we were five years or six years ago, or even two years or three years ago, we're in a better market environment. So I'm sure that's helping everybody to some degree, but I certainly would think that we're taking share with 2% growth. And we update those numbers about once a year.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, Ajay, I think what we certainly attempted to convey at the Investor Day was we need to continue to grow. We believe we can grow profitably and take share in the right way, but it needs to be more targeted growth than what we've seen over the past. We need a little more balance between the corporate-managed growth and the local growth. And it's not that we don't want corporate-managed growth, we do, we just need to see a little bit more balance there. So I think on the cost cutting, the way I actually look at it in terms of running a business, we'll go to your last question, which is to cut costs, there's no trophies for cutting costs, right? So to cut costs and to do it in a way where you don't anticipate what the downside would be, would be somewhat foolish on our part. And that's why we're taking some time here on the administrative cost side to go through and look at the work, look at the prioritization of the work, look at the sequencing of the work, look at the structure, look at how much we still need to do on the technology side, for example, to continue to be up there in front with our customers and be responsive to their needs. So what we're doing right now is prioritizing all that in a way that we need to put it together in a fiscally responsible way and then we'll bring it back to you and to our customer base and to our associates in the most balanced way that we can and in the least risky way that we can. So certainly, if we were to go out and cut back dramatically on customer-facing technology support or customer-facing associates, that wouldn't be very smart way to proceed here. So we're proceeding – we see opportunity, as I've said multiple times now, in all parts of the business. Where you're seeing us focused primarily right now is on supply chain and the administrative side. And I think over the next couple quarters, we'll be able to give you more visibility to that.
William J. DeLaney: Kelly, it's Bill. I think on the first part of the question, if you go back and look over the last two or three years and look at where our growth has come out, I think we've done a really nice job in building out the center of the plate. So in particular, those protein items that you're talking about, whether it's meat, seafood, poultry, and even the produce and dairy, along the way, so continue to, I think, see good opportunity there. A lot of it's fresh, not all of it though. I think it's still a little early to tell. We certainly acknowledge and are reacting and trying to be as proactive as possible in terms of some of the accelerating trends as it relates to the local and the organic and that type of thing as well as the ethnic opportunities. I would tell you those are real trends and meaningful and very important to our customers. I don't know that I can tell you today that that's really driving substantial dollars, but certainly it's an area where we need to be going forward. I think your second question, I probably need to do a little more work on. I think we've had some good initiatives going on, both on the merchandising side of our business, in particular in conjunction with CatMan, in the sustainability area, and we're putting more resources into those. So let us come back to you on that in terms of how all that winds up going forward.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, I get this question a lot and I'm going to stay consistent with what I've always said. The ideal place for us to be would be to have two to three points of inflation across every category. I mean, that's as good as it gets, I've never seen it in 27 years of doing this. But that would be very good. And why is that? That's because history tells you and the data tells you that most of our customers are able to pass that type of increase along in a reasonably manageable way, and in a way that works for their business. So 2% to 3% overall would be fine. When it gets up over that, 4%, 5%, 6%, that's not good for our customers, and that's when it starts to also make it difficult for us to pass that much along on a timely basis. Deflation would be the least attractive of all of those. It probably does – it certainly does help your margin to some extent in terms of the percentage. But as we all understand, you're taking fewer dollars to the bank to pay bills. So it puts a lot of pressure on your expenses along the way. So deflation, we haven't seen a lot of it. We did some work on this. I think over the last decade, we've only had deflation a couple times and I think it's ranged from, in one instance, 0.25% or so, in another instance, maybe up to 0.75%. We think we'll probably be on the longer end of that this time around. But it's a challenging environment. But I will tell you, I think we're doing a good job, striking the right balance in terms of managing that down in a way that works for the customer, but still is working for us, and I think you saw that in the numbers this quarter.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, I think what we said on the restaurant part of it was it went back to kind of where we were about a year ago. So I mean it's still much improved over the last three or four years, both in consumer confidence and in those NRA statistics. We're almost back to where we were in 2009. Again, that's 2009, so need to put that in some context. It's hard to pinpoint. Look, restaurant operators, they're people like all of us. So I think when you see a stock market going up and down with that kind of volatility, it makes people nervous, and that could be part of it. What we're really telling you is there didn't seem to be any discernible medium-term trend. It's up for a quarter or two and then it's down and then back up again. So overall, in the context of looking back two, three, four years, it's much better. It's just hard to see a pattern here.
William J. DeLaney: Actually, I haven't seen a lot of October data yet, John. Our trends are pretty similar to what we saw in the first quarter. As I said, deflation has accelerated a little bit more, but we're not seeing any big change. It's tough for us week-to-week. Holidays fall on different weeks or days and that kind of thing, but I would just tell you sitting here, I can't tell you there's been any big shift in demand or anything like that.
William J. DeLaney: Yeah, I don't know about that. I think what you're hearing from us is we begin to develop a real revenue management process as there's opportunities for us with analytics in terms of the segmentation we're doing, both across product categories as well as customers. There's opportunities for us to be smarter and more consistent and to be more on the market in terms of what's important to our customers. So I think that's the bigger opportunity. I was with a customer the other day, and you were pointing out labor, it's the biggest thing we hear today from every customer we talk to, and you see it in the press. There's a labor shortage out there. They're having to adjust their cost structure accordingly. And I think that actually does the opposite of your question, it puts a little more pressure on us on pricing because they're always looking for opportunities to manage their costs. But overall, I'd say it's not a bad environment right now from a pricing standpoint, other than the deflation aspect of it.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, Meredith, this is Joel. I'd call that more just on a normal basis. There's nothing significant that happened there.
Joel T. Grade: They're added back because I think as we go through this transformation, Meredith, there's going to be some peaks and valleys on that line and right now we're in a little bit of a valley, which is nice. But it's – again, we're transforming here a $45 billion, $50 billion company that's been in business for 40 years. So we'll continue to optimize our workforce.
Joel T. Grade: And, Karen, this is Joel. Just the total Broadline plus SYGMA case growth was 2.4% for the quarter, as a follow-up.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. And I guess the other thing I'd just remind you of, again, we certainly think about inflation in our business by category. And so, again, many of the categories we have are relatively flat and then so some of the volatility we're seeing really is in a couple categories. It's a little bit harder to see where that's headed, but again as Bill mentioned, it certainly feels like it's going to get a little bit worse before it gets better as we move throughout the rest of this year.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. There's a non-majority ownership, in other words, and then so the whole thing's reported up above and then the minority, the part that we don't own, is backed out down below.
