Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to join you today for my first earnings call as Sysco's new President and CEO. And more importantly, I'm very excited to lead Sysco during this time in our Company’s history. I would like to say a few words about what attracted me to Sysco and the compelling opportunity that I see ahead. For decades, I have admired Sysco's reputation as the market leader in cutting-edge foodservice solutions. Like Sysco, I have dedicated my career to excellence of supply chain, logistics, taking a customer-first approach and leading successful teams. I have admired Sysco for its leadership, its brand and its strong culture in these areas. When the opportunity arose to join the team, I immediately knew that this was the right next step for my career and a place where I can apply my leadership skill set and business passion. I also knew that this would present a unique opportunity to further strengthen the company as the market leader and enhance growth. Sysco's Board and I collectively agree that there are opportunities to further capitalize on our scale advantages, win in underdeveloped markets, improve our performance and increase operational efficiencies to unlock funding for growth. Our core strategy will remain in place, but we intend to accelerate execution in key areas to increase long-term value for all of our stakeholders. I look forward to working closely with Ed, the Board and our talented global team to deliver on our strategic plan. And I look forward to speaking and meeting with you, our associates, our analysts and our investors. Your perspective on our business and the surrounding landscape will continue to be important as we move forward. Now, I will turn the call over to Joel, so we can walk you through our second quarter results.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, good morning, and I appreciate the call - the question on the call this morning. First, I do want to acknowledge the good work that the company has been doing and the strong results and, as Joel said, the very capable team here at Sysco. And to directly answer your question, where do we see opportunities for growth?  The first is, we need to and can leverage our scale and our size more efficiently. Joel referenced improved processes, taking cost out of the system. That cost that we can take out of the system that is where we can fuel and fund top line growth in the future. We will be very pragmatic and disciplined on our pricing strategies. Joel, I know, has covered that consistently quarter-over-quarter.  We will be very thoughtful about how we price the business. Ed referenced there are underserved markets for Sysco. A specific example would be the metro market where we under-represent versus our national average.  There are some things we can do vis-à-vis how we serve those customers more strategically with, we will call, customized tailored supply chain solutions for those markets, and that would be again another area of where and how we can grow that is not tied to price.  I guess, I would just wrap up with saying, as you know, this is a very highly fragmented market, one where the largest player in the space through the investments that we can make, the capabilities that we can bring to the table, we can take increased share overtime, and that is our plan.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Joel. So what I was referring to, yes, was the more metro markets where our share under-represents. And the why as I mentioned earlier was the supply chain solutions and the go-to-market strategy that works in more suburban or rural area does not necessarily work in a downtown metro environment.  Some of these high volume, let's just call, New York City restaurants, they may need delivery multiple times per day. And what we will work on are solutions that provide more tailored support for those types of customers in a cost-efficient way so that the business would be profitable. And Joel already covered the profit per customer, so I won't build on that.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Thank you for the question, John. I would say, on the talent and people side, it is too premature for me to comment upon that, as Joel mentioned, just started with the company. And a big part of my on-boarding will be, what we call, listening tour, which is going out and talking to our MAs all throughout the country our sales associates to listen and to learn from them. Some of the best most customer-centric ideas, innovations come from that front-line-associate. It could be the MA, it could be the driver that is been delivering to an account for many, many years in some instances at Sysco decades. They have great ideas on how we can better serve the customers. So, I can't wait to get started in regards to traveling around the country and meeting our great associates, and learning from them on how we can best serve our customers. So too premature to comment upon are there more or fewer overtime. You will hear more from us later in the year on our strategy and where we are headed in that regard. As it relates to supply chain solutions, this is my expertise by trade and by background. We will do a thorough end-to-end network optimization review to determine number of facilities, optimization of which end points are stored from those facilities. The work we do there though will be thoughtful, and we will self-fund the work that we need to do. We are not at this point communicating a need to increase capital investment. We can reduce cost and use that reduction in cost to fuel and fund the investments that we will make. That is our remit, that is our charter, and I know you are looking for specifics today. Those specifics will come in due time.
Kevin Hourican: I just want to add one thing to that. I don't want the participants on the call to perceive that our singular whole step growth is through those metro markets. We have multiple vectors of growth. We just highlighted one of them as an example to answer a question earlier on in the call.
Kevin Hourican: I will build on. I will ask a question and answer, and it is - Kevin, are you aligned with the Sysco priorities and the investments that Joel just referred to are directly driving those key priorities? The answer to that is, yes, I am. The Company’s number one priority is to be a customer-first culture, and I'm 100% aligned to that culture. As I mentioned earlier, the best ideas, the most innovation - innovative solutions come by better understanding the needs of your customer and providing solutions that help you do better business with those customers. Joel referenced that. It is also our MA sales force, providing them with better tools to be able to be more effective at their roles. That is a part of this investment, and I'm 100% aligned with that. The second one is our local transformation. And Joel talked about essentially a framework of capabilities that can then be deployed to match the needs of a local trade area. One of those happens to be metro, and that is customer on-boarding, I mentioned supply chain solutions and a customer ordering tool improvement. I'm aligned with all of those things. And last but not least is business optimization. Joel talked about funding sources for growth by improving the manner with which we run our business. We have talked about leveraging our scale. Leveraging our scale is, we should be the lowest cost operator in the business, and therefore then be able to pass upon to our customers savings tied to the efficiency improvements and also create sources for investing growth dollars. So, I am aligned with the priorities and I'm very supportive of the decision that was made.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. That is a great question, Jeffrey and thank you for it. I think most new CEO is coming in, there is a 90-day, 100-day plan and this listening tour will be a part of that. In addition by the way, it is doing very specific deep dives into the business while doing that. It is not just a listening tour, but the listening tour is a vital and important part of on-boarding. I think what I would say at this point in time is late summer is when you could expect to hear from us from an update perspective on where we are with our strategies. And more on that later, Neil will help manage and communicate in that regard.
Joel Grade: And Ed, if I could just add one thing to that. I think, look, we have said many times, and we have said that our strategy as a leader in this industry has never been to lead with price. It never has been, it never will be. And so, I think the - again, some of the stuff that you are seeing this quarter as we talked about was related to some - a bit elevated inflation that happened at a higher level and at an accelerated rate that allowed us some inefficiencies on passing that along. But again, I just want to reiterate - what Kevin said and just to add on to that question just a bit, and that is not and never will be a strategy of ours to lead with price.
Joel Grade: Sure. So, a couple of points. First, I would say, one of the things that we saw - remember, the average that we talked about inflation is one number, but obviously it is made up of a lot of different categories. And some of those categories tend to be harder to pass along inflation with - than others. And again, certainly the Center of the Plate category is the ones that tend to be more emotional on our space.  And so, what we experienced, and particularly in the later part of the quarter, was an acceleration in the areas that we talked about primarily in Center of the Plate and beef, in dairy and - as well as some in canned and dry. But really the beef and dairy categories were the primary ones. And I think, again, as we have talked about a number of times, it is not just that overall number, it is the rate at which they're actually accelerating. And certainly that is part of what we saw again toward the later part of this quarter that we struggled to pass along. The other point I would make, when you actually look at the overall, given if you will gross profit per case. One of the things we called out here is, some of the produce market that we had last year that was related to weather impacts in California. And so, at that time, we had some positive gains from the produce markets. That was the latter part of the second quarter last year, and we actually saw that carry into the early part of the third quarter of last year as well. And so, on a per case basis, when you look at the overall gross profit, it really is related to, again, some of the struggle of the inefficiency of passing some of the inflation along to the produce markets, again the piece around the fuel surcharge, particularly areas that we struggled with. The question that you had in terms of - as we see that outlook moving forward, I think one of the things we did continue to see is some of those challenges that we had toward the latter part of this quarter and carry into the early part of the third quarter. And so, I think that some of it, again, will be somewhat self-correcting in a sense that in the case of our multi-unit customers, so that 50% of the business that we have on a cost-plus arrangement where it is a relatively short-time lag to pass some of that cost along.  Again, we will anticipate seeing, I would say, some improvement there. But again, particularly the categories that we saw the inflation in and the rate that we saw the increase is why we had some challenges passing that along. And it impacted our margins, particularly in the U.S. Foodservice business.
Joel Grade: So let me take that. I will let Kevin add in if he so desires. Obviously it is pretty much his first day on the job, so we should take that into consideration here. But what I will say is the following. The idea that the metro markets are competitive is certainly true.  The idea that the metro markets are somehow inherently unprofitable, I would certainly debate that with you significantly, because again there is - one of the areas that we have been underdeveloped is in some of the most sort of dense urban markets. And in some of those cases, it is about the ways that we go to market and the value that we provide to those customers. And in so many of the cases, and particularly in some, again, the - some of the high-end restaurants and some of the different metropolitan areas, again, price becomes much less of an issue when the go-to-market strategy is the right one. And so, I - so I will let Kevin chime in here, but I just want to probably a little bit debunk this idea that somehow we are just charging into the less profitable area. Kevin, I will let you take it from here.
Joel Grade: I think the other thing I would point out, Chris, when we talk about investments that we are making, some of the investments that we are talking about here are to continue to enhance the way that our technology tools interact with our customers, to continue to enhance the way our technology tools allow our salespeople to be supported in a different way that allows, again, for these types of interactions. So I think, again a lot of these things that we are talking about here is certainly - are where we see opportunities, and again particularly in these areas where we are very - we are significantly underpenetrated.
Joel Grade: Well, let me start with the premise of why that decision was made and the thought process around that. If you look at Sysco historically, one of the challenges that we have had in servicing our national customers is the idea that we have primarily had customer care at each operating company level. So name the CMU customer, and you had to solve issues whether it were credit issues, whether it were customer service issues, your primary points of contact were in a very decentralized - we service in 50 locations, you basically had 50 points of contact, which obviously is suboptimal in terms of the service for a large national account. So the basic strategic premise for doing this was to actually have a situation where you actually had, again, sort of a one call, one single point of contact for customer care, single point of contact for credit issues.  And so, the whole reason strategically for doing this was around that. Part of the work that we did and the decisions in terms of why we chose to do things in the way that we did was again both to have a partner that would allow us to provide the technology support to enable that work, and again to restructure the team somewhat differently in a way that again it was really more focused around teams of this sort of single point of contact for customers. So, I actually look at this as a very good strategic enhancement for our business both from the perspective of the ability to actually sell those customers and serve them in a different way and take care of their needs.  But in addition to that, and again, I would say a little bit later down the line from a cost perspective. Obviously, there is some initial work required to invest in this model. Overtime, we do believe it will be a more efficient model, but that is the premise of what that was done for.
Joel Grade: It depends on the market as you can imagine. There is some that we are better penetrated than others. But I would say, generally it is - I would say, somewhat less than half would be the way I would think about that.
Joel Grade: Sure. So, a couple of points. Again, just as a - the general gist of the three-year plan to takedown, it was - as we talked about some of the things related to some of the margin, challenges and opportunities, the work - the integration work in France, some of the discrete expenses from a corporate perspective. The investments in the business, the way I would actually characterize that and again, this falls into the category of the point I made literally toward the end of my prepared remarks, where we talked about the decision. Would we just simply hold off on investments that we believe are really important in order to hit short-term goals or in order to accelerate some of those investments to continue to move forward on some of the things we believe are really important? And a little bit - and certainly we always have and always will choose the latter in that scenario. So, the point Kevin made earlier, again, the metro example was just simply one idea or one point that was an example of some of the areas we are looking to accelerate. But the investment is really centered around a few key areas that I would probably highlight for you. It centers around these areas around accelerating work in our customer-facing technologies. It centers around accelerating work in the technologies that support our salespeople and allow them to go to market, support our customers in the way that we think, again, certainly moves some of these things forward in an accelerated way. They focus on areas what I would call simplification of our business in terms of the way that we interact with our suppliers, with our customers. They look at the way that we can actually accelerate. And when I say cost savings, I look at cost from almost an end-to-end view in terms of both how we accelerate areas of cost of goods all to indirect spend, all of those types of things that some of the investments that we are making, we believe, will allow us to accelerate in each of those areas, again both due to simplifications as well as some of the enhancements again in technology. And then, so those are the way I would categorize some of the work in the investments. And certainly, as we have talked about the need to continue to accelerate growth in this business, they need to leverage scale in a better way, they need to go-to-market in a way that enhances our ability to service this wider group of customers in a better way. I would characterize our investments as falling into that. And again - and frankly, we felt it is important to - they're important long-term investments that we thought were very much worth accelerating.
Joel Grade: Yes. I mean, what I would say is that there is - it is a continuation of some degree of investments that have already been made, but an acceleration at work. So what I would say is - and again, I will let Kevin say this to you. I mean, I think Kevin, there is an alignment with the strategic approach we are taking. But to say Kevin was one that directly said, hey, we would accelerate that would not be a fair statement. We certainly believe that as a leadership team that that was important work, again, supported by Kevin and by our Board. I will let you...
Joel Grade: No. I mean I would think that - again, that is something I think you'll actually continue to hear us talk about. Actually we have talked about that consistently for actually many years in terms of how we view that. Again, those customers and the opportunity are really disciplined in how we grow. I would say, the only thing I would maybe say is, I mean, what you are seeing in our SYGMA segment right now, which actually has a fairly acute decrease in the top line that was planned for and as part of this thing, again, that is probably a little stronger year-over-year than you may anticipate as we move forward. But I think, generally speaking, we will remain disciplined in this space. It is an important area to us both strategically and in terms of covering fixed and providing opportunities for us to enter in service markets and outlying areas that may have that type of business that then allows us to have a great local business there as well. So, again, it is a strategically important part of the business, but nonetheless one that I think you'll continue to hear us talk about as one that we will be disciplined in terms of how we approach.
Joel Grade: Yes. Here is how I would answer that. I mean, there is a little bit of both in terms of the market. I think, again, just one thing I would really emphasize here. There is no panic button being pushed for us in terms of the market itself. There is a bit of softness. We have had a few increased bankruptcies.  And again, I would say, it is really both across the national and the local. I would say, the bigger impact though at this point certainly remains just continued challenges around the stabilization and implementation of some of the work that we did that really centralized credit activity in an area that used to be a very decentralized activity across our businesses. And so, that is accelerated a bit over the last couple of quarters. We are certainly doing a lot of work to continue to stabilize that and certainly anticipate that happening. So, again, I would say, it is a little more self induced. But again, there is, I would say, a little softness certainly though not ready to push the panic button on the marketplace.
Joel Grade: Well, I would say, it is probably a little bit of both in the sense that obviously feedback from customers in terms of how we have serviced them over many years is that, hey, I would rather have a single point of contact. Instead of calling 50 people, I would rather call one. I would rather have a team that knows my business well that can relate to me, again, both from a care perspective, from a credit perspective, et cetera, et cetera. So I would say, it is in response to customer feedback and how we can do a better job servicing. But again, in that sense then, I would call it proactive in the way that is something that we believe that was an important investment, one that we again found both the right what we believe structure, partner and technology support in order to do that. It is still new. We are still again moving into that, and it will continue to improve and evolve, but the team has done a great job of rolling that out. And so, again, I would call it proactive, but in response certainly to listen to our customers and feedback that we received from them over a number of years of doing business with us.
Joel Grade: Sure. So, I think, a couple of areas that I would say thinking about how that business is integrating. It was two businesses that were acquired even prior to our acquisition of brakes. They were similar-sized businesses that we have then ultimately chosen to bring together. And I would say, the two bigger challenges really are, what we call, a single delivery, meaning instead of customers getting delivered by both businesses are being delivered by one, and the technology to support that. And so, I think, in both cases, there has been challenges in making that happen. On a positive note, doing some of that type of integration in France is often complex due to some of the labor and work councils and all that. And I think actually we have got through that part of it very well. But nonetheless, those challenges remain. And then, some of the impact you have seen have been service levels that have been less than we would like them to be, which then has translated into gross profit dollar impact there. And then, what I will call dual running costs, meaning we have had to have some of those things where both businesses running longer than we would have liked them to have done. So, I think, again, we are certainly - we have got a strong leadership team there. We have got lots of resources that we have dedicated both there and from here in order to enhance that. Some of the investments that we are talking about here as well fall into the category of how we accelerate the stabilization of that. But as you said, again, we certainly are confident that we will get there. And certainly, as you pointed out believe that, again, this is a good long-term investment for us and, again, in a market that we certainly think will be one of the strongest ones that we have in the future.
Joel Grade: Sure. Let me start with the first. And what I would say is a couple of things. So, the timing of the announcement that was made on January 13th was obviously fairly early in both the processes of closing as well as the - how we got into the third quarter. So I think one of the things that I would say, as we have evolved and certainly finished the closing process of this quarter as well as saw some of the results that we talked about as we moved into the third quarter, part of that was some of the reasons that you probably heard a little bit different tone from both of those things. And so, I think, as we looked at some of the challenges that we talked about from a margin perspective that we continue to see fall into the third quarter. We took a look at some of the work that, again, was happening in this business in France as we talked about. And I'm certainly looking forward to see some continued challenges there. And in addition to that, again, it was just some of the work that we talked about with some of the investments again, these aren't brand-new investments. They aren't things that we have never talked about doing. But certainly the opportunity to accelerate that growth - to accelerate as we build some momentum at the end of this year and head into the next year, we thought were very important in terms of how we did that. And so, I would just say the combination, Kelly, of some of the kind of wrapping up of the quarter, seeing some of the way the third quarter was starting to play out in a number of different areas of the business, obviously some transition costs as well of the leadership change, and then thinking about how we actually spend that investment dollars moving forward. The question is how much are continue to need to invest in this business. Look, I think, this has been, as I know you know, a multi-year journey of transformation because the reality of it is, is that this company, again even 10 years ago was a business that it was significantly decentralized in a way that we approach the marketplace. If you think about the things that used to happen at a local operating level, where for the most part, I always joke about this a little bit, but pretty much only things they couldn't do or they couldn't give themselves a pay raise and then to report according to U.S. GAAP. Other than that, it was for the most part their business to run. And so, when you think about the things that we have done in terms of how we standardize, how we leverage scale, the category management processes and the way that we go to market and set an assortment in a different way that is not just decided by every individual operating company, those type of transformations. Again the latest one again we have talked about on this call things like finance technology roadmap, things like the centralized customer care, all those things are one step along the way to continue to drive a more leveraged efficient nimble organization that can go to market in a different way. And so, again, there is not necessarily sort of a beginning and an end point to that. I do believe this business will continue to invest in itself. As we have talked about our top capital allocation priority is and has been, the ability to take the cash we generate and reinvest it in this business to continue to get better. And as Kevin said, as you have heard Ed talk about, our ability as the market leader to continue to leverage scale to drive the things that we can do and again go to market in a different way I think are important. And so, you should expect us to continue to invest in our business that way.
Joel Grade: Yes, it is a little bit of both. I mean, on the chain side again, it is actually a fairly mechanical process in the sense that as we have talked about before, there is - depending on the category, there is about a seven to 30-degree - 30-day lag in terms of when prices recalculate. So that one is a little more, I would call, mathematical and environment-driven. Obviously there is some market-driven and there is some execution as well on the local side. Although as we have talked about, historically one of the areas that is actually really allowed us to do a better job of that certainly over the last few years is our revenue management function. That is been an area that we have leveraged well both in deflationary times and inflationary times. And I certainly anticipate work that we have done and will continue to do in the rev man area will help us work through that. But we have also talked about the fact that in certain cases where inflation - and in certain categories, when inflation hits higher levels and escalates in a more rapid way that we still have some challenge in passing some of that along. So, I think that is how I would frame it up. It is probably a little bit of all of that, but certainly something that I believe moving forward we will get a handle on. Again, our rev man function has certainly done a good job of helping us work through that over the number of years, and I anticipate that continuing to move forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. So let me take that one first and then I will go back to your other one. I think the answer on that is that certainly stabilization is the highest priority right now in terms of that. And then, again, maybe just to reiterate one thing, and then we talk about Europe is just one entity. Within that, again, three out of the four main countries we are in Europe are actually performing, what I would call, acceptably well. And obviously the biggest challenge is in France. But from a priority standpoint there, definitely stabilization is our focus at this point in time. Certainly over the long-term, we will continue to look for opportunities to grow in that part of the world. The CapEx piece, so look a couple of things I would say on that. As we have talked about actually over the last couple of years, we actually have accelerated, even heading into this year our CapEx level a bit. In other words, we have been running in that 1.1%-ish range, somewhere in the 1.1%, 1.2%. As we talked about this year, we actually bumped that up a bit to 1.3% of sales for some of the investments we plan to make. And as we talked about a little bit earlier in the prepared remarks, we are actually running at that rate. And so, I would say, on one hand, there is a bit of acceleration from the perspective of that, but that was talked about and it is where we are going. And so, I think Kevin's point was, we are not certainly saying what we are doing now at this moment in time. There are going to be, I think, some increased potential investments. But as we also look at how we rationalize those things at the moment as a percentage of sales, I think you can think about fairly consistently how we have talked about as we are headed into this year we have talked about a bit of acceleration.
Joel Grade: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, I would, first of all, decouple a couple of these things a bit. The impact that we have seen from the African swine flu has actually been very minimal, I would say. And this is something we have taken questions on for some time. And again, that is not something I would say has been a sizable or even, again, just barely above minimal impact in terms of us. I think the markets for Center of the Plate and beef do move around some. And I would say, again, we experienced a little bit more of acute inflation here in that category. I don't know that I would look right now though out a longer term and say, yes, there is some fundamental reason that there is going to be a highly inflationary Center of the Plate markets for any time to come of any real significance. Here is what I would say though, just as a reminder, in terms of how we deal with some of those things and why - back to maybe your customer point, why this has been something actually we have historically been a strong partner for our customers. And obviously we have scale benefits that have allowed us to in any of these types of moments have access to products, have a traceability that obviously is deep and well appreciated by our customers, the availability of substitutes. And so I think, the alternative products - and so, I think, if you think back a few years ago even when we had the issues with avian flu, one of the things that we were able to bring to our customers is simply the availability of product. And again, a traceability program that actually ensure that those are safe and in a way that they would expect. So I guess, what I would say to summarize that all, again, decouple a little bit the African swine flu elements that has not been something that we have had a significant issue with. Some Center of the Plate challenges right now although again not necessarily looking at what I would call acute inflation in that area over the longer-term. But in the event of any of those things, I think the company is well positioned to manage through that stuff in a better way.
Joel Grade: Yes. Sure. So a couple of things. So think about the finance technology road map in our history, we would have had all of the finance-related functions, things like credit, things like cash app, accounts payable, general ledger, each of those types of areas that would actually have been in each individual operating units that over the last couple of years enabled by technology, we have moved many of those functions into a centralized place and, in some cases with an offshore partner as well. And I think, what you are hearing us talk about here are challenges related specifically to local credit, where in the past each one of our operating units would have had a credit department responsible for credit and collections in each of their local markets. And in today's world, it is certainly again through the uses of technology and a bit of different structure. We are just working through some of the bumps in terms of managing how to do that in a way that is more somewhat market, but also is much more centralized. And so, again, an interesting example on working capital of a process. Accounts payable had some bumps along the way as well, and we had a little bit of a positive benefit, if you will, on working capital on that in our previous year. That process has actually stabilized and again in a strange way had a little bit of a negative impact on working capital in a sense that we paid our suppliers in a more efficient manner. So, I would say that, in general, we certainly feel confident about our ability to stabilize that. We are certainly making the appropriate investments and leveraging the technology in order to do so, but there are some short-term bumps that we are having along the way. I actually certainly in some of my prepared comments talked about the fact that we anticipate some of this continuing to improve over the course of the year. And I certainly expect that to be the case. The other point I would make, and just as a reminder, as part of the free cash flow is related to CapEx on a year-to-date basis. If you remember, at the end of our fiscal 2018 based on some opportunities presented by U.S. Tax Reform, we actually accelerated the process of investing in some fleets. That actually then allowed us to invest at a lesser rate at the beginning of our fiscal 2019. So, where we have gotten back to, what I will call, a more normalized capital spend as it relates to fleet, the year-over-year comparison certainly for the first half of the year and again this will level out a little bit as the year goes by, looks worse, particularly due to that factor. So, again, all that to say, I do think we will see some improvement in this area in the second half and certainly over the long-term, I feel good about where we are at.
Joel Grade: Yes. I think, look, a couple of things. I mean, I think the team did a great job, we talked about actually a favorable exit rate from the first quarter. That continued to accelerate over the course of this quarter, particularly in our local business, and I would say particularly in the area of account penetration. So, what this was not was just kind of going out and just - people often ask where did the growth come from? And it wasn't so much in the area of new customers, but is an area that actually as we have talked about is best for us in that further account penetration. The market itself, I would say, is kind of where it has been. I think it is in a decent place. There is sort of lots of reports that move around from time to time. And the check size has generally seemed to be continuing to elevate. Traffic seems to be flattish. You say it is up a little, you say it is down a little. But I would generally say the market is in an OK place, probably similar to what it has been. But I think, again, certainly a lot of good work by our teams in the U.S. to drive a strong level of growth, again certainly in the independent space, and we anticipate some of those trends continuing as well.
Marisa Sullivan: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to circle back, Joel. I think you have referenced some challenges with the implementation of your finance transformation road map.
Marisa Sullivan: Just wondering, if you can give a little bit more color on that? And then, in the timeframe for working through those, and then as it relates to working capital and free cash flow, can you just comment on when or how quickly you might start to see improvements there? Thank you.
Marisa Sullivan: And then, just very quickly, I'm wondering if you can give any comments about the current trends you are seeing with independent restaurants. You saw a nice acceleration in your local case growth this quarter, and I'm just wondering if you expect this to continue in the third quarter or if you can comment on quarter-to-date trends. Thanks.
