Bill DeLaney III: Yes. John, good morning. Well, as I said we're doing several things. I think what I said was we got a lot going on both on the cost side as you point out as well as addressing what our biggest challenge is right now driving sales on the locally managed business as well as addressing margin and those two as you well know are very unrelated. In the short-term, we've revised our comp plan for MAs about a year ago and that's pretty well fully implemented now in the States and in process in Canada. There is an element of that today that we didn't have before it's not overly significant but it's meaningful which is predicated upon growing cases we just finished up another new account promotion. So we see opportunities to kind of get back in a more regular coordination of business -- new business promotions penetration promotions both with our local marketing people as well as from a national perspective. We got as you can appreciate a lot of pretty comprehensive margin management training going on in the company at various level both locally as well as coming out of our corporate offices in terms of how do we optimize this whole challenge of quality growth with managing margin. Those are initiatives that kicked off in a bigger way here in the fall. So those will be three that I mentioned the short-term that we think we'll pay dividends for us here to some extent, they're already helping, but I think we'll pay bigger dividends for the second half of the fiscal year. Beyond that John I think the others are more along these lines of the strategic initiatives we have been talking to you about which is we're doing a lot more work in marketing in terms of gaining objective custom insights, our CRM tools is further along in terms of implementation. We really do believe CatMan is going to help us a lot once that matures both on the sales side as well as on the margin side, it should be win-win for us and our suppliers and our customers. And we got some other things going that are more pilot stages with revenue management inside sales platform that type of thing and beyond that Sysco ventures are still something out there we continue to grow and we believe long-term will give us opportunity to create traction with our customers. So many of these are more medium term, but as I said, we have heightened up the intensity on some of those short-term initiatives.
Bill DeLaney III: Yes. Let me take a shot and if I'm not giving to John, just clear about your question a little bit more so. Look so I'd say over the last year, year and a half we've attributed a third to a quarter of the margin erosion to mix because of the larger customers are growing faster. The rest of it, it is difficult to quantify. Obviously, the way our business model works we can't just look at gross margin we have to look at our expenses as well. So we are definitely going to fight very hard for the cases we have today as well as continue to find ways to grow with our existing customers in our new prospects as well. So I think where we're at right now in this process is I look at even early numbers this quarter is we're beginning to get smarter I think and a little bit more cohesive at the local level and making the right trade offs between volume and margin management. But the reality in this business for us is we need to grow the local business we need to grow the street business and that will contribute significantly to our gross profit dollar growth. We just got to be smart and balanced in how we do it. And so I think we're making strides there, you didn't really see here in the second quarter I think you will see some improvement here in the second half of the year as far as the margin management goes.
Bill DeLaney III: That's one of those great questions I don't know if I can answer as well as anyone of us would like. I think as I said the competitive environment is very acute as we've talked about a lot in the past in presentations and calls like this. There is some growth we believe -- we believe the market grew somewhat in 2013 we'll fine tune those numbers and hopefully talk more about it. At CAGNY, we don't think there was a lot of growth and we were able to take some share but we invested in that to some extent. I think that's rational from our perspective because in the end I think for our medium and long-term success it's important to continue to grow. There certainly are pockets of activity out there where there is some behavior that probably isn't the smartest as it could be. But overall, given the environment I think it's reasonably rational right now. It's just very competitive.
Bill DeLaney III: I think Karen, let me just add. When we talk about cost per case, we're talking about operating cost. So we definitely are seeing reduction in cost per case for the CatMan work and we expect that to continue.
Bill DeLaney III: I think it's still reasonably early in the wave 1 cycle, but I would tell you I think our execution, I think, we alluded to this in our comments. I think we are improving our execution there in terms of how we do the conversions, the cadence of the conversions and addressing these opportunities in the most productive way possible with our customers. So I think we've had some challenges with the pilot categories on volume at times. We're starting to see some improvement on wave 1. We continue to see, like I said, significant improvement on our cost of goods which was driving most of the economics on this initiative.
Bill DeLaney III: Yes, I was actually a little surprised with how much it came down. And we hit about one point of inflation which was kind of low. So I'd say sitting here today depending I'm not going to project impact of weather and that kind of thing that's difficult to do. But I would expect it to remain pretty modest somewhere in that 1% to 2% range but we'll have to see.
Bill DeLaney III: I think the calendar was certainly part of it Mark, and we did have some weather, it was last couple of weeks in December. I think that impacted us in certain parts of the country. So I would say it's hard to put a number to it but I would say part of the slowdown was that – we had pretty good growth in the second quarter last year. So when you look at comps – and we are talking about deltas of 2% or 3% case growth here. So if it goes off a point that's 50% of the delta. So I'd say it's a little bit of – comps are little more soft but we definitely saw a fall-off in December and certainly from what we see and what we read. I think you'd have to attribute a fair amount of that to the weather. We knew the calendar but we still saw a little more than what we expected to see. I hate talking about weather especially in winter. We just had our market presence in here couple of weeks ago and really didn't want to hear a lot about weather. But I will tell you weather has been pretty brutal here first four, five weeks that we've had. Four of the five weeks I think have been very difficult last week in particular. You see the weather reports, we had issues throughout the southeast. We didn't ship in New Orleans. You saw the reports in Atlanta. The good news is its January and early February so March is a key part of this quarter and we still have an opportunity to make some of that back. But I'd say weather has impacted us quite a bit so far in January, early February.
Bill DeLaney III: I can't tell you as any more pronounced in that areas and any place because obviously those are high dollar boxes so you kind of get somewhat competitive depending on the size of the customer. But I wouldn't attribute any particular piece of it to meat category.
Bill DeLaney III: I don't have a great sense of that. We will obviously have our sales data where we can look at that at various levels of details in terms of what we call penetration that doesn't tell you what the accounts same-store sales are right? I would tell you it varies. So whether you're talking big change, or whether you're talking about more street oriented type of operators, the stronger operators I think are holding up reasonably well in this kind of market and the people that are more on the margin are struggling more. So we see a fair amount of variability across customers as it relates to penetration. My best judgment and I don't have any data on this Andy is that it's reasonably flat right out in terms of restaurant sales overall, same-store sales. I think if you – some change, we're doing better than others obviously.
Bill DeLaney III: Yes. Good morning, Ajay. I would – I think I'm on at that thing, well, I tried to get across to my comments. I'm pretty cautious on this quarter right now on the top line just given what we have been dealing with the first four or five weeks. As I said, the March drives this particular quarter. So if we catch up a break with the weather and maybe we've seen the worst of it. In terms of parts of the country where you don't expect to see this kind of weather that's really the issue. So when weather affects us is when you have these freezers and snowstorms in the Southeast and the Southwest that's a problem, okay. When they carry into April that's a problem, when they started early November that's a problem. Winters going to be winter in the Northeast and the Mid-West and we understand that. So I'm somewhat cautious because of the weather and how we started out this quarter. But, there is still a lot of good weeks ahead of us in terms of volume as we get toward later part of February and March. I'm more optimistic on the year just for reasons I discussed earlier there I think the consumer is in a better place and I think with the break here and there that's going to be good for our customers and we are very well-positioned to leverage that terms of our business. Deflation, we're not always seeing deflation. We are seeing categories that are maybe down a little bit, up a little bit. We have got some inflation in meat and seafood I think going right now. So deflation would not be good for us. Again, what we – was more ideal for us would be to have that inflation number get back around 2 maybe even a little bit higher that gives us a little more room to maneuver in terms of our expense management and at the same time work with our customers and the way that they can handle the cost increases. So deflation would not be good but I don't necessarily think we are looking at deflation. I think we are looking at as we said earlier moderate inflation continuing.
Bill DeLaney III: Good morning, John. Look, I would say this, from the day one of the announcements through today and going forward to close and then beyond close, certainly one of our big goals here is to have a very active, effective communication program with all of our stakeholders. So it's our customers, our suppliers, our associates, shareholders, government media all that type of things. So we are early days of dealing with that. We are in constant contact with our customers. We have equipped our OPCO presidents and there sales leadership with pieces to communicate with the local chefs associations, restaurant associations. So I would characterize that early days as we got good ongoing discussions with our customers, certainly there is some that have some concerns we work through those. I would say many are excited to understand what the benefits are. And how long it will take to close and when will all that happen. And I would say largely customers are pretty open minded and they are looking for those benefits. So whether it's going to enhance their business from – how they might order product with us or wider assortment of innovative products. The fact that we will take cost out of the system over time how that translates to their opportunity to work with Sysco. Those are all things that we are taking with our customers about. We clearly see this as a very good thing for our customers, frankly I see this as a very good thing for the industry over time and certainly we will see as a good thing for Sysco. So I think generally it's very open-minded and constructive. Obviously, there are some people out there that don't like this, they tend to be more on the competitive side of the ball and they are having those types of conversations and we are addressing that as appropriate.
Bill DeLaney III: Yes. I will take a shot at that Meredith. So essentially the whole idea of category management is to optimize the assortment of pricing theory in an effort to help our customers optimize and enhance the products that are available to them as well. Along the lines, we certainly see opportunities here to enhance our relationships with our suppliers and prove product development innovation and reduce our SKUs where that make sense. And to take cost out of the system as relates to our cost of good. The challenge as you would expect as you go into something like this is the conversion process. So I would say to you in the pilot wave or pilot categories there was four of them. We did a very good job working with our suppliers; we did a very good job identifying opportunities for cost savings and we are realizing those. What we are learning as we go is to strike the right balance in terms of the cadence and the conversions with our customers and to make sure we are equipping all operating companies' sales management and the MAs with the tools that they need to have the conversations about conversions with the customers in the right place. So where we are making process at this point I think it's on the conversion and we expect to continue make process as we get deeper in wave 1 and wave 2.
Bill DeLaney III: Meredith, anytime you sit down with a human being and tell them they are – and you got an idea and you are going to ask them to change what they are doing, there is some challenges to that. So I would say yes, as we got into it, even though we have done I think a tremendous job in terms of developing the communication pieces training our people there is always the dynamic that you deal with across the table from a customer. So we ran into some challenges there. We still have them. But, I would say this in a more straightforward way as I can. It's really more about just making sure, since the conversion is relevant to that customer many of them are. We are not converting every item for every customer. But to make sure that we are having good constructive dialog in terms of why it's different for the consumer. And as you play that out over 7,000 territories with 10s of 1000s of customers and something you have done for the first time certainly there are challenges. But, I would tell you again, I'm seeing improvement on that and performance there as we get into wave 1 and expected to continue to improve.
Bill DeLaney III: I'm going to start and then let Chris do that. I can't speak to the modeling part of that. I would say it's not accelerating. What I would say is, as we said in our prepared comments, we are still seeing good growth with a larger customers regional and national customers. We are just not seeing enough growth here on the local side. But I wouldn't say that it accelerated at all.
Bill DeLaney III: I would say the bigger issue on this quarter rather than some of the sluggishness in December that we have already talked about. If you compare the first quarter to the second quarter your inflation number went from 2 to 1. And that's probably the bigger –
Bill DeLaney III: As I said, we came up with somewhat short of our internal goals here for the quarter and that was on the gross profit dollar line. But, I would the spread was about the same as it was in the first half. We had a top line miss and we will continue to have gross profit pressure and margin pressure on all categories to customers actually so I – what I'm looking at the spread is about the same as in the first quarter.
Bill DeLaney III: We just as I mentioned we just did Phoenix and Vegas last weekend. Actually so we were work week two there now add so we are early days but we are feeling good about that. I think I also mentioned if things stay on course both with the next round of enhancements as well as what we see in these last three companies, we expect to do a couple of more in latter part of this fiscal year, they would both be very large companies.
Chris Kreidler: Hi, Karen. I think we will continue to see improvements in cost per case in the back half. What we're really commenting to is the fact that we're going to be lapping some significant work that was begun last year. So the quarter-over-quarter performance is not going to feel as good as the first half year of the year. We do think we'll be down at least a nickel, I think I admitted this time it will probably exceed a nickel a case as we look at the full year and we're just not necessarily giving a higher exact number to that right now.
Chris Kreidler: Most of the external stuff that we read Karen is probably the same as you read expected to kind of go back to a more normal range whether its bills one to two or I guess what the others say out there two to three but we would expect it to be a little higher than where it is today. It's a hard thing to predict as last year or may be 18 months ago remember we had a drought everybody was expecting food cost inflation to go through the roof again and we never saw that materialize.
Chris Kreidler: No. I wish I knew myself our strategy as I talked a little bit about it to hedge interest rates, but I mean this environment we've chosen to basically hedge about half, which means if they continue to languish or indeed decline, we won't give away all the benefit, if they go up, we're partially hedged. So that's kind of where we're hanging out right now. We'll continue to evaluate the markets as well as the yield curve going forward and look for an opportune time to lock in and obviously we've got to get much further along in the deal process and the regulatory approval process as well, but right now, I can't give you much more guidance.
Chris Kreidler: Yes. We had that conversation before. I understand that how folks come up with what I get, they call real growth and that's just not a number that we would ever – put much credence in, which is why we start giving you actual case volumes. So that number is going to move around for a variety of different reasons. And we frankly just don't track it.
Chris Kreidler: Inflation and actually your ForEx was a little higher as well. When you put both of those in there and your sales number is not a significantly off of where we were.
Chris Kreidler: Obviously, you got to do your own modeling. Our plan certainly don't call for or allow for a 0.7% gross margin growth number. We are clearly higher than that. We clearly have higher expectations for that. And Bill explained that's where we got a tremendous amount of focus and we talked about it for a number of quarters here. So that's not in our short or long-term projections.
Chris Kreidler: It will. We kind of expressed what we think the full year benefit will be. We -- just the carry over deals themselves would boost us by at least 1% in terms of sales and then new transactions every year are targeted at least 1% say you get about half point impact for the year. So add those up and generally our expectation is about 0.5. So we still have a significant pipeline of transactions. We got this major one that we have to work our way through of course. And so U.S. acquisitions may slow a bit but we still have focus in Canada and focus in other geographies.
Chris Kreidler: It will certainly be closer to the time of the transaction whether we take advantage of market conditions and confidence levels prior to that. It will depend upon a number of factors and terms of when we'll actually pull the trigger to do some of this refinancing.
Chris Kreidler: Obviously, our goal was not to be -- to come to market a whole bunch of different times. It will -- it tends to cause a little inefficiency in terms of pricing as well as disruption. At the same time, we've got something that comes due and we see an opportunity to refinance a chunk of it, both our side as well as pre-refinancing the U.S. Foods merger consideration we may look for an opportunity to do that.
