Kevin Hourican: Morning, Mark, it's Kevin. I'll start with answering your question. This macro just where things are from. A staffing health perspective. They said in the prepared remarks; We've made a lot of progress in the quarter. We are definitely leading the industry from a health of staffing perspective and health of a supply chain, which is what's enabling us to win market share, and what I would say is that the situation steadily improved through the quarter. August, I would submit was probably our toughest spot of the calendar year from a staffing perspective as our volume was really recovering and our staffing needs were most significant. In September, 23 states opened up the government supplemental benefits were retired and we did see an increase in applicant flow. We actually weren't anticipating that because our base pay wages are well above the $15 per hour break even component.  Our selectors get paid in the mid-20s, our drivers get paid in the mid-30s. We weren't expecting improvement tied to that, but we did experience an improvement in September tied to the retiring of those benefits. Most notably or even more importantly, we've gotten a lot better at recruiting, hiring, and training of our staff. We're really pleased with the efforts to digitize our marketing efforts tied to our open jobs. We've streamlined the hiring process, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we conducted our first ever nationwide at every single states in the country hiring event and netted over a 1000 people joining our team in just 1 week alone, which will see a big progress for us. We're doing really well from a recruitment perspective. To answer your question specifically, as I said on my remarks, we have not had to resort to quote-unquote, meaningful base pay change.  The vast majority of the expenses that we are putting forth are what we call transitory or two-way doors; you can go through, you can turn around, you can come back. So what does that mean? Hiring bonuses, retention bonuses, referral bonuses, advertising. We are spending money on places like Facebook to advertise the awareness in creation of visibility to these jobs. Aaron called out those expenditures will continue into Q2 and then we will have the opportunity to begin to taper some of those investments because they are transitory. We've had selected locations, a very small number of them that we did a wage review and needed to make some adjustments, but that was not meaningful or material for Sysco. Aaron wants to add something. [Indiscernible]
Kevin Hourican: Mark, thanks for the follow-up. So we use external reporting and internal reporting through net promoter score to gauge our full rate and how it's trending. Ours has been improving over the last quarter, our merchant team has been working extremely hard for items that have what we call long-term out situations to find alternatives, find new suppliers, find alternative products that we can submit and suggest to our customers, provide those customers with suggestions on how to get those items cut into their menus, etc. Our team has worked harder than ever before on ensuring we can improve our rates. The answer to your question is yes, our performance is stronger than the industry, and yes, that gap widened in the quarter. We believe it's one of the components of our market share capture, but it's not the only reason. It's three reasons which are throughput capacity is higher because of the staffing health. Yes our fill rate is stronger. The third though, is our sales teams are just doing an extraordinarily good job of being out in the market, acquiring new customers and winning more share of wallet with existing customers.
Kevin Hourican: Our local business is performing really well, Alex. we're pleased with the progress that we're making. We continue to win new customers at the local level, partnering and supporting our existing local customers with menu expansion in the like. If it's a percent of total that you're referencing, We've had a lot of success winning net new business at the national level within the education sector and within the healthcare sector, and perhaps the percent of total component that you are seeing is actually fueled not because of deceleration in our local business. We accelerated our performance at the local level. It's the national sales and steamy business. We've just done extraordinarily well with winning new business and to be crystal clear, this isn't the guns or butter choice. One success at the national level does not hinder our ability over the long term to win at the local level. We're going to win at both national and local level, and again, our staffing, health and supply chain strength is what's enabling us to be able to do that.
Kevin Hourican: Alex, thanks for the question. I'll start with the headline, which is as you saw on our chart, October was continuation of acceleration of our total performance. So each month of our Q1 accelerated in October continued that strength and that's despite the presence of the Delta variant during the quarter. So we're really pleased to be top-line, strong, compelling, continued growth fueled by a recovering market, but even more fueled by our market share capture. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're growing at more than 1.2 times the market, which is the highest rate of growth at Sysco in more than 5 years. The sectors that are still constrained versus '19, that's the language that I would use. Travel and hospitality for sure, food service management international, as I called out on my prepared remarks, and there's some softness in healthcare vis-a-vis long-term care tied to COVID, which is new starts or new bed patients, as they call them, are constrained.  We're not concerned about health care for the long term. With the aging of America they call this over tsunami, we actually view healthcare as a growth opportunity for our Company for the longer term. We see the opposite of what you just said, Alex. We see our customers contacting us in the traveling industry, in business, in travel, and hospitality, excuse me, in business and industry sectors, gearing up for what they believe to be a January step-up in volume, and mostly that's driven by corporations that have been mostly working from home beginning the process of bringing their employees back to work in January. We do very well on that space partnering with food service management companies, and we're working right now to preposition inventory to be prepared from a staffing perspective. As far as rolling over tough comp compares for holiday season that that's not something we're concerned about. Aaron wants to say something. Aaron over to you.
Kevin Hourican: Morning, Ed. Thank you for the questions. Kevin. I'll start with fill rates. My language that are used in prepared remarks is we're performing better than the industry average, and that is the most accurate descriptor of our performance. We are below our historical fill rate standards. We set a very high bar for ourselves on ship on time and ship in full, and we are below our historical standards. The why is our inbound fill rate from our suppliers to us is well below our historical standards. Our output to our customers is actually significantly higher than the inbound fill rate to Sysco, and the how and why behind that, is the work we do to find substitutes to bridge customers to alternative products, and that's what's creating the relative strength of Sysco versus others, is the good work our merchant teams are doing to find product substitutions. I think your question is more like, is there even more sales to be had for fill rates improve? I would say, yes. How long it will take for fill rate to improve is subject for debate.  So what we're doing, because we want to take ownership of what we can directly control is to be even better at managing fill rate. So we're improving our website to provide dynamic visibility to out-of-stocks and provide suggestions at point-of-sale to the customer on things that can be bought alternatively, and our sales teams and merchandising teams, when we find ourselves as I mentioned earlier, in a situation of long-term outs are being very proactive, providing quick selling bulletins to our sales teams, digital marketing pushes to our customers, including emails on suggesting to them alternatives in the likes. It's a core strength of our Company. I meaningfully desire for the inbound fill rate to Sysco to improve are working very closely with our suppliers on that, and we think it will improve, but not quickly.  It's going to be a sequential steady slow improvement in fill rate into our fiscal 2023. As it relates to volume in the second part of your question, what I would say is we expect that the end of our fiscal Q3 to be back to 2019 from a volume perspective and we have the segments that will be at that level in Q2 of this fiscal year. Within our existing fiscal year, we will be back to 2019 volume levels. I'm not going to break it down by sector, it's not something I'm prepared to do this morning. But go ahead, please back to you.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, John. This is Kevin. The predominant reason for the market share capture is net new customers serve at Sysco both at the national and local level. So we're winning more new business than at any other point in time in Company history. The why breaks down to 2 pretty fundamentally basic things. First is the compensation model that we changed as you know, June of last year. We're now compensating our associates to be more prospecting versus cultivating, and that is paying dividends. So they drive the behaviors that we expect and we're seeing significant benefit in dividend from rewarding those associates for the good work they're doing in winning new business. The second reason is the supply chain health. We have customers almost on a daily basis, large and small coming to us, and asking for Sysco to take on their business. I won't name the State but we had a very large education customer come to us this week actually and say, we're not getting the support we need and can Sysco take on our business and we're finalizing the details of the contract which is why I'm not going to quote the where, but we expect that business to come on board by January 1.  So that is a signal of our strength, the confidence that large and small customers have in our ability to ship on time in full, at rates greater than the market. Jon, specifically what competitors segment that's coming from, I think it's all the above. But stronger players with broader access to inventory, clearly performing well. Back to prove that point, we have more inventory on-hand at this moment in time than we did pre-COVID. So are there select product shortages? Yes. But we've been able to invest in inventory. We have more inventory on hand than pre-COVID and our staffing levels are where we need them to be but every time we bring on more people our demand increases and then we have to go hire even more people, which is proving that there's continued runway, this was Aaron's point a moment ago, on our ability to grow our topline. As we continue to make progress on our staffing in through put capacity. John, back to you for any follow-up.
Kevin Hourican: John, what we've articulated is we're really bullish on our EBIT margin expanding, that we will move that needle. I do not believe that that growth will come primarily from product margin expansion. It's going to come from continued disciplined expense optimization by taking structural cost out and investing in capabilities that drive the top line. So while the EBIT margin grows, as, A, the top line will be accelerating, B, we'll be taking structural cost out of the business, and those two levers in combination is what expands the EBIT margin. But sales growth and cost reductions; not for margin rate growth.  Aaron, I'll toss to you for any additional comments. I would just add in supporting Kevin's point that I am also excited by elements of our merchandising in our supply chain transformation, that over time, as we work through this very inflationary period, should provide us with opportunities, and particular, I'm excited with work that is underway in connection with Sysco's private label, brands and other elements that will be supportive of our overall financial profile. To answer your question, while the short-term certainly were challenged or it's lower than we would have hoped from a gross margin perspective because of the impact inflation over the longer-term, the '24, 'the 25 [Indiscernible]
Kevin Hourican: Nicole, it's a great question and you're right that my recent narrative of our pricing software has been about managing inflation. It's just because of the unprecedented environment that we're currently in, double-digit inflation is unique, and what the tools helping us in the current period is being very strategic and thoughtful about how to pass through that inflation in a responsible way, and being confident that when we make those decisions that they're executed well. We used to do that work manually through a large sales force, we can now do that through a strategic pricing office and when we make the decision it's executed immediately. Then we can monitor the impact of those decisions and update it on a daily basis if need be. So the reason for my narrative on inflation is just because of the environment we're in.  For the longer term, the goal of the pricing project is to be a pricing system, excuse me, is to move to a strategic price optimization. I'm not going to name the category because I don't want to telegraph it, but we've got select categories where we are above-market from a pricing perspective, we make decent, very high-quality margins and we're going to run price optimization tests. If we lower slightly our prices in that category. Does the sales growth more than offset the margin dilution? With a pricing software, you can do test versus control geography-based tests to optimize for the right price and how I've described that work is the following.  We will make investments in certain items that are key value items, KVIs, and we will raise prices nominally in the tail of the inventory SKU, which is less visible to the customers, which therefore results in flattish margin rates by growing top line as my term is, right unpriced at the item customer level, which allows us to win more market shares. That's the longer-term goal of the projects. However, this system has been extremely useful during this early part of our fiscal 2022 and how we manage inflation.
Kevin Hourican: We've proven that a mom-and-pop independent restaurant operate similar to a consumer and retail, they decide based on value, they decide based on price, they decide based on services that you mentioned a moment ago. The value in the unlock of the loyalty program that we're building is making that customer specific what the offers are to them and making it indelibly clear to them the value that's being brought to them by Sysco. We're going to talk about more in the future because it's in pilot, as we speak, and we'd like to have actual factual results before we talk about things publicly. We're very pleased with the initial progress steps forward in our loyalty program.  We are building the data and the plumbing from an IT perspective to execute against that effort nationwide and we are piloting it currently in select geographies and we will refine it, optimize it, iterated, but it will be similar to the types of loyalty programs that you're familiar with as a customer. The data is in the cloud, we're able to use machine learning to optimize against the data, and yes, there are value-added services that we will provide for those customers that are part of the program, that they will be able to take advantage of to improve their business results and outcome. So we're excited about it, we're bullish on it, and we'll talk more about it in future quarters.
Kevin Hourican: I think Aaron described it very well. I think the punch line is we're ahead of schedule on that activity, which is why Aaron updated our guidance on when we would begin to stock buyback to this quarter.
Kevin Hourican: Happy to. Let me give you some visibility to what's in our bucket of step back, and it is things like retention programs, hiring bonuses, sign-on bonuses, the incremental recruiting support for the massive hiring we're doing right now. The incremental marketing third party contractors we're bringing into help on a temporary basis relative to staffing. Those things are transitory onetime while Q1, Q2, but are not permanent cost structures. What's not in there for instance, is increased overtime costs. That's not one time, but we also have the opportunity to bring it down over time and are actively working that. So now you have a sense of what's in the bucket. Why do I have confidence that we can address it over time.  It's two-fold, first is we got started early relative to cost-down efforts, and so to a degree we put some money in the bank, in advance of need, and that effort will continue as we carry forward. Second element, as you heard Kevin and I alluded to this earlier, the benefit of all the investment we're doing against our supply chain transformation is incremental productivity which helps us to manage the overall cost structure as we carry forward, and finally, if I can add one, which is just the nature of the categories I called out, they are by definition onetime or transitory.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah, Jeff. The 1.2 statement is specifically tied to Technomic's data. We get that data from them once per quarter and that is a data point that I can only report upon once per quarter as a result of that. We can see on a weekly, monthly-basis our relative growth. We can generally see the markets relative growth through other sources of data, but once per quarter we get the legitimate data feed from Technomic and that is where that data comes from.
Kevin Hourican: Jeffrey, the punch line is we are confident that we can pass on the inflation. However, an editorial comment and then I'm going to provide some color comments. We don't think that double-digit inflation in perpetuity is good for the industry. It's not something we desire, it's not something we accept, and we're working very aggressively to push back on cost increases, find alternative suppliers, find alternative items that can lower the net landing cost for our customers, and we do believe that inflation will begin tapering. It's just going to take longer to begin tapering than what we originally expected back at the beginning of the year, which Aaron talked about accurately and clearly during his narrative. But with that said, we are not experiencing push back from our customers.  The primary reason is end consumers aren't slowing down in their consumption of food away from home, in fact the opposite is true. We continue to see sequential improvement in our overall results tied to volume growth, and also obviously inflation at high levels, just to call out with their specificity. What we do with our customers, we have built a proprietary inflation tool calculator where we can take a inbound raw material to us that is significantly elevated from a cost perspective, and we can highlight for our customers what items on their menu are directly impacted by that inflationary item to then suggest to them that type of menu price changes that they should make, and that's what we mean with things like Value-Added Services, and I'm not talking about an obvious thing like meat and poultry, and talk about things like fats, shortenings, and oils are highly inflationary right now, and there are many different products on a menu that are impacted by particular raw ingredient costs increase.  Our sales reps have been trained and equipped to be able to work with our end customers to educate them that this raw materials is increased. Here's our suggesting to you on what you can do with your menu price, and it's for that reason that our customers aren't pushing back to the degree that you might suspect externally because they view us as a partner and that's what we are. We're partnering with them to help them be successful and profitable and the good news for this industry is that the end consumer has remained robust and strong. Jeff, back to you for any further comments.
Kevin Hourican: This is Kevin, just to bolster. We're not breaking it down by segment. We've been clear which segments remain behind. We have Travel and Hospitality, Business and Industry as two notable examples that from a volume perspective, remain down versus 19 levels. The good news is there's obviously significant offsets in strength within our restaurant sector, specifically, independent local sector, which is our most profitable sector. So ultimately that's the ultimate positive strength here is that the restaurant in volume is the core strength at this point in time, and as Aaron said, the enterprise level will be at 19 levels by end of Q3.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah, thank you. John asked a question earlier, which are the primary drivers of the growth. Share of wallet has been steadily improving, but it has not been the primary source of the growth. The primary source of the growth has been net new customer wins, Kelly, over the last, let's call it, two years. I believe that we'll pivot in the future where the personalization work, pricing work we're doing, the work we're going to do on the loyalty program that I alluded to earlier. We will pivot to more of the growth coming from increased share of wallet, and mathematically, it's why we are confident that we will go from the 1.2 times market growth that we're currently delivering to the 1.5 times growth which will be the growth target we have for the third year of our 3-year strategy that we call the recipe for growth. So the percent contribution of the growth will pivot more towards share of wallet in the coming fiscal years.
Aaron Alt: One quick add, which is as Kevin called out, the vast majority of our Q1 and ultimately Q2 snapback costs are transitory, and we have the opportunity to cover the rest through further productivity efforts that we already have underway.
Aaron Alt: I would just add, you should take great note of our announcement of our results for October and understand that we are accelerating across our portfolio and we have significant opportunity both in our fiscal Q2 and as Kevin called up particularly, into Q3 and Q4.
Aaron Alt: I would offer 2 thoughts, which is we are enthusiastic about the continued positive trends we're seeing in the top line as we move into what historically pre-COVID may have been a seasonal period. But this year is like no other in that respect. But also then mitigated somewhat by the call out around the fact that we do continue to expect to invest heavily against snap back and the transformation in the second quarter. For us, we have confidence in the year. We have come to the long term, and we are quite excited about the progress the operational teams are making in service of fiscal '22 in Q1 and certainly in Q2.
Aaron Alt: Sure, happy to do so. We are remaining loyal to the capital allocation strategy we called out at our Investor Day in May, which is our first focus is on driving the growth. Getting to the 1.2 and 1.5 times market growth, and so our first use of cash is to invest in the business either organically or inorganically, as you recently saw with Greco and a couple of the other small fields that Kevin called out. Once we've invested against the business for the business cases that are in front of us. We're also very focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and the actions we took, particularly at the end of last year, it certainly facilitated that, and we're feeling good about the strong balance sheet that we have and the recent upgrade of the rating by S&P. We have continued opportunities to improve that, of course, given the interest levels we're carrying versus prior years.  But we're feeling good about our capital allocation against our debt portfolio so far, and that leaves us with the return of capital shareholders. We increased our dividend as, as you heard me call out, we've now paid that twice, we'll touch it again during calendar 2022, and with the benefit of cash on-hand, we decided it was time to start returning capital to shareholders as well and our first step there is the announcement of the $500 million share repurchase beginning this quarter. So all in, very consistent with what we had telegraphed we were going to do at Investor Day and that's how we continue to manage the recipe for growth.
Aaron Alt: Good morning Kelly, it's Aaron. We're getting into an area that we don't typically disclose at that level of detail. I guess what I would offer up to you is that as Kevin either alluded to or said out loud, we're not yet back to fiscal '19 levels within the enterprise or the U.S. business, but quickly approaching it, and as we get into the back-half of our year, starting in the U.S. or North America, then broadly beyond that. We do have confidence that the Enterprise will be returning to positive volume leverage across the portfolio. Now, there will be some mix of that. We're talking aggregated numbers. We're not calling out. We are one country, or one class of customer to that respect. But in aggregate, we have confidence with the volume trends based on what we've seen so far, what we saw in October, and how we expect this to carry out over the year.
