Joel Grade: Yes. Chris, just this is Joe. I think just to clarify your question I mean I think the first half of last year there is-- there's very little M&A. And so we hadn't, I think that's probably part of what you're looking at here is just a difference in having M&A and this year M&A and not last year. And I note that if that is your question.
Joel Grade: Yes. Well, I think, look, I think - one of the things I would certainly reference you back to is the three-year plan that we talked about with an overall volume growth. Again that made some assumptions of some M&A about of some M&A about 1%, 0.5% or 1% in there. We talked about overall volume grow over 3% local about 3.5%. Again every quarter is going to look a little different and there's going to be some impact of some things that we've talked about here, but I think we broadly still feel good about the volume numbers we talked about as part of our three year plan. Those things are just going to move around some, but I think our --what we're really trying to get at here is just to give some line of sight to the fact that as we head into this next quarter and over the next a little bit of near future here that some of the things that we have been benefiting from including the HFM acquisition, the Doerle acquisition, some large as we referenced national accounts coming on that we're simply suggesting that we're seeing some of that moderation happening as we move forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. So, Bob, it's Joe. So I think the couple things on that. I'll start with the deflation point is obviously there was an anticipated level of inflation and some of the projections we had as part of this three-year plan and where we're at today is less than that. So I think part of what we're calling out is the fact that again in a deflationary environment which you are a less inflationary environment you typically have some mathematical improvement in the margin percentage that you actually have less gross profit dollars. And so when the impact of lower inflation does tend to be having lower gross profit. And so I think that's part of what we're seeing there. I think some of the other thing we talked about a little bit here was a bit of the mix and we called out some of this mix between some of the --even within our local cases of some of the micro chains, some of the things that are actually growing at an accelerated rate versus some will even I would call some of the pure independence that's part we're also referencing is something we're seeing as a somewhat of leveling off of our gross profits that's I think part what we're calling out here. So those are couple of -
Joel Grade: Yes. And you're right, Bob, we didn't size it out. I mean some where the impact of the, let's say Florence itself it is pretty somewhere a little less than a penny I would call.
Joel Grade: Yes and I think this - just one thing I'd add to that, yes, it is just I think Tom's comment earlier about these the categories themselves that are actually in deflationary are important. We've always and we always talked about this pretty consistently. It matters what inflation or deflation is but it also in some ways matters what the categories that are inflating or deflating are. And in this case some of them, we've had in our FreshPoint business for example, we had a fairly significant deflation in the produce area and again on the center of the plate in the meats area. Those are large dollar cases you start experiencing some of the deflation and that has some more impact on per case number that you're referring to.
Joel Grade: Yes and again just as part of that three-year plan if you remember that that gap was targeted at for that three-year time period. So certainly there's a plan that has some acceleration.
Joel Grade: Well, let me start and then Tom can chime if he wants. I mean-- I --first of all, no, the answer your original question is we did not actually that was not part of the cost acceleration that happened this quarter. So but having said that one of the things that Tom had referenced in his comments were around some of the areas in terms of the finance technology roadmap, some of the smart spending that, so that is not to suggest we don't still have areas of opportunity that we're continuing to address. And again in a world where we have some of the challenges we talked about in some of the macro in particular in the operations side. These are areas that we need to continue accelerate even at a faster rate than we have today. And so I think as we always think about those type of cost them in there are pay increases and there's things and so each --there are going to be a couple points of the increase in any given year, but what we're talking about now is actually doing some things that are going to further accelerate decreases in that area. And again it starts with these things that Tom referenced in terms of finance technology roadmap and smart spending categories.
Joel Grade: In some cases, yes, but obviously there's some puts and takes and all that, but we're certainly making sure we're either stay on track or where we can't accelerate we're doing so.
Joel Grade: Karen, so I'll start I mean I think the bucket is broadly speaking, I wouldn't call it materially different. There's probably some shifting around a little bit there that that skews towards some more of the cost side. Again out of necessity, again - every - we --again express confidence in our goals and if it looks a little different than we'd originally anticipated, but I wouldn't necessarily come to conclusion right now that all those things are going to just dramatically shift in terms of the buckets. I think that's, again, we're all we're really saying is that where we have some experiences of some of these issues particularly in our supply chain area, we're just going to continue to focus on accelerating those areas that we can continue to take costs out of our system. So I think that's really the main message here. And I think - [Multiple Speakers] yes and on those specifics, Karen, again we haven't-- we're not going out and actually I guess assigning specific cost to those items just suffice it to say, and we talked about this in Investor Day. Those were certainly a sizeable portion when we talked about of their G&A savings, and yes we can accelerate some of that we're looking to do so.
Joel Grade: Yes and I think just again that benefit again, we certainly anticipated seeing some of that starting in the second half of this year as opposed again somehow jamming all that into the final year, the three year plan.
Joel Grade: Yes, so from an inflation perspective, I mean I think you were certainly coming around this flattish area and I would just say that our anticipation within a couple quarters is, I'd say somewhat modest inflation splash kind of deep-- this is kind of right around this flattish area over the next couple quarters. I think is probably the best view you can have right now. Tax rate, certainly at this point continued we talked about twenty bucks I think a 25% tax rate that we called out in our earnings call for our fourth-quarter and some guidance there. And while obviously, we certainly continue to drive traditional opportunities there. At this point that certainly though we're still looking at that 25% factor at this point.
Joel Grade: Yes, and just to remember the size, the sheer size of the industry in terms of competitors. Again we often, the conversation is often around the three of us but really three of us maybe have 30% share at the top and so I think there's just a lot of competition in there, where share moves around.
Joel Grade: Yes and so again just to be kind of clear on that, again we haven't quantified that but I mean the point here really is we're not in deflation yet. What I was really referring to is that we were actually having, you want to call it less inflation and in certain categories we are actually experiencing some level deflation, but we're not in an overall deflationary place. Now the point I was also making was that if you look at last year in the same quarter, we actually had more inflation and so I guess that was really the point of the kind of the earlier comparison that there's some mathematical if you want to call it contribution to the gross margin percentages that happens when you look at that year-over-year. But that's really the point I was trying to make but we're not in a deflationary environment right now in total. So again which when we were talking about this couple years ago we're a couple points of deflation. And that obviously has certainly a much more significant margin percentage impact than what we are talking today.
Joel Grade: Yes, Ajay, I just, this is Joel. I think just to clarify I think what I think we're saying is that the Q2 we are anticipating looking somewhat more similar to what we have this quarter as opposed to something a lot worse than that. So I think what we're calling our is just some moderation a bit due to some of the lapping and some of the volume and then again we talked about some of these expense acceleration kicking in, but we're anticipating some of that more in the second half of the year. So I think just to clarify is more similar is the answer to your questions is we really we're calling out there in a second quarter.
Joel Grade: Well, you are right, couple things. Again I just like to just make one slight comment like that Tom made. I would not characterize this as wage inflation per se. It is demand for labor particularly on the transportation side and again with a pretty low unemployment obviously that impacts our ability to try to retain on the warehouse side as well. So it's really that as opposed to just wage inflation itself that's causing that impact. And I guess what I'd say to that, Karen, your other question, how much of that's going to happen before it just blows out the course of the three-year plan. I mean the reality of it is, again, we've been an environment for a while now where we've had these --some of these driver challenges. We've navigated through that for a while now. It's starting to pinch us a bit more which is what we've talked about here. I'm certainly not ready to make the call though that, it's again unemployment is pretty low, driver shortage has been there. And so I don't, I certainly don't know whether we're contemplating a scenario where that somehow gets just exponentially worse and it just blows this plan out yet. We're certainly-- we've talked about a couple times today. We've --it's a headland, we've got to deal with it both from how we become more productive on our supply chain as well as some of the other costs that we need to accelerate to deal with that. We will do so and we're certainly again at this point we should we certainly have continued to express our confidence in achieving our three year plan numbers.
Joel Grade: Yes and you can imagine, Andrew, I mean it's --the more your --the issues you are having with retention, there's more training cost, there's more churn; there's more --people take some time to ramp up productivity and accuracy and all those things. I mean all that stuff just exacerbates when you're having some of the issues of the retention. So that's just really - and that's both on the warehouse and the transportation side.
Joel Grade: Sure, well. So, yes, so fuel has continued to increase, obviously we continue to use some forward derivatives to hedge some of that but nonetheless those are on a rolling 12 that as fuel costs continue to go up those also go up. And so we certainly had say about $0.03 a case in terms of our fuel impact this quarter. So it's pretty significant, and you can certainly anticipate that coming continuing fuel surcharges I think the way ours-- the way those work I mean again that's not a dollar-for-dollar offset to be clear. We have had some increase in our surcharges those and on the contract side most of those are negotiated in. We have contract customers and those do move up and down based on some type of grid. On the street side, yes, that's something we're certainly continuing to evaluate and again as the markets move those do tend to move some as well but aren't nearly as big an impact.
Joel Grade: Well, so again that was related to an accounting change related to the way the pension accounting works that used to be up above the line. And so that is a reclassification from up above to down below. That is something you're going to see because again that's just to play a classification issue. That's really the main impact on the other income this quarter. And that you'll see for this yearend beyond.
Tom Bené: Yes, Hey, Chris, this is Tom. So I think - I don't think we said we are disappointed in our gross profit dollar growth. What we said was that the gap between gross profit dollar and expenses was not where we had hoped they would be. And so we still expect to see I think good gross profit dollar growth. What we've got to get is better focus and management of the cost because the current cost increases are not, we're not comfortable with where they are at. And so I think the headline here is that we still expect to see decent gross profit growth as similar to what we've talked about externally, but we just got to figure out how to mitigate some of these rising costs that were --that are challenging us right now.
Tom Bené: Yes. I think typically, Bob, the way we try to look at those hurricanes and the reason we've talked about both of them is one of them impacted quarter one, the other one Michael will actually more impact quarter two. But typically what we find is we lose the top-line right. We don't get the cases because outlets are shut down, the markets basically shut down, but we still have some of the costs. We still pay our people. We still and sometimes we try to recover. We are paying overtime because we are having to struggle to get as many people where we need them when we need them there. And so we tend to get is less top-line and more cost in those situations. And that's what we experienced in both of those situations. Obviously in the first quarter we had a little bit of that a year ago with a couple of hurricanes. So the real impact probably here is somewhat smaller in the first quarter and will be a little maybe larger in the second quarter.
Tom Bené: I'll start and then Joe can jump in. I think it's probably more of you suggest. I think it's more of a mixed issue and somewhat of, look, it's a slowing down of the inflation that we had planned, but it is also seeing deflation in a couple of key categories which is impacting us. I think in addition, look, I think the inbound freight is gotten better. It's still not great but it's more I think more consistent and maybe we were experiencing last year. So I think that consistency enables us to manage through that a little bit better. It's still up obviously it still continues to be a challenge as all of the-- we'd say everything around drivers because it's a challenge. Whether it's our ability to hire and retain and make sure we're doing everything we can to get our products out the door, or the impact of products coming in. I think what we're just seeing with within inbound is we're a little more stable than we were a year ago. We're cautiously optimistic but that will continue throughout the year but as we get to this holiday season, we do worry that that we see more pressure there as they're just more freight on the road.
Tom Bené: Yes. So, of course, we are and we always try to look at what is reasonable to pass along from a pricing perspective. I think the only challenge I'd say we've seen is the as we talk between the inbound freight which is adding to our cogs and some of the inflation in some categories that we've seen, we are trying to pass along as much of it as we can. Having said that, we did see a little bit of a gap between the cogs rising and our pricing in this quarter, and that is obviously creating some of this pressure we're talking about. So we continue to leverage our revenue management tools and all the work we've done over the last couple of years. We're just-- we're doing everything we can to move it along without creating issues obviously for our customers or for our overall top-line growth.
Tom Bené: Yes, that's very much the focus is how do we get keep, our top-line growing very strong and then make sure we are managing the cost side of the business tighter.
Tom Bené: Yes. As you know, John, that we've talked a lot about this in our past. We are not looking to buy share, if you will. We need to be obviously competitive in the marketplace, but you should not expect and we would not be out there and kind of leading with pricing downward to drive market share. We need to earn that based on all the things we've talked about. We're very focused on all those I would call differentiators in the business to create a better experience for our customers.
Tom Bené: So, Karen, A couple is, I would say not just a year 2020. I think we're telling you is back half of 2019 and 2020 but we are still confident we can achieve those numbers that we've shared with you all. So I think from that standpoint I wouldn't assume by any means that this is a - we're pushing everything off to the last year and you're going to have some big balloon when you need to stall for. So as far as what's changed, I mean I think what we are --one big thing that we are feeling maybe more right now than we had anticipated or had been prior to that is this cost pressure on the a supply chain side. And look, we knew it was out there. We were managing it pretty well, but I think we've gotten to a point now where we are like probably everyone starting to feel the impacts of that kind of day in and day out. And if we think about what that really looks like it literally is if you don't have enough drivers in the building then we need to pay what we have over time to get those products out. We need to invest more in recruiting people faster because we're not getting the folks in the door, and so whether it's incentives we have to pay to get people in, it's all of these things that we all know are out there, but I think maybe we were feeling less of that than others in the last couple quarters. And now it's hit us kind of squarely like everyone else. So I think that's the single biggest thing that's changed here. Obviously, we talked about going forward more of these just lapping issues that we have where we had some acquisitions a year ago that we'll start to lap and we had some new some bigger customer acquisitions, but it's really about this supply chain cost and all we're saying is we're going to accelerate some things in some other areas knowing we've got to offset that.
Tom Bené: So, Vincent, there are a couple of things. So the cost challenges are, if you think about the various segments, the business we talked about. Our biggest cost challenges are in North America. So the US business in Canada from a supply chain perspective. That's where we're feeling the majority of the impact. Our European business while there's a few things that are not a big driver of our cost issue. So it's the supply chain North America, big focus, so that's number one. Second what I would say is while I referred to other opportunities those are the ones we've been talking about finance roadmap, smart spending, some regional, I talked about Canadian regionalization. Some of those are kind of normal course of business opportunities, and we'll continue to look for those as well whether they're in the US or whether they're an international. We'll continue to look for and we will drive out cost opportunities that exist beyond big strategic focus areas. And so the last thing I think you asked is are they in the plan or not some? Some are and some aren't. And so finance roadmap we talked about that Investor Day, we plan for some of that. We're accelerating some of the work there, but we had planned for some of these things. So I think some of them are in the numbers; some of them are going to be accelerating, but I think the key message for you guys is, look, we understand that we were seeing some cost headwinds today that we had not anticipated. And you should expect and we are focused on mitigating those by taking out other, by taking out cost in other areas. That's why we're not really saying we're shifting; we should be shifting the model a lot. There might be slight adjustments as Joel suggested but this is basically saying look, we got some more cost headwinds than we anticipated. And we are aggressively going after those so we feel comfortable we can deliver the numbers we've committed.
Tom Bené: Hi, Judah. I'd say, look, I think we feel like the top line should continue to see solid growth, were, all of the, as you said the macro environment there is pretty positive and a lot of the things we're seeing across the food service segment continue to give us confidence there. I think the other thing you're raising and we've talked about this a little bit already this morning in the call is. There is some potential pressure on margin based on the mix of the customers and where some of that growth is coming. So I think the growth will continue but this kind of emerging segments, micro chains growing at a faster rate maybe than we had seen earlier are creating some pressure there. We're going to have to figure out how to manage through that as well. And I think your point on expenses was these aren't short-term, these are-- we see these continuing at this point. And, so yes, that's why we have to get aggressive in some of these areas because we don't see those costs increases mitigating anytime in the short-term.
Tom Bené: Yes, I would say in our case, I can't really speak for the other guys but we're --this is more just continued execution of our plan. We continue to be very focused. We talk about this disciplined profitable growth and while we have some of these challenges we're talking about, we're still very focused on each customer and making sure there's value. We can create for the relationship but also being thoughtful about not every customer is a good fit for what we're trying to accomplish, and we'll continue to focus on managing your business that way.
Tom Bené: Yes. I think in general as we go into second quarter we talked about some of these things, some of the lapping issues. So I'd say in general, yes, understanding that we have some of these lapping things that we shared occurring as we speak.
Tom Bené: Sure. And just on the pressure so it's wage to some extent. I think the important thing for everybody remember, I know we've talked about this is, we aren't --folks who are out there maybe increasing the minimum wage or coming out with higher wages for their associates. We generally aren't as impacted by that because we're already at or above those rates, but what we're finding is with the reduced availability of work force with the current levels of employment, we are just having a harder time attractive and retaining a certain associates. And I think that's we get into this little bit of churn situation where again we don't enough or paying overtime and that's driving our cost or we are having to spend money at higher rate to get people in the door. And it's not necessarily the pay rate or the wage rate; it's more of that churn that we are experiencing there and everything around that. And that's when we talk about out trying to retain folks longer, we know just like customers or we can retain our associates, it helps our overall cost. As far as other things we are doing, we've talked about things like small delivery vehicle. So let's talk about that for a second. That's a great example of where you may instead of having to find CDL driver where we know there is huge pressure right now for that commercial driver's license person. We can use folks who don't necessarily need a CDL. Ability to accelerate initiatives like that can be - can do a couple of things. Help us dramatically in our service for our customers but also impact that overall cost to wage rate and expense of that driver issue we've been dealing with. That's an example. Automation, we have a fair amount of automation in our facilities not like you might think of its hi-tech automation but automation around some of the slower moving items we are able to put more items into our facilities. We have piloted and tested some various types of warehouse automation and we will continue to look at that. We've not seen necessarily that being a big driver for us in the short term. But that doesn't mean we don't continue to look for ways to do that. I'd say the other areas where we might use think about automation is around analytics as you think about the AI, you hear a lot about. How do we take the information we have, enable us to make quicker decisions, enable us to do something in a way that maybe in the past that took us a little more manual approach to. And then maybe the last thing around our delivery is the way we route our trucks and the way we - the more we can be efficient in our routing and also enables us to kind of manage through this driver challenge but also improve our cost, meaning we can get more cases on the truck and we can obviously --we can have bigger drops with our customers, all those things really do help and improve that pressure on the supply chain cost.
Tom Bené: So, Kelly, I think it's a combination of things. I think as we were just talking with Marisa's question. We need to improve the current run rate of our supply chain cost. They are higher than we are comfortable with and I think we've got some initiative underway to continue to manage that, but to make sure we cover this increase that we're seeing. We are going to I'd say probably not necessary bigger but accelerate some of the cost initiatives that we've had out there. We have a pretty good line of sight to the areas of opportunity and I think it's really about accelerating those faster versus making them bigger if you.
Tom Bené: I think typically we've talked about them kind of less than 100 units, but generally covering multiple from our view-- multiple operating company. So instead of being like within a local geography with a few locations these are emerging concepts that are starting to grow beyond their traditional borders. And think about it as there are concepts that usually have done well for a while as a local or independent customer and now we're at the stage where they feel like they're ready to expand. And so we're just seeing that segment of the market starting to grow a little bit faster as they do that they require things that are probably more similar to a national account, both from how we manage their business but also the kind of programs they're getting from suppliers et cetera. And so that's why we say that that segment is a little more margin pressure than an independent restaurant operator, and but that they vary in size and scope. There not --they're not --they're certainly not changed like you typically think of a chain but they are starting to emerge and shift beyond kind of their traditional market.
Tom Bené: Yes, Ajay, maybe the way I'd answer that is if you recall we actually probably led these nine months to or so ago by adding some marketing associates. We believed that we had now had the kind of the data analytics and tools to allow us to focus where we were going to add resources. So we started that kind of Q --our Q2 of last year and that carried on kind of through now. So we have seen some additional expense associated with our adding some marketing associates, but we also believe that that's helping us drive our local customer and case growth. And so I'd separate that as far as what we see is the strategy we put in place is working. Is the competitive environment changing as others? Now look to add marketing associates out there, sure, I'm certain markets we're seeing some of that and as it gets more competitive obviously we need to be there to compete, but I would separate those from the operating expense other than to say that obviously higher case growth drives higher operating expense in general. If you're growing 5% plus in the cases and you should expect your operating expenses are going to grow. Our problem is our operating expenses, we're not getting leverage on them or they're growing faster than what obviously we're just getting on the case grow. So that's our issue and we've got to get that back in check which is what we've really been talking about here this morning.
Tom Bené: Yes. I think we're suggesting that where we sit today we feel like we just want to make you all aware of a couple of the lapping issues we've talked about. So we're not sitting here calling down for anything. I think just to be clear when you talk about breaks or Europe that's very different situation. And as I said in the remarks, I think in the UK there's certainly some uncertainty in that market continues because of this Brexit question that's out there. And quite honestly what we see in here as it gets closer to the date where they need to make some decisions that's probably creating more dynamics in the market right now, but the rest of our international markets we feel pretty good about, France and Sweden, Ireland all doing well. And so we just sort --we are managing through what is a little bit of a bumpy environment in some of our international markets.
Tom Bené: I think that's the important thing, Karen, is where we sit today we still feel like we will deliver the three-year plan we committed. Will we have to make some continued adjustments? No doubt. And that's what we've been talking about mostly this morning.
Tom Bené: Hey, John. It's a good question. There are certainly some contracts that have longer periods of time for adjustments of cost increases for us to pass them along, but I wouldn't say that's a big driver here but there's some of that for sure but I wouldn't characterize that as something that's a major impact or you should see some big switch swing because of it.
Tom Bené: So let's start there. Andrew. So I think it's both and so we obviously have hours of service types of things we have to manage on the driver side, but it's both. And I would say that costs are both as well if you think about those are relative expense. The driver and the transportation cost associated in our business are significantly higher than the warehouse. So both are being impacted but if you have heavy impact on transportation and the drivers that plays a disproportionate role in the overall expense load. And that's the really the point.
Tom Bené: Yes. We historically have not been short labor most of the time. So this is clearly a new phenomenon and I think it's driven by all of the factors we've talked about. Certainly just the unemployment levels are a lot lower; there is a shortage of what we would call skilled drivers. These drivers that have the CDL licenses and there's just a high demand for them in lots of industries right now. And as long as they remain short, we're going to have to do everything we can to retain the ones we have and attract the ones we need. And so that's where a lot of this is happening.
