Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Kenny. As we conclude, I'd like to provide a brief summary on Slide 23. We are the market leader in a growing industry. We are the largest in a space where scale matters. We're investing to create additional fulfillment capacity to support profitable growth to further leverage that scale advantage. We're investing in technology to support our customers and remove friction in the purchasing experience.  We're expanding our product range to become even more of a one-stop solution for restaurants and strengthening our selling process with improved training, compensation and digital tools to improve the close rate of product introductions to our customers. These efforts are combined with an increase in the size of our sales force in order to reduce territory size, enabling our sales team to provide more dedicated service to our customers. All combined, these capabilities are making it easier for food service operators to focus on what they do best, serving great food for their customers.  Sysco has a strong record of generating consistent results. In fact, Sysco has consistently grown annual sales over our more than 50-year history. In addition to compelling top line growth, Sysco was the industry leader from an adjusted operating profit margin perspective. We have the strongest balance sheet, and we're the only food service distributor with an investment grade credit rating. Additionally, we remain the only distributor paying a strong dividend yield. We plan to build on that position of strength for years to come.  As our recent proxy statement highlighted, we increased the weighting of financial metrics in our annual incentive program and added return on invested capital as a measurement in our long-term equity plan. These changes are well received by our management team and we are very focused on delivering the guided results. We are confident in the long-term health and growth trends of the food service industry in total.  Our $350 billion total addressable market will continue to grow over time, as food away from home has taken share from the grocery channel for 24 of the past 25 years. Scale matters in this industry, and Sysco is playing the long game to strengthen or scale advantages. These factors, coupled with our dividend and share buyback programs, will set investors up to be rewarded over time. I am both excited and proud to be a part of the journey. There is no other place that I'd rather be than at Sysco right here, right now. As always, I want to thank our 72,000 plus Sysco colleagues for their commitment to our customers and our shareholders.  Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, Ed. I appreciate the question. Just as it relates to the quarter that we just closed, overall, Sysco grew our volume greater than the market we took share. In total, we took share in national for sure. And at the local level, we actually outperformed versus the market in aggregate at the local. I would say the quarter kind of played out the way we expected. When we guided the year, we guided that volume would be more muted for fiscal '24. We guided that there'd be deflation in Q1. That came to reality as well. So in aggregate, we're pleased with the performance of our sales organization and the outcomes that were delivered. I'd say a major point of strength would be our national success, as I covered in my prepared remarks. I want to be very clear about one thing. The success we're having with national in no way -- in any way is impacting our ability to win or grow in local. There are different sales teams. We don't have supply chain capacity constraints that are getting in the way. We're winning in national because of the improvements that we've made on how we serve those large national customers with technology integration and dedicated and accountable sales teams. I did communicate on the call today that we believe there is room to improve, Ed, in local. I communicated today several actions that we're taking to drive improved progress. Most notably the first thing I said, which is we will be adding headcount this year. We've grown local for each of the last three years faster than the overall industry. And the result of that is our territory sizes have gotten a bit larger than we would like by adding headcount that’s skilled and trained properly. We can reduce the number of customers served by each SE, which will increase face time, increase presence in that kitchen, and increase the relationship strengths of our industry leading sales reps. So that is a notable call out. But I emphasize today that's more of a 2025 benefit, because it takes time for those folks to get skilled up, trained up and incorporated into the company. We recently modified our sales compensation. That went live in this quarter, Q2, October specifically. It will take a little time for that opportunity to flow through in improved outcomes. But we are confident because we have piloted that change that it will motivate our sales teams to grow their business and our business profitably. We're very focused on improving outcomes for the sales organization. We call it selling effectiveness, providing performance-based coaching, and education and training to that team. And we're really pleased with total team selling, which is the leverage of our specialty platforms. If I put all those things together, I want to, again, emphasize one point we're not going to lead with price. We will be very rational in our pricing decisions leading with capabilities, service and outcomes. When I put it all together, I think yes, we can see an uptick in volumes, specifically in local. And I will call out that in October we're off to a good start. We're seeing some progress and that progress is actually across all segments and across all restaurant types. Q2 is off to a strong start. I'll toss to Kenny. Kenny, over to you.
Kevin Hourican: Lauren, thank you for the question. Good morning. I'm really pleased with the progress that we're making on what we call cases per operator programs that Kenny mentioned in his comments a second ago, like Sysco Your Way are doing extremely well in helping us advance cases per operator. The Sysco perks program, which is a loyalty program for our best customers, it's an invitation only club is having the desired effect of improved retention of our customers and increased penetration. And then our opportunity to improve specialty which we call total team selling where we're penetrating further with both produce and with protein is having a big impact. And last but not least is personalization through our digital tools. We're getting better and smarter at understanding the cuisine focus of the customer, and having our emails and our website and the topics that our sales reps bring to our customers be very focused for them. Those things are working. Lauren, if you ask me the question where do I see the opportunity for improvement year-to-go, we can be stronger in acquiring net new customers. In our new compensation program that we just rolled out, we will motivate and incent our sales reps to win net new business that's profitable. I want to be really clear about that. We're not going to go chase small unprofitable customers. We need to chase the right customers. But it's boots on the ground, out on the street, prospecting new customers. We've had a lot of success over the last three years in winning net new and we can be stronger in the year-to-go than we were in Q1 on winning net new.
Kevin Hourican: Josh, thank you for the question. We feel good about our staffing levels across the enterprise globally and domestically. We're fully staffed as a network. That doesn't mean in every single site, in every single job that we're fully staffed. But in the network wide, we are feeling good about our staffing. We are fully staffed. And the labor market I'd say is mostly returned to kind of pre-COVID levels of inbound applicant flow for our jobs, and that's a good thing. Retention is improving year-over-year, and that's a good thing. Turnover is still elevated versus pre-COVID levels and that's something we're very focused on. But year-over-year, retention is improved and that's what's driving our improvements in pieces per labor, our productivity and it's what's driving improvements in our transportation metrics as well. That progress will continue, as I mentioned. Q2 through Q4 this year, we've got our team very focused. There are four key drivers of our ops expense; pieces per truck, our overall productivity, pieces per labor hour shrink, and safety. Those are the big four key metrics from an operations perspective. And if you interviewed any leader at Sysco, they would be able to tell you there was four, and we have everyone meaningfully focused on making progress against each of them. And that's the good news is that there's progress to be made in each of those critical four. We're making sequential improvement week-over-week, month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, and there's still progress to be made. The staffing tool that I mentioned will pay dividends for the long term. It's muscle being built. This business is more flattish versus retail, which is very choppy with monthly promotions and certainly the Christmas holiday season. We don't have that degree of seasonality. But we do actually have meaningful seasonality. We have schools that are on and off. We have northern hemisphere that is much busier in the summer than it is in the winter. And then that flips where places like Florida get really busy in the wintertime. We are going to be more effective in our feature at managing our staffing levels to match those fluctuations in volume, leveraging technology, leveraging discipline, staffing tools, and that'll help reduce our cost to serve over time. Josh, back to you if you have a follow up.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, I'll start on that question. Then I'll toss to Kenny if he has anything to add to that question. Yes, we're very pleased with the progress that we're making on GP dollars per case. I'll just go back to Lauren's question about the opportunity we have to win net new. We're better now at prospecting those customers to go after. It's not just go out and win a customer. You can win a small customer and add a lot of expense to your network by bringing on a small account, and then having them never matriculate up to a minimum profit threshold. It's a waste of time actually to send our sales reps out to those types of accounts. So our CRM is quite robust. And we have a lot of market intelligence. The opportunity by door [ph] on what that account can do, and we're getting better and better at being able to target our sales reps to those high propensity accounts and really focusing on winning them. That's comment one. Comment two, the other things that are driving GP dollars per case are actually in the buying side of our business. Our strategic sourcing efforts are continuing to make progress as we bring down our COGS and do so in a way that is stronger than the rest of the industry. It's a strength of ours. Topic three is Sysco brand penetration, especially at the local level. We continue to advance penetration of Sysco brand, and that's a huge strength point for Sysco. And then if you add the pieces that I talked about from a supply chain perspective on increasing the pieces per truck for the routes that we send out, increasing the productivity of our team, net-net all together, that's what drives a gross profit growth greater than expense growth, which allowed double digit bottom line growth at Sysco. Kenny, over to you for any additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: Okay, Jeff, thank you for the question. And I appreciate it. As we think about the quarter, volume for the quarter was mostly in line with what we had actually predicted for the year. If you look at our kind of prepared remarks back in August, lower overall volume growth year-over-year, deflation in the U.S. business for the quarter in both of those things occurred. As I think about the full year for fiscal 2024, the volume will be softer than in 2023 from a growth perspective. But we have Sysco room for improvement in local. And I cited several things today on our prepared remarks that are going to help us drive improvement in our local volume. The second is margin from a rate perspective, and I'll toss to Kenny when I'm done here if there's anything that he would like to add. Can we grow profit during a period of deflation in the U.S. is a question that we were being asked back in August? Answer definitively, yes. We grew our bottom line double digits during a quarter where we had lower volume growth than is normal for our industry and deflation. And I think that's a powerful proof point to the financial fundamentals of this company. In a period of deflation with lower volume growth, we posted a double digit increase in profit. As we look forward, we look further down the road, this industry will return to more normal levels of volume growth and will return to more normal levels of inflation. In the engine of productivity improvement, the engine of relentless focus on taking cost out of this business will enable really compelling long-term results. And one of the proof points that I said on the call, our sector food away from home has taken market share from the grocery channel in 24 of 25 years. The only year it didn't was 2020 and I think we all know the reasons why. So we've got confidence in the long term. And we have confidence in fiscal year 2024, which is why we reiterated the guide. October, as I said, is off to a good start. It is stronger than where we were in Q1. It's too soon to tell if that's a Sysco specific thing and/or an industry thing, because we don't get the data on the overall market until after the months are over. But we're pleased with the start to the quarter. And it's coming across all restaurant types; national, down to local and it's also happening across our other sectors as well. So hopefully that's a strong harbinger of things to come for the remainder of this year, time will tell. We're very focused on what we can control, which is continuing the success in national and improving our performance within local for the things that I described today. Kenny, over to you for additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: This is Kevin. I think the only thing I'll add is Kenny hit the points very clearly is that center plate is where the significant increases occurred. Beef already started that process earlier in the summer. Poultry while still deflationary is nowhere near the level of deflationary pressure that it was impacting the business a couple of quarters ago. And Jeff, we've got really good data. We've got global data. We have connections with top suppliers. Ergo why Kenny communicated that it's about a quarter ahead of schedule the return to inflation and that it's a net positive for the overall industry and company.
Kevin Hourican: Kelly, thank you for the question. You're correct on the total headcount for our sales force as of today. We did not on today's call communicate the quantity of headcount adds. It's a meaningful increase. It's in our budget for this year. It's in our guide for the year. It ramps up over time. They all don't start on one day. So think of it as a drumbeat that just gets louder each week. We're having success in filling the job. So it's not something we're struggling to do. And the reason I said sales professionals instead of just sales consultants is it's not just sales consultant generalists. We're adding more protein specialists. We're adding more produce specialists. We're adding more Italian specialists. And of course, we’re adding sales consultants as well across the board. It will have an impact, a very positive impact. What I said in my prepared remarks is think about that more as a 2025 impact, because it takes time for associates to learn the industry, learn the company, learn our tools and systems, learn the selling process. We give them a small territory to start. And then they ramp up that territory size over time. The main benefit, though, is actually the other individual. We're able to free up more capacity in time for an existing strong performer to have fewer accounts to focus on. And then they can actually grow their business as well by spending more time with our best customers. So we're bullish on it for the long term. It's something we will do on an ongoing basis going forward. But it will be a step change upward in the forward facing periods versus the past couple of years.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, it's a good question, John. And I would say it this way. We're being very strategic about where the headcount adds are happening. It's not peanut butter spread across the country. It's high dense trade areas, high growth trade areas, and where things like Sysco Your Way are happening. And that is where the headcount growth will happen. We're in select geographies with high customer density, with high growth are areas where we will over invest in the new headcount additions, and we expect high yield from that. As it relates to Sysco Your Way, we have a real opportunity to continue to optimize our performance within those neighborhoods. We're now live in more than 450 neighborhoods worldwide. And we have a big opportunity to increase the number of doors we serve within those neighborhoods. There's still tremendous growth potential in those neighborhoods where we don't serve every customer yet. And then for the customers that we are currently serving, we don't have produce and protein and Italian on every one of those customers' truck deliveries, and why wouldn't they order produce and protein from Sysco when we're coming literally every day and we have a sales rep. So we are having so much success and this perhaps is where you may have been going with your question in select Sysco Your Way neighborhoods. We're actually having to split them apart and create two neighborhoods within a geography. In some, we've actually had to split into three neighborhoods. And yes, there is headcount dedication that will occur in that regard. And some of the new headcount that we're hiring this year will in fact be deployed to those neighborhoods.
Kevin Hourican: On the national side, I'll start with the answer to your question. Then I'll toss to Kenny if he has anything else that he would like to say. Our share count with an existing national customer is very high. For many of them, it's 100%. The opportunity for profit improvement with those accounts are things like penetrate further with Sysco brand. Sysco brand under penetrates with national brand customers versus local customers. But we're making progress on that. Now we're lining up our chief merchant with the chief purchasing officer for those top customers and where can we win together? Where can we partner, move a product over to Sysco brand, share in some of those savings with that national brand customer so that we win together? Other examples would be dropped size incentives. How can we do things in a win-win nature with those customers where if we can be more efficient through a decision that they make, we can share in some of the savings created from that efficiency improvement? Again, just back to why are we winning in national sales? If the contract is not win-win, it's short lift. We need to have contracts that are win for us, win for them, structure the contract that way and then these great sustainable, long-term partnerships. Reminder, these contracts are three to five years in nature. And our retention rate for our national sales customers is extremely high, in large part because we're doing an even better job of having that win-win contract provision where again where we can be more efficient, we will share in some of those savings with that partner. That helps them be more profitable, it helps Sysco be more profitable as well. With that rigorous, disciplined ROIC lens that Kenny mentioned, he mentioned it in SYGMA, we had a customer not to be named that wasn't willing to actually have a contract that was win-win. We walked away. We're more profitable because of it. We're not growing for the sake of growing. We're finding the right partners in national across restaurants, healthcare, education and hospitality. We're focusing on how we serve them better. And we're having a lot of success with that. Kenny, I'll toss to you for any additional comment you'd like to make.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, I just want to add one thing. I 100% agree with what Kenny just said. I think the rate of inflation in sales a year ago is causing a little bit of perhaps year-over-year compare challenges because when I look at the actual core drivers, our transportation costs per piece year-over-year improved. Our warehouse costs per year-over-year improved. Maintenance costs year-over-year improved. Shrink improved, retention improved. These are the drivers that actually impact cost per piece and those metrics in our core U.S. business, all of them improved year-over-year. And we're not yet back to 2019. There's actual continued additional progress that can be made that will be made. We've built that into our guide for the year. And we are very focused as a leadership team on continuing to make those improvements.
Kevin Hourican: Great. Thank you all for joining us. Please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations group if you have any follow-up calls. Thank you.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Hi, Ed. One thing to add is that in addition to the U.S. market, I think it's important to understand that we have a profitable growth engine in international as well, which makes up roughly 20% of our sales. During Q1, our Canadian business grew 6% in local and our European business grew at a similar rate. From my perspective, growing local is a big part of our long-term vision for Recipe for Growth. Under our global operating models that Kevin's referenced earlier, we are demonstrating sustainable value to our customers through programs like Sysco Your Way, which is yielding dividends as well as Sysco penetration, which is also driving positive flow through our margins. So local and national growth is important. But under the Recipe for Growth umbrella, our focus is sustainable, profitable growth.
Kenny Cheung: Thanks, Kevin. So a few points for me. First is in addition to the supply chain productivity Kevin's just mentioned, the corporate initiatives we outlined last call, the $100 million, that is underway and that is going to be realized ratably across the four quarters because we started on day one. That's number one. And if you look at the P&L from a corporate SG&A standpoint, we were down 7% year-on-year. That's point number one. Number two, in terms of the way to think about the pacing of the adds, I'll say one thing. We will be disciplined and deliberate on when and how and where we add, meaning we still expect to achieve positive operating leverage even with the heads that we're adding. So GP growing faster than expenses and bottom line growing faster than top point.
Kenny Cheung: Yes, just one point to add. If you'd look at the gross profit line in the quarter, I know usually we talk about gross profit versus expenses, but I think it's worth pointing out that gross profit grew faster than sales, which is a proof point that what Kevin just mentioned, we are managing deflation in the quarter with discipline on the pricing tools side. Sysco brand, as Kevin mentioned, grew 53 bps on the local side for our business, strategic sourcing initiatives and the continued growth of our specialty business as well. On the corporate side, as I mentioned, $100 million is locked in for the year, and we're not stopping. We are looking for more as we speak. I know in the prepared remarks, we talked about Canada. As I'm looking at my own function, we're looking at finding better ways to drive outcomes more with less. So overall, I would say we are on pace with our productivity targets for the year and again looking for more.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. Regarding the guidance as Kevin touched upon, we are confident in our guidance. Here at Sysco, we do adopt what I call the checkbook mentality where our business model allows us to pull levers to ensure we can manage against various market dynamics. As Kevin said, some are controllable and some are not such as the muted market growth and inflation which we were able to successfully navigate through in Q1. Just to put numbers on what Kevin mentioned, 36 bps improvement on GP and then 33 bps improvement on OI. Based on all the variables, risks and opportunities, we feel comfortable with the current guidance range.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. So let me first just kind of reiterate our guide on inflation. So you are correct. We are seeing one quarter ahead where we expect to on the last guide in terms of inflation in the U.S. market. We were inflationary in total from enterprise standpoint. The second half right now we're keeping what we said on the last call, which is consistently higher versus prior year elevated on positive inflation. In terms of your question around the kind of the product categories with commodities basket, here's how I would think about it. At Sysco, we have a diverse set of commodities or product categories in which we sell to a broad set of customers. The good news is we do not over index on any categories from a volume standpoint. No one categories more than 15% to 20%. Each commodity to your point connect differently. Beef right now is up double digit while other categories are in a different state. From a center plate standpoint, which makes up roughly 13% of our volume, we are seeing that trend up on the inflationary curve. If you think about it, take a step back, Sysco is always managing deflation and inflation because our commodities basket acts differently across the board. That is a reason why we have a natural hedge in the basket itself.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. So in general, Kelly, when we think about capital allocation, when growth opportunities avail themselves, which exceeds our hurdle rate, we deploy capital to enhance shareholder values through these opportunities. This is CapEx. This is M&A. And this is, as Kevin mentioned, national sales. Each sales contract goes through a very rigorous process. We make sure that the margins is there and it passes the eye of the IRR and the hurdle rates. We will not grow for the sake of growing. This is all about profitable growth in our portfolio. ROIC cuts both ways. I'll explain the first way. If you look at my prepared remarks, SYGMA was actually down on the volume and because of productivity, because of discipline, we were actually -- it enabled us to double the profit for the portfolio in our business. Again, there is a lot of rigor in the approval process to one of your points in your questions.
Kenny Cheung: Yes, you covered it well, Kevin. The only couple of things I'd say is that you're right, John. The share of wallet can grow the most profitable cases, the extra case on the truck, if that's one piece. And the other piece, as I mentioned earlier, national growth, we’re watching very carefully. We're doing very well. But for us, it's all about sustainable, profitable growth.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. So without going to actual numbers, the way that I would model and think about this, we should drive bottom line accretion through both on the GP side and the operating expense side. And what does that mean? If you look at Q1, as I mentioned earlier, Q1 gross profit growth rate was actually higher than sales, meaning the work that we've done around call it the strategic sourcing, Sysco brand penetration, proper mix of our business that will drive accretion between your sales and your GP line. In terms of operating expense at the low GP, you have two things working in favor for us. One is the continuation of supply chain productivity, as Kevin described earlier. This is tied to productivity. This is tied to better retention for our employees. We try to better productivity yield on the warehouse side and delivery side. And this also dovetails nicely into the productivity work that we've done on the corporate side, which is $100 million I referenced earlier. As I mentioned, we're not stopping there. So to answer your question directly, it is both the GP line and the operation expense line.
