Joel T. Grade: Yeah, I think the only other thing I'd add is, we talked about some of the startup costs, again, we certainly have continued to talk about our disciplined approach to growing our business. And we did, as Tom mentioned earlier, take on some additional multiunit business and have incurred some startup costs associated with that. And so, I think the one thing I would take away from a lot of that stuff, certainly, some of the challenges in the inbound freight were certainly actively again (22:21) to do something with. And these other areas with some of the investments in the sales force as well as some of the startup costs for some of these multiunit customers certainly over time obviously, we expect some benefit out of that to come through.
Joel T. Grade: Yes. And I would just add, I mean, I think when you look at some of the other components, I mean, our Sysco Brand percentage continues to perform well. We continue to have benefit from category management. So I mean, there are some puts and takes on this. Certainly, we're calling out some of the headwinds, some of the challenges, but we certainly have some good things happening as well. And so, I think in general, we actually feel good about that moving forward. And certainly, on the margin piece, again when you factor out the impact of the freight and some of the inflation impact, again, I think overall, our margins are actually in a decent place as well.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. And I think just a couple of things on that also. Just in addition to the multi-temp transformation, there are some things that we're doing even from, in terms of the way we go to market there that we're making some investments as well. And so again some of that's going to be ongoing. The one thing I'll remind you though, and that we've been calling this out over the last couple of quarters, just to remind you. I mean there was a calendarization impact that you saw this quarter, and again we've certainly been foreshadowing here because as we switched the Brakes Group from a calendar year to a fiscal year, again, all those things were true about some of the investments in here. But again, just a reminder, some of the – I'd say somewhat acute performance that you saw this quarter certainly also, in large part, is related to some of the transformation in the year or the calendar, excuse me, transforming from a calendar year to our fiscal year, and some of that impacts is going to – you'll see some of that picked up in the second half of the year.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, I would say, John, just on a real high level, there's probably a little more impact of inflation than the other, just kind of a high level.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, I would say I mean probably a little bit of both. But I think – obviously, this thing is somewhat complicated and there's certainly a lot of things we're looking to do to optimize this, which would certainly impact the dollars. But I mean suffice it to say, certainly with the significance of our profits in the U.S., it's certainly going to be positive opportunity for us.
Joel T. Grade: Yes. And I think some of the other investments we talked about in Europe also. I mean, those again, those continue to be ongoing. But I mean obviously, Marisa, there's certainly things that we're doing, we're working on that also ultimately – those aren't simply the only categories or things that we're dealing with, that we're focused on here. And so again, we said a couple of times, I mean, we certainly feel good about the remainder of this year and as we head into the second half of the year, I think certainly anticipate some of that cost pressure to mitigate some.
Joel T. Grade: And then Shane, the only other thing I would add is that I mean, as we one of the great, I would say, advances we've made as an organization is the ability to actually rollout new sales associates, once they get through their training with actually larger territories than we used to have with some of the tools, some of the things that we've talked about here. There, I would say, even the newer people are more productive faster in the world we're in today. And so I think that's also a benefit.
Joel T. Grade: Sure. So again, this is probably a little bit of me giving an opinion or speculating here. But I would say in many cases, as we've gone down the acquisition trail, we certainly have some exposure to some of the smaller distributors that are in our industry. And I would just say this. In some, not all, but in some cases, certainly, part of their goals of family-owned business is to minimize their tax that they would pay. And so, I would say that in general, our ability – again, given the amount of profitability we have in the U.S. and sort of again, just the amount of tax that we pay relative to our overall profitability, I would say that we have a good opportunity over and above, in some cases, what they may have. Again, that's a very general statement, not necessarily certainly applies to all. But I would certainly say that there's probably some opportunity there for us versus some of the – particularly, the smaller family-owned competitors.
Joel T. Grade: We didn't, John. We have called it out for a couple of quarters now that we're certainly looking at the fact that this quarter, we'd see a negative impact of that. That would then be somewhat picked up over the last couple of quarters but we did not quantify that.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. And just to reiterate, Tom said that extremely well, and I think the one thing just to reinforce, this is not – you should not take away from this that for whatever the reason there is an – productivity impacted a negative way of any of the stuff. We certainly look at this as an ability to continue to take share again in a targeted way. And so that to me is a separate and distinct from the fact that we also have some continued increases in productivity through some of the tools we've talked about. They're not mutually exclusive here in terms of adding MAs and driving productivity that they can (45:05).
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. So yes, the answer is yes. And certainly, part of in my script, I wanted to make sure I called that out. I mean we do anticipate an improvement in the second half of our year over the first half of our year. And so, I think in a number of different areas but I would certainly say the answer to that is yes, and again, we certainly tried to call that out in the script.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. that hasn't changed. We typically experience actually a heavier amount of CapEx in the second half of our fiscal than we do in the first half. And again, our first half CapEx is very consistent with where we were in the last year. And so, we do anticipate some level of acceleration in the second half.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. No, I mean, I don't – we haven't typically guided that. I don't think there's anything really unusual to go there. I mean, just as you had modeled just our normal CapEx I would think just keep a normal view of D&A I think is reasonable. There's nothing really exciting there.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. And so, what I'll tell you is we're going to give you a little – an update on that probably in our Q3 call. I would say, it's likely that will be slightly less than flat, although some of that is due to – and the reason I'm hedging in terms of the timing of this is that there were some actual tax reforms that happened in the UK and in France as well that we're still working through to be able to quantify the impact of that also factored into that number. And so again, I would anticipate that there'd be somewhat less than we guided. But again, I'd like to get a better number before I quantify that for you, we will plan to do so.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, again, I don't want to be not responsive to your question, but we just haven't guided that number. I would just suffice it to say that again, that there will be some level of pickup in the second half of the year. But again, we haven't guided specifically of what that was like. And keeping in mind, as Tom talked about earlier, I mean, there's been somewhat of an acceleration and where we've seen opportunities that we anticipate long-term benefit from to accelerate some of the investments that we made both in the multi-temp and in some of the (49:40) as well.
Joel T. Grade: Yes. So I think the main takeaway I'd have from that, number one, one of the things I talked about in my prepared remarks is around making investments in our business that are in line with our capital allocation priorities. And the reason I said that specifically is that we've done a lot of different questions around, will you invest in pricing, will you do some of those things? And the answer to that is that, that's not part of what we're talking about here. When we talk about investing in our business, we're talking about opportunities. Again, part of our capital allocation priority is to continue to find ways to accelerate items, to invest in assets and technologies and people and in ways that ultimately drive long-term value for this organization. And so, I would look at it and think about it more that way, and again certainly not – we're not thinking about as just turning around and investing that ultimately in price. And so I think – and again, as you know, our capital allocation priorities, I think, are quite balanced between investing in our business, providing value to shareholders. And I think that again, our overall investment moving forward is going to be very consistent with that.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, Ajay, it's Joel. I would – on a top-line basis, it was just a little bit over 1%. We also had – there was obviously impact on the gross profit, impact on the expense. For the most part, that washed out as you translate that down to our operating income line. But we did have some benefit on the top. Again, certainly, there was somewhat – again, a little bit relative strengthening in the sterling and the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. is really what's driven that recently. But at the end of the day, again, the overall impact on the operating line is not a lot, but on top, we did get 1%.
Thomas L. Bené: I think, Kelly, it's a combination of all. I think we're certainly having success and gaining some share in certain markets. And I think as we've talked we feel pretty good about that local or independent customer, that restaurant operator, in particular their ability to continue to grow in the local marketplace. So I think it's a combination of both.
Thomas L. Bené: One, I think you got it right. Obviously, as with inflation, margin dollars are going to go up generally and the percentages are going to be pressured a bit. And we are seeing that. As an example, our gross profit per case has actually gone up in the second quarter. So we feel good about that. Remember though, this inbound freight thing is going to impact our gross profit line as well, so you got to continue to keep that in mind. That's beyond the inflation. And then I think as you think about it going forward, we're going to have some of those inbound freight challenges, we believe, will still be with us in the next couple of quarters. We're going to do everything we can to mitigate that and pass along where we can, but we know that's going to continue to be in there. And I think not knowing exactly how inflation is going to play out and as you guys know and as we talked about a lot, it's not – even though it's an average number we talk about, there are certain categories that are moving a lot more than others and produce is a great example of that, certainly impacted by some of the activity and the storm activity that's affected various parts of the U.S. So longwinded way of saying I think modeling going forward, you should probably expect some continued pressure on the gross margin percentage. But we should be continuing to be able to grow our gross profit dollars at the rates we've talked about, and our – for case gross profit, we anticipate to also be favorable.
Thomas L. Bené: So good question. And so the UK is probably, of all those markets, the most unique. Everything from the Brexit impacts that are still obviously not all that clear and yet would be – ultimately the outcome of that's going to be in the marketplace. Because we source a lot of products for the UK out of other parts of Europe, that impact – the Brexit – Brexit basically, but on the pound sterling versus the euro, it's certainly having an impact on our costs. Therefore, the inflation we're having to try to pass along in the marketplace is quite high. And so, we've struggled to be able in all cases move that completely through and remain competitive. So we talked about the impacts both on our gross profit, but also on our volume in that market. And some of that's driven by the competitiveness, and some of that's driven by the consumer not being as confident in that market as maybe they are certainly here in the U.S. And so, I think we're going to continue to see some of that on the margin line. Regarding costs, when we acquired that business, they were on their journey of this multi-temp transformation. We are accelerating some of that across the UK and looking to get that in place. And so we still have certainly, I'd say another year or so of investments there that we have to make to get that up and running. And we feel good about it. We think it's the right thing for the long-term and it will certainly put us in a very solid position in the UK. But that investment's going to continue for a little while here.
Thomas L. Bené: Hey, John. Yes, a couple. So inflation, yes, we expect it to continue kind of the same pace that it has been. And from a pricing standpoint, no, we didn't see really any major changes or impacts. And certainly, we aren't investing in price at this point. So don't believe that's an issue or will be one going forward other than the normal competitive environment we operate in.
Thomas L. Bené: I don't know, we want to get that specific. Let me just remind you and everyone. We feel actually really good about the gross profit increase this quarter. We were up 5% in the U.S. and that's a really positive number even of the case growth numbers that we shared. So yes, all those things are impacting that number, including the addition of, while our local was good, we also had an increase in the CMU business, so that national account business, and those all impact that gross margin number.
Thomas L. Bené: Yeah. It's on the SG&A line clearly. I mean, you saw the numbers. Again, we feel really good about where we're at from the top line and a gross profit perspective and we had some cost challenges that we're dealing with, but yeah.
Thomas L. Bené: Look, I think we're doing everything we can to try to mitigate the impact. I think the part that's less controllable is as the overall shortage of drivers is there, the carriers are choosing what products they're going to haul and who's going to pay them the best rates to haul those products. From a service standpoint for us and, I think, you all know in this industry we've got to have our products available for our customers and they've got to be there when they need them. So, we've got to make sure we've got them in our facilities. So the big impact to us has been having to pay higher rates to get the products here, so we can make sure we're servicing our customers. And we're always trying to balance that. But getting the products in the facilities to be on hand for our customers is job one for us. So a longwinded way of saying, I think you should expect that we're doing everything we can but we're going to continue to see some challenges here as we try to impact that. It's not like we're going to pick up a lot more loads ourselves because we're not going to necessarily add the fleet to do that or move our outbound organization to handle inbound. So it really is something we've got to manage through our carrier partners.
Thomas L. Bené: It'd be hard for us to comment on whether that's driving it. I think we know what's started a lot of this was the storm activity. And we know then carriers were either being diverted to carry and handle other products that those areas of the country needed. There's been some rail issues, as I think have been well-documented that also put some additional pressure on the trucking industry. So there're probably a lots of things, but I don't know if we can comment or know anything specific to the points you made.
Thomas L. Bené: Thanks, Marisa. So I think certainly, the startup costs, we anticipate those, obviously, going away or being much less in the third quarter and beyond. The investment in the selling organization, obviously, we're going to have that with us for a while, but we look at that also is them providing growth on the top-line. So the investment there, we think, gets covered pretty quickly with some of the other top-line benefits. And then as it relates to a couple of the other things, the calendar move was a one-time thing in the European or the UK – sorry, the European business, that calendar year to fiscal year. So those are the primary things. We talked about fuel – that isn't really – the fuel rate, that will probably continue here for at least another quarter or so. But those are the primary ones, I'd say.
Thomas L. Bené: Great question. So think about it as we've added the resources now, so it's somewhat of a onetime or of an acceleration. And now that they're here, obviously, the costs will continue. But we don't look to continue to accelerate that beyond necessarily those numbers at least at any significant pace. And from a wage pressure standpoint, we really aren't seeing anything new or different for our business.
Thomas L. Bené: Hey, Shane, so we don't necessarily talk about our share productivity metrics for our selling organization. But if your question is, are we feeling like they are continuing to be productive and grow in their productivity, the answer is yes. Obviously, the e-commerce work that we've been doing and the utilization continuing to grow is enabling that. In addition, the way we're resourcing and supporting them with this consultative model, we also feel like it's continuing to drive productivity. The opportunity we saw was in targeted areas where we were underdeveloped, and we felt like we had now enough inside knowledge around where we could target those resources to drive incremental growth, specifically with our local customers. So that's why you're seeing the investment we're making, but we feel really good about that organization and the progress we keep making and the leverage we're getting with them across the business.
Thomas L. Bené: So John, let me try to take a shot at that. So again, this was what I said a couple of minutes ago around how we're thinking about this. We actually feel really good about the productivity we're getting out of our existing selling organization. You got to think about though is there's a difference between better managing the current customers and trying to acquire and drive our relative share in the marketplace through incremental business. And so I think you need to think about the two of those in conjunction. And the adding of the salespeople really on a more very targeted basis is all around trying to improve our position in certain markets where we believe we've got significant opportunities. And given our share position relatively in the industry, we've got plenty of room to grow and we've talked about that. And so, it's a combination of, yes, you should expect us to continue to get productive with our current selling organization with existing business. But as we look to take on new business, we do need resources in place. And those resources not only are the people but the training and the support that goes along with that. So there's – it is an investment, but one, we feel really good about and one we feel like will create a nice return for us.
Thomas L. Bené: Yes and you guys have probably seen some of the restaurant data, I mean, some of it was good for December. If you think about same-store sales versus – traffic continues to be a challenge in certain areas for sure, but same-store sales seemed to be growing and that's helpful. Also if you look at the relative improvement throughout the end of last year, it was stronger obviously than the first part of the year. So I think a lot of the indexes that are out there, a lot of the data that's being shared across the restaurant industry is somewhat positive during this quarter. And so we're hopeful that that continues, the consumer confidence that Joel is referring to and that we're all hearing about, reading about, you hope translates into increased – hopefully increased traffic but certainly increased sales in the restaurants.
Thomas L. Bené: Bob, I don't think – I mean the data that's out there, we have not spent any time looking at that, it's probably something worthy of us and the industry looking at, but I can't honestly (56:51) say we've got that data in front of us. But we tend to believe a lot of the things that we're all seeing and reading. And I think that that will – we know in this business, consumer confidence, unemployment all those things are positive drivers for foodservice and for restaurants in particular. And so we're hoping that all those things do, in fact, continue to provide some nice tailwind for this industry.
Thomas L. Bené: It's a great question Bob. And I think you are interpreting it correctly that over the last probably year-and-a-half or so I would say we are more stabilized with our selling organization. We're very focused on building out this consultative model. And so where we were maybe adding some in the past it was more around the support resources versus the actual selling resources. We're now at a place both because we have the insight and data to tell us where we should be focusing. And we've I'd say optimized might be the right word that current selling organization we felt like it was the right time to be able to start to add. So we just feel like we're in a much better position from an insight and knowledge basis and know where we have the opportunities to go ahead and start making those additions.
