Bill DeLaney: Sure Vincent, I’ll take a shot at that one. So as we’ve said in the prepared remarks we’ve done about seven during the last eight or nine months – we did five in the fiscal year and just did two more here in July. I would say to you if you go back a year, a year and a half it goes beyond even the deployment, but the system itself is more stable today and then as we do deploy I believe we’re doing a better job working with our people in the field, preparing them, making sure we’re understanding what their challenges are so that not only do we have a good go-live weekend but once the system is live that we’re able to operate the business with fewer glitches, that type of thing. So there’s still challenges. I would say two examples of things that are better is our service levels continue to come up and come back faster than what they did originally. And I would also tell you in some of the early conversions we would have some issues, especially with larger customers, that type of thing that, not to say that we don’t have any today but I think we’re much more coordinated internally with our corporate sales group and with our op cos as well as with the deployment team to plan for those challenges, anticipate them, handle them when they come up. But as we said in the text here learn from each one so that there’s fewer issues as we go forward. So we’ve always done pretty well on the go-live weekends. I would just say post-conversion we’re able to operate the business better; the systems, the performance of the systems is faster, it’s more stable; on the sales side generally much fewer issues today with our sales force and our customers in terms of some of the basics on order entry, that kind of thing.
Bill DeLaney: We haven’t seen it yet. I think what we’re saying is people that we all follow and just looking at some overview reports on commodities and that type of thing, and just the math of this thing as you get into the last third of next year we would expect it to subside some. But at this point it’s still very comparable to what we’ve seen in the last three or four months.
Bill DeLaney: Yeah, why don’t we tag team this one, Ed? So I would say it was up and more than what we would have liked to have seen, and there’s two pieces to it which Chris took you through on the operations side.  Our delivery costs, we’re still having some challenges there. We’re doing some good things on delivery but there’s challenges in the labor market, in certain markets we’ve had some basic issues that we could have managed better I think on comp and that type of thing. So there’s still some transition. Even though we’re putting in some good initiatives on the delivery side it’s still early days; it takes some time for those to get traction. And delivery’s always the hardest expense to manage, but we should do better than what we’re doing there right now and I would expect us to as the new year goes along. The second part of it was more conscious on our part that Chris alluded to, where you know, we’ve got some good things going on here with cat man and revenue management. There are some areas where we need to invest in the technology infrastructure beyond the SAP platform and so we have begun to make those investments. So we did that consciously and those are the right things to be doing for the company, not just in the short-term, in the mid-term. So we could have, probably should have managed the expenses a little bit better. Again, I’m real pleased with the gross profit dollar growth and hopefully you’ll see that get calibrated more effectively here as we go into the new year.
Bill DeLaney: Well I think, Ed, as we said and I know it’s kind of a recurring theme here but that’s the reality of our business right now – the marketplace continues to be highly competitive. Our customers are under a lot of pressure from the consumer to offer innovative experiences in food and presentations and to do it more and more cost-effectively. So obviously we need to be more responsive and we are responsive to that. So there’s a macro headwind that we continue to fight. In terms of where the mitigation of the improvements are coming from, I think from all the areas you just mentioned. I think certainly since late last fall we’ve done a better job managing our margins I think more effectively internally. I think you are seeing some benefits of cat man begin to become more pronounced. The mix did help a little bit this quarter. It’s more of a balanced mix between locally managed customer growth and sales growth and corporate managed. Inflation helped some too, there.  So we’re kind of at a point where inflation’s probably a little bit higher than what we’d like to see right now certainly in those three categories but it is a little bit of a tailwind as it relates to that, to the margin dollar growth. But at the same time it’s more difficult to pass that price increase along to our customers as fast as we might like, and I think as we said on the last call in most instances we frankly shouldn’t pass along that fast and we have to manage that as best we can. So it’s coming from all areas.
Bill DeLaney: Probably I’d plead tactical on the latter. We feel we’re running our locally managed business better. We put this company and in particular our sales force and op cos and customers through a lot with a lot of these initiatives, and many of them either directly, John, or indirectly impacted our salespeople and to some extent our customers. So we’ve cycled a lot of that on the sales side and now we’ve gotten the benefits from it, but I think things are a little more stable on that front.  We’re able to focus more, and like I said we’re giving them better tools to support the cat man rollout, (inaudible) revenue management work is starting to gain some traction. So yeah, I think we’re doing a better job managing the local business. It’s still modest growth but it’s growth. I would be fine with a little bit more growth on the corporate side; it just so happens it’s moderated to some degree so there is no big, strategic initiative there. We are obviously always trying to get better at the profitability and how we manage the profitability of the business.  So I think it’s mostly that we’re managing the locally side better. As far as the first part can you take me through that question again? I’m not really sure I understood it.
Bill DeLaney: Well I don’t know exactly how you’re interpreting the data. We got 4% GP growth on 2% case growth and 6% sales growth, so I’d say we got our fair share but I don’t know if it’s more or less. I think our people do a really good job responding to the environment that they’re in and trying to make good decisions on how much to pass along, when to pass along, how to work with the customer to find ways to cut their costs so that they don’t have to pass along as much to their customers or to the consumers. So yeah, I think we’re getting better at it, John, but I wouldn’t say we necessarily passed on as much as theoretically we could have.
Bill DeLaney: Yeah, so these gentlemen are both folks that have joined us here over the last year, year and a half. Tom has twenty plus years with Pepsi and Scott has twenty plus years in multiple areas, retail grocers but big types of supply chain background. So they both have come in. Tom has spent the last 15 months or so building his presence, both working with our merchandising team initially, getting cat man rolled out to the field; and then beyond that has gotten more involved in sales and marketing and some of the inbound aspects of supply chain over the last 9 to 12 months. So two very highly experienced people that have been great additions to the team and have great capabilities, so we’re very excited about it.
Bill DeLaney: Well, we’ve rolled it out to a dozen, Meredith, and we’ve got 70 give or take in the US today. So I would say that 70 would be the target. Obviously that doesn’t include Canada and we’ll deal with that when we get there. The bigger point I think and what we alluded to in my comments was that with the merger on the horizon here we’re going to focus on some updates to the software packages themselves and put together as best we can a cohesive deployment integration plan, factoring in obviously the new facilities and the new businesses that will come in from US. So it’s 70 today and we haven’t determined in totality yet how many operations we’ll have going forward. So it’ll be clearly more than that; it’ll be less than the two together, I can tell you that.
Bill DeLaney: Yeah, Ajay, we actually consciously went to more of a regional focus in the Southwest and then up into the Mountain states, and the original plan was then to do the Mountain market and come back and finish the Southwest. Those early conversions were a little bumpier, we needed some time to go back there and address some issues, that kind of thing. But again, with the merger on the horizon I can’t really tell you.  So on a steady state basis I think you’d find us finished up in those two regions or markets and then we’d go to a third. It’s just, it’s a better way to do these types of things. You get leadership engagement, both the market leadership level and the op cos tend to work together on a lot of things – it just creates more of a team type of approach. So we’ve actually found that to be quite successful and that’s a change we made about a year, year and a half ago. Again, going forward I’m going to defer I think until we get to where we have clear visibility as to what the whole landscape looks like post-merger.
Bill DeLaney: No. We have RDCs, you know, a big RDC in the Northeast and one in Florida so there was some work that we needed to do to prepare for that, but it’s not an impediment, it just needed a little bit more time. There’s no impediments.
Bill DeLaney: I think all it signifies, Ajay, great question, is we see an opportunity to partner with some really quality people in that business and to create a premium product, a value-added product which we believe will create more traction with our sales force and with our customers. So I think you could see us do niche type of investments in the future but that’s an opportunity that came our way and we’re moving forward with it, but I wouldn’t read too much into it.
Bill DeLaney: I think we’ve been able to grow our share consistently year in and year out, so that’s what we do. We think that’s very important but to do it the right way. So our way of going after share is really to become more efficient in everything that we do, to take costs out of our system. It’s one of the big opportunities. We see this merger as very pro-customer, pro-competition; it allows us to take costs out, that kind of thing.  So the way you grow your share ultimately is to take costs out of the system, develop your people, hire better people where you need to and compete as well as you can in terms of the acute pressures in the marketplace, but to also differentiate yourself over the medium- and long-term as well with your products, your services, your business solutions. So we’re always looking to grow but we need to grow profitably both in the short-term and the medium-term.Andrew Wolf – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Bill DeLaney: There’s not a specific target, Erin, you’re right. What we want to do is get the merger closed and then get the integration connected to that, and then we’ll put together a rollout schedule that would incorporate both platforms if you will.
Bill DeLaney: Well, I think you’ve got to start with improving over F2014, so that’s our goal. And as Chris pointed out in his comments we saw that improvement kick in the second half of the year. So we saw 4% here in this quarter so that’s encouraging. There’s some inflation in that like we’ve acknowledged, so I think if we can just show good, steady improvement throughout the year and manage our expenses appropriately we’ll have a successful year.  And as we continue to drive up these initiatives, and these are not just one-time initiatives. These are different ways of doing business. Category management is a different way of selling and marketing and merchandising. Revenue management is a different way of segmenting your customers and trying to approach your customers with the best offerings that we can with the right presentation with the right channel, those types of things. So I would just say to you we’re in the early days of transforming this company in terms of how we need to compete and how we need to support our customers for them to be successful. And that will undergird all of this in terms of our ability to price effectively and manage our costs along the way.
Chris Kreidler: Hi Ed, the only thing I’ll add on the cost per case, your specific question of whether it was up in Q4, it was actually. If you recall a couple of quarters ago when I was commenting about where we are versus our nickel, we were actually pretty far ahead of our nickel per case reduction – I think at the time we were $0.09 or $0.10 down.  And I was telegraphing that while we thought we’d beat the nickel I wasn’t expecting us to maintain the $0.09 or $0.10, and the reason for that is the delivery costs kind of plagued us throughout the year. They continued to be up and we were lapping some of the SG&A benefits that we got from the selling costs and some of the G&A costs as well. So we actually knew that coming into Q4 if we didn’t start to make some headway on the delivery costs that we were probably going ot have a reversal in Q4, which is what happened. So I’ll agree with Bill. I think there are things we can and should be doing and doing better and we continue to work on those, but that’s kind of the color on the cost per case. And the answer on the corporate costs was dead on.
Chris Kreidler: John, that commentary was mainly just to help a little bit with expectations for ’15 and how are we going to look at whether we’re spending too much money on operating expenses or not. We clearly want to grow gross profit dollars as much as we can where as we’ve talked in the last few quarters we’re struggling with a number of things on that front right now and we think we’re seeing some good trends on that front. But in the meantime we’ve always got to control operating expenses. So that’s the governor we’re putting on it – we’re not going to get operating expenses grow faster than gross profit dollars, not in our planning anyway. I think the only other color I’d put on it is as Bill commented, we’ve stood up some capabilities here at corporate and in the field that we think, both new functions and strengthening existing functions, that we think are going to add a lot of value. You take some upfront costs to put those in place and then they’re in your run rate, so the growth rate should diminish over time because those are now built into your run rate.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, the vast majority of those costs is what I’d call professional fees, so between our integration consultants, McKinsey and other third parties that are helping us in each of the different functional areas prepare for the integration, do the planning work for that. There’s just a lot of external cost that goes into that. We also throw into that categorization anybody that is fulltime on the integration project, which is not a large number of people but we make sure that we pull those expenses out as well.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, no, with regards to the ERP project that’s actually a change that we put in place at the beginning of the fiscal year so no, that wasn’t a Q4-only impact.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, I don’t think it’s the right run rate to use for next year. We obviously can’t give you an actual run rate or a percentage number to use. I think you guys have to build something into your models. As I said earlier, we stood up some functionality; we started taking some increased expenses in Q3 and in Q4 for that. You’ll eventually lap that so on a growth basis you won’t see that particular piece of the growth going forward. So that’s part of what occurred in the corporate, and there’s some other stuff that’s in there as well but it’s certainly not a run rate that we expect to continue.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, I’m just trying to think about what I said that would lead to that specific type of question. So we’ve continued to spend on technology. Most of our expenditures on technology have been around the ERP implementation, so within business transformation; and we kind of called out those expenses, and on a kind of like-for-like methodology they were right in line with our guidance of $300 million to $350 million.  We didn’t spend substantially more on technology if you will during F2014 than we expected to spend, so while there’s an uptick there it’s not a sizable uptick. What we’re calling out for ’15 in terms of guidance is there is a little bit more that we anticipate spending for next year. It’s not going to be huge, huge dollars but there’s going to be a little bit more.  As we roll into the new year we’re going to look at perhaps calling out some additional guidance around technology spend in total, that’s something that we’re talking about internally. It’s a big part of our budget. We understand that; we also think it’s a big part of our competitive advantage so it’s something that we may give more color to as we move forward.
Chris Kreidler: You know, Mark, it’s a good question and let me just take it up to maybe 50,000 feet because I think that’s the essence of your question anyway. What I said in my prepared remarks I’ll obviously stick to. The more we get into this, the more work that we do, the more integration planning that we’re able to do especially around value capture the more confident we get that we will be able to meet or exceed the guidance that we’ve already put on the table. We’ll obviously come out with more information when we’re ready but yeah, we’ve gotten quite a bit of confidence as we’ve been into the details.
Chris Kreidler: I’ve got to be careful how I answer that because the term “when you get a decision from the FTC,” I think I’ll answer it this way: once we know that we’re allowed to close the transaction we’ll close it as rapidly as possible, so literally within a very, very short period of time so that we can begin the integration process.
Chris Kreidler: It’s a very good question, Ajay, and I think we could have a robust debate about it. We actually, I believe I’ve been fairly conservative about what goes into those categories. We’re not putting in the cost of a lot of folks that are working a lot on merger integration planning because they also have their fulltime jobs, and so we’re being pretty judicious about what goes in there. Your comment about professional fees, believe me, I wish they were much lower but these types of services and this type of experience comes with a hefty price tag and so we are paying a significant amount of dollars to be prepared.  And while I respect your comment that it doesn’t seem like we’re very far in the process, believe me there’s a regulatory process that occurs in the background and we’re going to continue to say it’s pretty much going as expected. But in the foreground you’re doing a tremendous amount of planning to be ready the day that you close the transaction. And so we’ve had a fairly large group of people allocated into 30 different business functional teams working in each of these areas on how to merge the two companies on day one, how to go after the value capture and synergies, and then how to design their organizations.  There’s been a tremendous amount of work that’s been done and we’ve had external consultancy professionals helping us all along the way. So it’s a tremendous amount of work that’s been done, a lot of hard work by a lot of people that is reflected in these dollars as well as the hours so that when the thing is approved you’re ready to go. Unfortunately you can’t wait for it to be approved and then decide that you’re going to plan for how to integrate the two companies together. It’s something we have to do every day.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, Erin, I’ll take that one. We continue to look at transactions. We’re obviously fairly occupied right now with planning for the merger integration so we don’t have as many resources probably looking at transactions as we would in other quarters, other years. We also, it’s going to be a little difficult to do deals in the US for a little bit of time at least while we get this one approved but we continue to look in our other markets and we continue to look in new markets, and we’re fairly prudent especially if it’s a new market. So they’ll come a little slower. But I’d say we’re still pretty active and still looking for opportunities in other parts of our geographies and new geographies. The second part of your question in terms of expectations, I wouldn’t say that I’ve really seen a marked change in expectations in terms of pricing from call it a year ago. I think there was a time when we talked about it on these calls, where expectations were pretty high given where the macroeconomics were. I think those moderated some. We’ve been able to get a lot of deals done and I think they’ve held in that kind of reasonable range since then.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, we actually plan those differently. So what we typically do is we look at a long-term expectation for sales growth. We’ve said 4% to 6% for a while. We build that up from the standpoint of what do we think real cases are going to grow in the industry, how much more do we think we will grow because we’re typically pretty good at growing faster than the industry; what’s the rate of inflation that should go on top of that; and then does that fall within the 4% to 6% range, yes or no? We still feel good about 4% to 6%, that’s how we build that up. Some of those cases may indeed come from acquisitions when we think about how much more than the industry we can grow so that’s how it gets baked in there. Separately we typically task ourselves with a certain percentage of growth through acquisitions, what we’ll call kind of the smaller, non-US-Food-type-size acquisitions. We’ve traditionally said that we want to grow at least 1% from those types of acquisitions. We haven’t put that guidance out there for next year again because of the pending merger here but we certainly challenge ourselves to hit some internal targets along those lines as well.
Chris Kreidler: Yeah, I’ll just add a little more to that. I mean I’ll pick up on Bill’s comment of early days. We’ve said before that we’ve got two of the waves, the majority of two waves kind of fully into the market at this point of our category management initiatives and we’ve got a lot more waves to come. Now those two that are out there were a lot of dollars but we’ve got a lot more waves to come. And the point of that being that we still have a lot to roll out.  We still have the opportunity to do better and better and we just have to keep working at it. It required some patience on our part to build the teams, build the processes, get it started. We believe we’re starting to see some of those results in the numbers now and we’re hopeful those numbers continue to shine in the numbers every quarter. And that as we’re saying we believe mitigates whatever competitive pressure is out there.
Karen Short – Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. And then in terms of corporate for next year just remind me, is this Q4 the first time that we’ve had this change in the allocation of the expenses in the corporate, because corporate was quite a bit higher in Q4 than what I would have expected.
Karen Short – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So what would have driven the higher corporate specifically this Q4, and then I guess the follow-on is this kind of Q4 run rate the right type of number to use for next year, because obviously if we use that it would be up and would not be consistent with your guidance. I’m just wondering how much higher it could be.
Karen Short – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then just a last question, in the press release that you issued last week with the new positions, I guess there were two positions that stuck out to me at least as being fairly new to Sysco – the Lead of Sysco’s Domestic and International Operations as well as the Lead on End-to-End Supply Chain both joined in 2013. I’m just wondering those obviously seem like fairly significant roles in terms of the combined company – maybe just some color there given that they both joined fairly recently.
