Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Thank you, Joel. I'd like to close with a few final thoughts before we move into Q&A. Sysco went into this crisis in a position of strength, which afforded us the ability to act quickly, reduce costs, ensure liquidity and pivot our business in support of customers. Although it has been a tough operating environment, we have managed well through the crisis, and the exit velocity of the business was positive, as Joel just communicated. Through our new business wins, totaling more than $1 billion since the onset of the pandemic and our continued cost out efforts now totaling more than $350 million for fiscal 2021, Sysco is well positioned for current success and future growth. More importantly, we are confident our transformation initiatives, including digital transformation, sales model, regionalization and expense structure modernization are paving the path for the company's long-term success. As I've said, we are managing the COVID crisis and transforming our company. We will exit this crisis a stronger Sysco, better able to serve our customers and differentiate it from others in our space. I want to close our call today once again by thanking our associates, especially our frontline heroes, who are out there working hard, serving our customers every day. And with that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah, Chris, good morning and thank you for the questions. You've got a couple of them in there. So I'll go through them in order. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the sequential improvement through Q4 was steady. So each week, getting better than the week before, pretty much across the globe, pretty much in all sectors, both suburban and rural and urban. Unfortunately, in the month of July, there was some stagnation. I think that's been pretty well documented by both the restaurant customers we serve and others in our space. The good news is it's not going backward. So as cases are surging in many parts of the globe and states within United States, we are not seeing a backward slide. And recently, we are beginning to see again that incremental sequential week-over-week improvements. We're not going to quote stats for the month of August. But we were improving every week through Q4, we saw a stagnation in July, and we're now seeing, once again, steady improvement in the month of August on a week-on-week basis. As Joel said, from a geographic perspective, I think that's some of the uniqueness of Sysco. Our European operations in Q4 were hit the hardest, they were hit the earliest, and they were the slowest to recover. However, that headwind in Q4 is actually more of a tailwind in Q1, because Europe has done a pretty nice job actually of managing the crisis from a health perspective, and we're seeing very strong improvement. And as Joel communicated from a top line perspective, France being the top-performing country in our entire portfolio right now as essentially restaurants are open for business in its entirety. So, we're monitoring it very closely. We're doing everything within our capability and power to help our restaurant operating customers be successful, providing them extensions on their patios, providing them with takeout to go, et cetera. Your question about rural versus urban, I think your insights there are probably on target. The more rural, the better the performance to prior year has been in urban, but we are seeing improvement in all sectors, including urban sectors. And I'll toss to Joel for the question on, I believe, you're asking about Sysco private brand penetration, and I'll toss it over to Joel to answer that question.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah. Ed, we exited the month of June in the more like the minus 30% range. That's a global number across all lines of business that we've had. And we've seen improvement in August from that starting point, if you will, for Q1 of fiscal 2021. In fact, the most recent week was our strongest week since the beginning of the pandemic. So as I said, there was steady improvement. We exited Q4 at minus 30%. We were stagnated in July, and then we begin to see a weekly improvement since that point in time with the most recent week being our best week. That's where we are at this point. We're not going to get into kind of the business providing weekly guidance for obvious reasons, but we're seeing positive trends in improvement. And another key point that we said in our prepared remarks, we're profitable at a minus 30%, and we are confident that our sales results for fiscal 2021 will be better than that rate. And we're prepared if in fact a worst-case scenario were to occur, and we were forced to have restaurant operators shut down again, we're prepared to handle inventory reductions, expense reductions in a rapid manner, if that were to occur.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Appreciate it. The OpCo model, as we called it, served Sysco well for decades. And there's an entrepreneurial spirit and culture tied to Sysco that grew up from the foundation of this company, which was by families coming together to form a purchasing consortium. So that's how we grew up. It's who we were. We had operating company leaders who, yes, ran the Sysco playbook. But there was a fair amount of independence in entrepreneurial thinking and behavior in regards to how that structure worked. There are strengths tied to that. The disadvantages tied to that though would be it takes longer for Sysco to implement a change, and we wouldn't be as consistent as we wanted to be across the country if we rolled out a new program, a new initiative. With regionalization, we've essentially removed the operating company mentality and moved on to a regional president, who will now supervise multiple physical locations and a single combined sales force across all locations. The benefits that will come from a regionalization approach is a better alignment to the corporate strategy, ability to move faster on implementing change and to be a more consistent version of Sysco. On the risk side, we have some leaders that have departed the organization as a part of that change, and these were hard-working people who cared about the success of Sysco. On the opposite side of that risk would be we've placed, obviously, our top talent into these bigger jobs. And we call it fewer, bigger roles led by our top talent. So what I'm personally confident, because I've done this before multiple times in my career, when you put top talent into bigger roles, they can have a very positive impact on an even broader geography on an even broader set of responsibilities. I do just want to explain with detail one specific upside, which would be to now have our sales force led across physical geographies. We can do a better job of sharing resources across boundaries, being easier to do business with for our larger customers. And net-net, we believe it will accelerate our pace of change.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Nicole, thank you for the question. I just want to come back to one of your key points, which is we, as Sysco, can and will win during this environment. It doesn't necessarily need to come at the loss of a specific competitor so to speak. Some of the key stats that we use to convey these points, we have roughly 30% share of wallet from our independent street customers that we serve today. That is something that we know we can improve. And with just the customers we serve today, we know we can drive increased sales at Sysco. We've also recently changed our sales consultant compensation system to motivate them to go win more local street customer business. We believe we can increase market share through that activity. Today, we're not declaring the amount of net new business at the local level that we are winning because there's a lot of churn and tumult within the independent street customer business that I can come back to later. So we're not quoting those stats on today's call. The $1 billion of net new business that I articulated in my prepared remarks actually did come from the national sales level, some of that business in the SYGMA sector. And the why we're winning business at the national level at an accelerating rate is because the trust that those customers have in Sysco. They have confidence that we will have access to product, including fresh product. They have confidence that we're going to ship on time and in full. And they're moving business away from others over to us because they have confidence that we are here to succeed with them, both during this pandemic and more importantly, afterwards, that they can grow with us. So why I'm confident is we know we can win at the national level for the reasons that I just described, and we have $1 billion of net new wins since Q3, and we know we can win at the local independent street level by increasing share of wallet and winning net new doors at the independent sector level. I'll pause there, Nicole, and come back to you if you have a follow-up.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question. We understand the question. And just to be clear, as Joel said, we are actively pursuing growth in both sectors. I just want to make one important point. Prior to COVID, we, Sysco, were posting our highest case growth in the independent sector in more than 10 years. We were winning share at an accelerating rate. We anticipate that will continue post pandemic, and customers want to eat at independent restaurant customers, farm to table, fresher trends, et cetera, and we're going to win in that space. And it's the most profitable sector. So we aren't shy about the fact that we want to win in that space and that will be our long-term growth strategy. In the meantime, Joel's expression of fish where the fish are, yes, QSR is the best-performing sector at this point in time. And we have the opportunity to go win new business in that space and we will do so.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah, Jeff, thanks for the question. And so what we quoted is our customers, from a closure perspective, are performing better than the industry average. I prefer not to get into quoting those percentages, but it is a factually accurate statement. What we see in the independent space, because this is a really important question, I think there's been some external reports that are embellished as it relates to permanent bankruptcy closures. There's two types of closures that we're seeing right now. We're seeing the temporary closure for the restaurant operator who is struggling with how to succeed in just the takeout and delivery business. We're in active conversations with those customers. And as restrictions ease, they're getting back into the game. And then obviously, there's permanent closures. I think some of the industry reports tied to permanent closures are very elevated. What we anticipate is that there'll be an increase in churn. There will be a timing gap caused by that churn, by those that exit and then those that will actually get back into this business after they've cleared their bankruptcy. But there's an opportunity for us to take share during that environment as well as we increase share of wallet and as we do more new customer prospecting this summer and into the fall than we've ever done before in that 30% share of wallet that I talked about. It is also important, the HEALS Act that's being negotiated. We are optimistic and hopeful that it will get approved because our small business customers would benefit and need help from that Act. And we like the initial drafts of what's being proposed. And we're optimistic and hopeful that the HEALS Act can get approved and assist those small customers. So that's our best way of answering it. We anticipate an elevated amount of churn. We do not see a substantial and significant reduction in the number of doors in the industry for the long-term. And I'll toss it back to you, Jeff, for your follow-up.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah, it's a really good question and I appreciate it. And the why we are bullish about our ability to say that is because we can see the data at a finite level across the globe, by sector, by geography, rural versus urban, et cetera. And here's what I can say with confidence. As the restrictions are removed on the restaurant operator, there's almost an immediate improvement in the results in that sector. And so, we can see very clearly in those places where the easing of restrictions is greater, the data performing substantially better and when they move from a Phase 1 to a 2 or a 3 et cetera, there's an almost immediate pop. The reason that we've stagnated or did stagnate in July, as you know, we paused in most locales, the extension of the easing of restrictions. So that's why the recovery stagnated. But what we're seeing is in August, even with that stagnated level of restrictions, the business is now starting to get better again because consumers want to go out. And so that's my best way of answering the question. Rural versus urban where the restrictions are different, we can very clearly see the difference in the results. And we do know that at some point in time in the future, those restrictions are going to begin to ease. People wear masks and wash their hands and do all the things we're supposed do. You can safely go out to eat. You take out, do delivery and restaurant operators are also getting better at it. Last thing I'd say, our restaurant operators are getting better, doing takeout and delivery. And customers are getting used to using an app to order food, be picked up at a restaurant and then bring it to their home. So it's for those reasons that we have confidence.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah. I'll do the first part, Kelly, and then I'll toss to Joel for margin. But let me make one thing very clear, the comp change was not in any way, shape or form intended to decrease our operating expenses. The comp change was to better align the focus of our sales consultants and the strategy of our company, which is to profitably grow. So the biggest change – and I'd actually prefer not to get into the granular details of our comp structure because it's proprietary confidential and we believe a differentiating item at Sysco versus other places where people can work. But what we've clearly been able to do is create a comp structure that provides our associates with a level of base pay that they need to be able to pay their bills and have a comfortable living and the appropriate incentives that drive their behavior to prospect net new profitable business at a rate that will be greater than the past. However, with that said, the compensation system was informed by and advised by our sales consultants. We asked them what they wanted. We asked them what they felt would be a fair and appropriate method of compensation to address their concerns, address their needs. So to answer your question directly, the feedback and the input from our sales consultants has been extremely positive about this change, but it's changed. And when you introduce change to a large number of people, obviously, communication is important. Change management is important. And we've leaned very, very heavily into the communication and change management efforts tied to this. But we know this is going to help drive improved business performance, and it was not done to reduce operating expenses. I'll toss it over to Joel to talk about the margin comment or question.
Kevin Hourican - Sysco Corp.: Yeah, John, it's a really good question, and I'll just say a couple of important things tied to this. In a host of ways, Canada is a great business for us to test things, try things, and there's a host of examples, regionalization being one. We're doing some work on direct-to-consumer up in Canada to learn a lot about that space right now. We can test marketing concepts in Canada. So it's actually really helpful. It's a business that is reasonably consistent and similar to our US business, and it's a business that we can use as a test laboratory. And our Canadian team wanted to do what I just described, the regionalization, and it's worked very well for Canada. As indicated, they can move more swiftly on rolling out change. They can get to better, quicker alignment on key transformation initiatives. And as Joel said in his prepared remarks, when needed, they can execute on things like expense reductions faster. So a leaner, more efficient, more aligned model. And we believe the US business will benefit for all of those reasons. John, my point two is there's no better time than the middle of a pandemic to make a change like this. And I mean that sincerely, right? So we have a proud 50-plus-year culture that served this company well. We're a very profitable company. We've consistently grown sales and profit. And change like this introduces risk. There's no better time than now to be able to do that. And why I say that is, our team understands the impetus and the need for change. Our leaders are completely aligned with what we're doing, and they're running towards the light as to a better operating model and change management 101. But this COVID crisis, if there's a silver lining in the cloud, the impetus for change and the willingness and the appetite for our leaders to get on board and go in the direction where we're headed, has never been higher, and I believe that will pave a road of success for us as we head to the future.
Joel Todd Grade: Thanks, Kevin. Yeah, Chris, I would suggest that I think the – as in our business, good operators win all the time, and others that struggle – at times struggle. And so, I think the – what you're really seeing there is just the impact of the mix change in the business that is indicative of both the mix between, again, some of the better operators and others that have not managed to survive and then also between the overall business that's obviously growing faster in those areas of QSR, of national accounts, of health care. So I think really, that's the primary impact which you're seeing there from a brand perspective.
Joel Todd Grade: Yeah. So I think the capital spend piece, we certainly, as we indicated, we're going to be much lower than we were the prior year in Q4. And I would anticipate we would continue those trends as we head into the next fiscal year. I think the – at one point, we've talked about the fact that we anticipated our total capital spend to be somewhere in the range of 25% of what we'd call our normalized run rate. And I would anticipate that being more likely than not. We will, of course, continue to evaluate that as the year goes by and conditions change. But again, certainly focused on those urgent projects and those key transformational initiatives that we've talked about.
Joel Todd Grade: You know, there is nothing really major to call out there, Chris, on the D&A side. I mean, I think they're – yeah, there's nothing really significant there to call out.
Joel Todd Grade: Sure. I'll start with that. And a couple points, number one is that the general mix of our business, if you think about it, is about 50:50 when it comes to local and contract. So when you think about the 62% of our business as restaurants, I think that roughly applies. And then again, there's a smaller percentage of that that is the QSR versus the fast casual. So, we haven't specifically given those points out, but that's really how to think about and I think the math that you did is fairly representative of how I would think about that ultimately. I think the question on whether the talk about the shift is really related to this idea of fishing where the fish are. Let me be very clear, we are not – this is not some overall strategic focus that says we're no longer focused on independents. We clearly – that's our bread and butter. That's the things that we do best. That's the business that we support in the most effective way. And so that clearly remains a focus of ours. But during this time of uncertainty where those recoveries may be somewhat slower in that part of the industry, this is really about what I'm doing, I'm (00:53:54) fishing where the fish are and focusing on those areas where we have a right to win in that space, in the QSR space, in some of the other chain businesses. In health care, be another opportunity where I would say is somewhere we'd over index. So that's the perspective I give as it relates to that. Kevin, I don't know if there's anything else you'd like to add there.
Joel Todd Grade: Actually, Kevin, if I could just add one other important point there. I think, Jeffrey, the other point that's really key is the help that we are actually providing to our restaurant customers. I think one of the things that we certainly feel good about are the things that we've done in terms of – Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks, the grocerant, the marketplaces, the product baskets around PPE and sanitizing products. The things we're doing to help assist with the outdoor dining with the to-go containers, et cetera. There's a whole series of things, including web development that we've done to actually help our customers. And actually, we feel good about that. And I think that's part of the reason that we do feel we've had some lower than what we'd call in the industry, so just wanted to add that one point.
Joel Todd Grade: Sure. Kelly, the way I would think about that is this program, as Kevin talked about, is designed to incent profitable growth. What that means to me is continue to drive line item penetration, continue to drive new customers. When you combine that with some of the other things that we've talked about that we'll obviously providing more detail later, such as our pricing tool, some of these things, ultimately, we do believe are things that will not only improve our gross profit dollars, which is really the most important measure, but certainly the growth from a margin percentage and ultimately generating more gross profit dollars. Again, I like percentages. I like dollars more. And I think the way I would think about that is ultimately what this is designed to drive and how I would think about that, Kelly.
