Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Aaron. As we conclude, I'd like to provide a brief summary. First, this quarter included substantial top line momentum and an acceleration of our market share gains. We are winning in the marketplace, and we have confidence that we will continue to win share. With that said, Q2 presented challenges from Omicron on both our top and bottom line. Our sequential volume growth progress stalled post-Thanksgiving and that headwind has continued into January. More importantly, COVID-related staffing disruptions increased our operating expenses for the quarter. As a result, our bottom line results were below our expectations. Second, despite the short-term impact of Omicron on our business, we are confident that we will resume our volume improvement as soon as the variant recedes. And we can see green shoots of progress in February from a volume perspective. As it relates to expenses, we have a management plan to improve our year-to-go operating expenses. We are meaningfully focused on improving associate retention, training and productivity. These activities are a core competency of Sysco and our experienced field leadership team has a plan to deliver improvement for the remainder of the year. Third, we remain confident in the long-term trajectory at Sysco. And as Aaron stated, we are reaffirming our long-term guidance that includes significant sales and EPS growth. Our Recipe for Growth transformation is creating capabilities at Sysco that will help us profitably grow for the long term. The customer-first solutions we are developing will enable us to grow our share profitably and also enable Sysco to be more efficient. There are bright days ahead for Sysco, and I am proud to be part of the journey. Operator, you can now turn it over for questions.
Kevin Hourican: Hi, good morning. Great questions. I'm going to refer you back to our earlier remarks on pieces of that and then provide a couple of additional supplements. What was remarkable to us was the progress we were making up through the Thanksgiving holiday on the top line and indeed against the overall plan. With the onset of Omicron, we start to see the impact on volumes and certainly on our operating expenses. But for the quarter, we incurred $73 million of snapback cost, which is the combination of contract labor, retention bonuses, sign-on bonuses, training, vaccination credits, et cetera. We also incurred more than $40 million on transformation costs. But what's not in those two numbers that I referenced in the script is $40 million of overtime and other productivity impacts driven by both our response, ensuring that we're serving the customer but also then us working with the labor force and transition.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah. Thanks, Aaron. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just as it relates to case volume, one of my comments in the prepared remarks is we had five consecutive sequential months of improvement in case volume growth, which continues Q4 of last fiscal year. Again, we were sequentially improving each and every month, taking market share as evidenced by our slide chart, we're really beginning to pull away from the rest of the market, so winning in aggregate. December was impacted. January was impacted because the restrictions were in place for all of January. We are beginning to see some signs of progress or green shoots in February as restrictions begin to ease, but we're not fully yet back to the pre-Omicron levels. We have 50% restaurant restriction on-premise dining in Canada. We have mandatory work-from-home work orders in France and in the UK. And then in northern urban locations within the United States, still heavy, heavy work from home, which impacts daypart restaurant traffic, as you well know. So we're not quite back to where we were. What we are very confident in is, as the restrictions on our customers ease, vaccine, passports and things like that, mask mandates that impact people's psychology tied to going out. As those things ease, we see fast recovery from our customers and we're prepared from an inventory perspective, we're prepared from a staffing perspective, we're prepared from a service level perspective to be able to serve when our customers are ready, and we expect to continue to pull away from the market from a growth versus the industry perspective. Thanks for the questions. We appreciate it.
Kevin Hourican: Great question, Alex. This is Kevin. Just first and foremost, inventory management, we have perishable products. So as volume declines, we need to be super fast and agile in regards to managing shrink and risks associated with spoilage. We've gotten very good at that. And you can see it in our performance results at just, our inventory management is significantly improved from 2 years ago when COVID first began. The second is in labor strategy, one of the things that, I made the call with full support of our Board back in December when Omicron began impacting, we were not going to furlough associates our staff. That would be a penny-wise, dollar-foolish decision. Pennies that we could save from furloughing staff in December and January, would cost us twice as much as we attempted to restock the bench and bring people back off furlough because in today's labor environment, we furlough someone, they're going to get a job in another industry at another company. So we made that very purposeful choice to not furlough any staff, not a single person over that period of time, December and January. That will pay dividends for our company. My guess would be smaller, less capitalized companies are not fortunate enough to be able to make those types of decisions. In fact, not only did we not furlough anyone, we hired thousands of people in our Q2 and have continued hiring December into January. At this moment in time, we literally have hundreds of drivers in the passenger seat of a truck getting trained on Sysco standards, Sysco processes, and they will be ready to be driving their own truck as the volume recovery begins.  Because keep in mind that there's an entire sector that we serve that isn't yet even back in business sufficiently, and that's what we call business and industry. We had been anticipating that the business and industry sector would have kicked in, in January as most companies were planning a return to work after the holidays. That has not occurred, as you know, and that's future tailwinds to the Sysco recovery as business and industry will begin kicking back in here. It's hard to predict when, but we will be prepared, we'll be ready. Those are just a handful of things that are on the different from March of 2020. And we've gotten pretty agile at dealing with these curveballs. But back to you if you have a follow-up.
Kevin Hourican: We view it as an opportunity to increase this cobrand first factual. Our Sysco brand fill rate and in-stock is exceeding national brand. That's important. Our ability to keep those very profitable products for Sysco in stock is an important priority for us. And the partners that we work with to produce that product, they're doing well. And again, Sysco brand in aggregate has a higher rate of in-stock than national brands. That's point one. Point two, because of inflation being elevated and everybody knows it's currently elevated, Sysco brand has an even bigger punch than it normally would. So we view Sysco brand as an opportunity to save our customers' money with a high-quality product and we are doing a good job with our sales team of introducing customers to products that they perhaps have not purchased before. And we did see progress in fact, 250 basis points of progress from Q1 into Q2 on Sysco brands penetration, and I would view further tailwind in that regard in the coming years.
Kevin Hourican: John, thanks for the questions. Tied to inflation, it's double-digit at this time. As you know, it's been double-digit now for longer than any of us in the industry would like. We have not seen yet a reduction in consumer demand tied to that higher inflation. And it's hard to predict how long that will be able to persist, but we're not seeing elasticity of pricing impact consumer purchasing and that is a positive. It has obviously helped our P&L. In the most recent quarter, as Aaron said, we increased GP dollars per case in each of our reportable segments. So we're doing a good job of passing through inflation. We're also doing a good job of helping our customers find lower cost alternatives. So menu suggestions, narrowing the number of items on the menu, so they can increase their profitability. Portion size, as you know, optimization so that they can keep their ticket on the menu the same and do so from a lower COGS to them. So those things are going well. Protein is even higher than the overall basket of inflation. We need to see progress on supplier availability in protein. It's a priority for Sysco. We are working with our supplier partners in the protein category to work on longer-range forecasts so they have consistency or purchase volume from Sysco, so that they can be efficient in their production. And we are working as hard as we can to find additional sources of supplies in the protein category because we need to bring the protein inflation down. John, that's the number one focus for us from an inflation perspective. As it relates to the second half of your question, which was can we grow faster than 1.5, yes, we're pleased to report today that we are exceeding our goal for this year, which was 1.2%. Prior quarter, we had said we are on track to deliver 1.2. So those words matter. We changed our words from on track to exceed. We are confident we will exceed the 1.2 this year. Our third year goal of our three-year plan, which is fiscal 2024, it remains at this time at 1.5. Do I have confidence we can do better than that? And we'll talk more about that at Investor Day. But we like our strategy. It's winning in the marketplace. If you look at the chart in our prepared remarks, you can see the pulling away from the industry, and I don't anticipate that slowing down.
Kevin Hourican: Jake, it's a good question. I'll answer directly as asked and then I'm going to add one point that we believe is on investors' minds tied to this. First and foremost, scale matters in this industry meaningfully. So, purchasing scale matters so we can get best possible costs so we can share value with our customers. Scale matters from a physicality perspective. So, we have more distribution centers in the United States, our primary country than anyone else, which means our last mile delivery is a shorter route, a more dense route than others. And as we continue to grow, Aaron and I will make appropriate investments in incremental physical capabilities to put us even closer to the customer, which will lower our cost to serve. And you can see the flywheel that comes from the size, breadth and scale of Sysco, and we believe that will become an increasing strength capability over time because of the cash generation of this company and our strong balance sheet, we have the ability to invest in net new facilities to lower that cost to serve last-mile delivery. So, we believe it will be an increasing strength formula for our company. One of the questions that we believe is on investors' minds is, Kevin, aren't you worried about labor costs? Everyone we talked to is talking about labor costs going up. I just want to be clear on this topic. Labor wage rate is immaterial to the cost pressure that we experienced in Q2. I'll repeat that, the labor wage rate was immaterial in our Q2. Our wage -- excuse me, our operating cost pressure in this past quarter, if you had to single it down to like the biggest thing was the percentage of people working for us that are new tied to the hiring and there was more turnover that occurred this past summer than is typical in our industry tied to what some people call that great resignation. So, we are working feverishly on improving associate retention, improvement training of our associates, improving the productivity of our associates. As I mentioned, this is our core competence. This is what we do, and we are confident we will move up the productivity ladder. As Aaron said, that will be more Q4 impactful than Q3 because it takes time. As I mentioned earlier, I gave a decent piece of color. When you started as a driver in our company, you're in the passenger seat for weeks, learning Sysco standards, learning our customer relations interface because that driver is the face of this company and also, of course, learning the challenging type of driving, which is mostly backing up to restaurant locations that our drivers have to do. So those investments we're making will reduce over time, which is why we are confident that we will improve our productivity, which will then begin to flow through to improved EBIT percent margin. So I just want to be clear, labor rate increase is not something that is causing our current operating cost pressure. As you look to the future, will that change? We do anticipate when we do our annual review process that we will have a nominally higher wage rate increase provided to our associates. They work hard. They deserve to be paid fairly and appropriately, and we have productivity improvement efforts that can help offset those types of increases.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Jake, it's a great question. I think I said a couple of quarters ago, we've rehired 100% of people that we furloughed back in March from a supply chain perspective. So we've been fully open for business now for a long time, and we're growing. So we're taking market share. We're winning new customers. Our sales are obviously well above 2019. Our volumes, we anticipate will be back to and then above 2019 in the not-too-distant future. So we've got the open to hire shingle out there. In fact, we're getting much more effective at recruiting for open positions. Our marketing team is getting more sophisticated on how to target applicants, and we're getting better and better at training them. But in the future, to specifically answer your question, Jake, we're actually going to have to go to people from outside this industry, to meet the hiring needs and higher demands that we have. It's why we formed our driver academy. Just a little bit of color on that. We're now live in two physical driver academy locations. Our first CDL class has graduated from our driver academy and we think we're going to have to eat our own cooking, pun intended, where we're going to have to find people who aren't today CDL class drivers, teach them to trade, train them and then have them work for a long time for Sysco. And again, that's an example of size and scale matter. We pay people to participate in that program; whereas today, if you were an average person wanting to become a driver and you enter driver school, you actually have to pay the driver school. So think about that flip, from having to go, from having to pay to attend and lose time working, to we actually pay you to attend the Sysco Driver Academy, and we're bullish about that and expanding that opportunity across the country. Thank you for the questions.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. The green shoot comment that I made was actually tied to cases -- excuse me, case volume, therefore, and sales beginning to improve. That's what that comment was tied to. As restrictions begin to ease, Canada just in February has relaxed. They still have a very onerous restriction in place, which is a 50% on-prem dining, but it was like literally restaurants were closed in Canada. In the GTA, Greater Toronto area, in Quebec province, you couldn't eat in a restaurant for the month of January. So those restrictions that began easing. In the UK and France, the restrictions have been very heavy, mandatory work-from-home. We're seeing restrictions ease there and the green shoot comment was tied to as those restrictions ease, we can see a recovery of the business and a return of volume. And then in the US, I didn't give this color commentary. The Southern one-third of the United States continues to perform very well. The headwind in the US is in the urban centers in the north, and we anticipate recovery being made in those environments as, again, restrictions in these -- that's mostly a city mayor decision as the restrictions they're putting on customers ease. Point two, that -- where else will progress come from? So we do expect volume and sales to make progress in Q3 and certainly into Q4. But operating expenses, we have a plan. We have a management action plan to address our operating expenses. It's a five-part plan. I'll cover three quickly, and then I'll toss to Aaron, who’ll cover two. First and foremost it’s about retention, training and productivity. We need to move the new hires up the productivity curve, and we are maniacally focused on improving that new hire productivity. Topic two is transportation efficiency. There's Golden Nam Hills, we like to say on ensuring that the trucks are being routed most optimally. There's work we can do. It's pick and shovel work to ensure that our transportation efficiency is operating at the highest level. The third is Sysco brand. The question that came up earlier in today's conversation from Alex. We are making progress in Sysco brand. It will be a big focus in the year to go, and we anticipate profit improvement in the year to go tied to increasing penetration of Sysco brand. And then I'll toss to Aaron for the two other topics we're addressing. Aaron, over to you.
Kevin Hourican: I appreciate the question. Let me offer some perspective. Everything we have said we are going to do, we are doing. What has changed is the environment in which we're operating, right? And so while we got out of the box early at the end of fiscal 2021, working on aggressive cost-out efforts and working on GP sourcing efforts, right? The visibility of those things in the P&L has been impacted by the environment in which we're operating. So we do have strong confidence in our long-term guidance. We have visibility to the actions that we had planned to take internally on cost out and gross profit recovery actions. And we aren't backing away from those. And those efforts aren't slowing down. If anything, they're actually accelerating. So while, I'm going to refer you back to my earlier comments about the back half guidance and what the short-term environment means for us. Kevin and I and the entire management team are locked hands, and we're going to deliver on fiscal '24 of being at or above our all-time EPS high from fiscal 2019.
Kevin Hourican: John, that's a really terrific question. Let me just go back to this health of the customer component. If we go back to the beginning of COVID, fast food QSR drive-through meaningful share winner. And you could see that in our SYGMA reportable segment for last year, SYGMA had a record year in both top line and bottom line. In part because SYGMA indexes towards obviously serving that customer type. That was year one of COVID. Year two of COVID, the big winners are the sophisticated restaurant chains that have a digital app that allows to go ordering, that allows paperless, contactless payment, I meant just frictionless ease of purchase and really loyalty. One of the things we're working on at Sysco is personalization. Well, there are select retailers -- excuse me, restaurants, I won't name the names of them that are pretty fantastic loyalty program that prompt their customers to buy more from them and come back to their restaurants more often. Those are the big winners at this point in time. As it relates to Sysco and how we can help the mom and pop. This is the sweet spot of who we are? So we are helping independent restaurants, figure out how to connect to a delivery partner. We help them with a creation of a mobile version of their venue so that customers can shop remotely and pick up or take out and also, we're helping them with things like contactless payment in the restaurant. So we have the largest sales force in the industry, and that literally is what they do. They don't just sell food. They consult with mom-and-pops to help them compete more effectively with some of the larger companies. And we believe that will earn loyalty to Sysco over time. We believe that will increase Sysco's stickiness. And I refer you back to the chart in our slide deck that talked about the percentage of Sysco customers now buying just from us and then the percentage of customers that weren't previously buying from us in both of those indices are improving steadily. So we're confident in the long term of the mom-and-pop independents. There are many of them out there, and we can help them succeed. And we believe that Sysco's independent customers are going to outperform the mom-and-pop that does not partner with Sysco. In fact, we've got data that shows that, in fact, is the case and our sales reps use that in their selling process. Point two, is well inflation more negatively impact mom-and-pops. I would say yes, but then I would call it back to the Sysco thesis. And why does the national chain perhaps have more mitigating buffering? Many of them have long-term supplier contracts with fixed pricing and/or scales tied to inflation and the mom-and-pop has less of that. But that's what we are. We are essentially their purchasing agent. We are pushing back hard on cost increases, as I mentioned in one of the earlier questions from the other, John, is what are we doing about this inflation component. We are working aggressively to find alternative suppliers, alternative items, lower cost items that could be substituted too. And again, that's what motivates us at Sysco is to serve that mom-and-pop. And we've got a lot of good things happening to help them with their inflation, which includes Sysco Brand and our mom-pop restaurant customers love Sysco brand for the fact that it saves them time and saves them money and we anticipate making progress in that regard as well.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Mark, it's holding true. So in fact, we're continuing to make progress. We kind of pivoted on how we reported it this quarter. The answer to your question is, yes, it's holding true. This quarter, we chose to provide you even more color by putting a chart in our prepared remarks that shows the percent of customers buying unique from us going up and then the percentage you do not buy from us going down. You put those two together, and it's resulting in the number of unique doors that we're serving continues to go up. And I would say the bankruptcy rate of independent customers continues to be lower than what many had predicted. And I think mom-and-pop operators, they see a light at the end of the tunnel and they're prepared to benefit from an industry recovery that's still in front of us.
Kevin Hourican: Hey, Mark, I appreciate the question. I would just kind of call back to my answer to one of the previous questions, which is that size and scale matter and have become even more important in this COVID environment. Supply chain resiliency is the newest buzzword if you think about places like World Economic Forum and what our CEO is talking about, it used to be supply chain agility and -- people now are talking about supply chain resiliency that you can weather storms of environmental conditions, political unrest and then things like this, which is a healthcare tied topic. So size and scale matter meaningfully when you're talking supply chain resiliency. We have the inventory to be able to support our customers as they recover. Aaron and I have invested to ensure that we have more inventory on hand at the present time than we did pre-COVID. We also are investing in labor, as I mentioned earlier, and some less strong balance sheet and income statement competitors of ours aren't able to do that. They're holding on to get through, and we're hiring thousands of people, while Omicron is in our midst and that's intentional. And yes, it impacted our operating expenses in Q2, but it will position us to be able to serve our customers in a proper way, win new business. In that business, we intend to keep forever. So, those are our ambitions. We are confident in our ability to do so. and yes, size and scale matter. Last comment for me is digital before I toss to Aaron. One of our transformation investments is to improve our digital capabilities. So, modern pricing software, substantial improvements to our website. We've made substantial improvements to our sales force guiding tool, which we call Salesforce 360, which literally guides the sales rep on what the job to be done is at that restaurant on that given visit. We've made substantial improvements to that tool, which have increased our sales consultant success rate on penetrating new cases and winning new lines of business with existing customers. So, those types of investments, which are not immaterial, as Aaron quoted on the call today, $44 million worth of investments in those types of capabilities, we're going to distance ourselves from those that we compete with. Cost, Aaron, for additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Just one thing to add. It really is a good question, Lauren. I want to be clear on something that might not be obvious outside our company. There are certain customer types where our transaction with them is purely through the purchase of the food and how much the food costs. So Aaron just described that very well. And we're doing a good job in that regard for that customer type. We also have other customers that we transact from a fee per case basis. And it's in those contracts that -- there are times are provisions for food cost increases, but when our operating cost increase, like they did in the most recent quarter, that's where we get pinched. And we are working aggressively on that. In fact, our SYGMA sector -- excuse me, SYGMA reporting segment, our operating cost increased in SYGMA in the most recent quarter tied to the same reasons that I described earlier. We've got a plan to meaningfully improve the productivity within SYGMA, as our staffing is improving. And also, we are looking at the long-term contracts that we have in those types of fee-per-case arrangements, so that we have fairness and partnership with the customers that we work with in that reporting segment. So I hope that gives you some color where it's item price, yes, we can do what you described. And if it's a deeper case, it's actually a conversation with our customers and that partnership, long-term relationship management that I referenced a second ago.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Brian, terrific question. I hinted at this a little bit ago. We have two primary sectors that are still down meaningfully. We're not going to quote a percentage, but I'll say it down meaningfully and that's business and industry, and we're the leading food provider in that space. So we partner with foodservice management companies, and we are the primary distributor to those companies for offices, catering and the rest. So that sector is still down meaningfully. We had anticipated that, that sector was going to really kick in, in January, and that did not occur. Most companies are still currently working from home. Most companies have actually stopped trying to predict when they’re going to go back to working from the office. But we do anticipate progress being made in the year to go, but it’d be slower progress than we thought. On the optimist longer-term view, it's additional tailwind fuel at Sysco. And what we've said is, we'd be getting to flat volume to 2019 kind of inclusive of our current business performance and trends that got delayed because of Omicron, as Aaron said very well in his prepared remarks. But we have tailwinds still in front of us on that business and industry. And the second is travel and hospitality. Again, we are a very large player in the travel and hospitality space. Business travel currently down significantly. Leisure travel performed quite well last summer. We anticipate this summer will be a very strong leisure travel summer. But business travel conferences and the like that drives a big portion of that business isn't meaningfully recovered yet, and that will also be a further tailwind for us into the future.
Kevin Hourican: Hey, Brian, that's a great question. I love it. Today, I chose to focus on Sysco, your way and Italian cuisine, just to keep my prepared remarks short, but we've got progress happening on all five elements of our recipe for growth. And for sure, we're making meaningful progress in personalization. It starts with data. Treasure troves of data of purchasing patterns and purchasing behavior and that data is now in the cloud. We've got machine learning and artificial intelligence technology going against that data to provide customers with offers that are unique to them, and those offers are now showing up through our Sysco shop platform. And the customer almost doesn't even know that it's happening. And that's what's brilliant about end of one personalization. And when we say one, I mean, each specific customer getting an offer that's unique for them. I can assure you we're the only food service distributor that is doing that. The second point, though, is our sales rep activation, which I mentioned briefly a moment ago. We've got the best trained sales team in the industry, and they are experts in food. These are chefs. These are former restaurant owners. We're now though teeing up for them, hey, as you're heading into the Bar & Grill on Main Street, this is specifically what they haven't been buying from us. Here's an offer specific for you for today only that you can talk to that customer about. There's a sample that will be on the next truck. There's a Sysco brand selling opportunity to save them money. And just the power of that data being provided to our sales reps and also to the customer through Sysco shop, it's going to increase penetration with existing customers, which is the best way to improve profitability for a distributor like us, but it's also going to enable us to win new business. As it relates to Sysco shop now being able to provide pricing at the item level for someone even before they have begun ordering from Sysco. That's a first for us. Tied to your customer adoption question, that's a very good one. In the future, we will talk to you about our loyalty program. It's called Sysco Perks. That is an actual loyalty program that we are enrolling people into and today, I'm not prepared to give an update on that endeavor other than the pilot is going well, and more to come at a future update on the expansion plans of that pilot.
Kevin Hourican: Kelly, thanks. We're not going to quote a year ago hiring number. That's not something that we're going to do here. Aaron provided an outlook, I just reference you to the outlook that he provided. As it relates to the wage pressure, we were pretty clear today to talk about that's not actually material and should not be something that is concerning as it relates to our long-term expense algorithm. We do anticipate this summer that it will be elevated versus our norm, but it's an amount that will be manageable in our ecosystem. We've got compelling projects that we're working on to improve driver productivity. We're purchasing a piece of material handling equipment that we are equipping our drivers to use on their routes that help them with managing their days, and those are the types of things that we're talking about. So again, our expense pressure that we've experienced in the most recent quarter are the things that we described with wage increase not being material.
Kevin Hourican: Kelly, it's a really good question. And it's obviously, I'm going to keep private between us and our key customers and suppliers, the contract negotiations that we have and the relationship discussions that we have. But I would say the following: we are appreciated even more now than ever before tied to our size, scale, our ability to ship on time and in full. You can infer what that means vis-à-vis contracting language, but we are appreciated even more now than ever before. There is a scarcity of supply. There is a lack of ship on time and ship in full capacity on the market right now. And we're not going to 'take advantage of that.' That's not who we are as a company because we look at long-term partnerships and relationships. But we're going to have fair and balanced contracts with the people we do business with, and Sysco has appreciated more now than probably ever before. Hopefully, that was clear.
Aaron Alt: John, good morning. It's Aaron. I really like your question because like you, we are very focused on the long-term. And we were purposeful in reaffirming our 2024 guidance. We believe it, we can see it, right? And we're going to get there. And I would take you back to something I said at our Investor Day back in May, which was the opportunity is everywhere at Sysco and what I would describe it now is progress is everywhere at Sysco. And we're going to get through the current volatility driven by Omicron. I'm quite pleased with what I'm seeing from a disciplined perspective in the business, and we are putting all the pieces in place so that by the time we get to 2024, we're talking about the upside, right? But for the moment, we have to stay focused on getting through Omicron getting through the quarter, getting through the half, but we are quite confident in the future.
Aaron Alt: Thanks, Kevin. Of equal importance are our progress against COGS. We have opportunities to source better. Our strategic sourcing efforts are gathering steam, and we're bullish on where that will take us over time. And then, of course, being relentless on cost out and accelerating our efforts and frankly, finding new projects. We have a big goal out there from May. We are accelerating that goal, trying to bring the goodness forward to help us offset what we've been experiencing over the last couple of quarters. I do want to cross out one modeling point just for clarification. I want to point out to those who are working in their models that January is a seasonal low for us, even in the absence of Omicron, right? And so while the green shoot you're hearing us talk about green shoots, those are largely coming in February and beyond.
Aaron Alt: We are continuing to see elevated levels of inflation. And as much as I would like to call when the down point will be impossible for us to do. And so we are assuming elevated inflation through the rest of the fiscal year, if modestly down in Q4 versus Q3.
Aaron Alt: Kevin, I just want to ladder back to one of our earlier answers, which is this is why we're confident in our long-term guidance because we are willing to support the customer now, right? Short-term, it will have an impact on profit, but we're doing the right things by the customer when they need us while investing for the long-term, and this is going to be part of the ecosystem and the algorithm we build to meet or exceed that guidance for 2024.
Aaron Alt: Sure. Great question. So, of course, I haven't provided you with fiscal 2023 guidance, so I'm not going to do so today. We're going to get through the back half of this year and then we're going to work towards the long-term guidance. That important qualifier aside a couple of observations. The first is that the snapback costs we're calling out, they're transitory, short term are onetime in nature. And so we do not expect those to be long-term or even medium term increases to our capital structure, and I want to emphasize our cost structure. And when I emphasize -- I want to emphasize something Kevin said earlier, which is wage rate increase increases are immaterial to our current results. And so there's not a -- those don't include structural changes, so to speak. With respect to our transformation investments, we do -- we will continue to invest against the transformation -- and we'll provide more clarity on what that looks like in 2023 when we get to 2023 guidance. Important caveat, though, I think I've said before, let me say it again now, our -- we will continue to invest in the transformation and in the back half, assumed in our guidance is that the transformation OpEx investments will be at or above where they were in Q2.
