Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Aaron. As we conclude, I'd like to provide a brief summary on Slide 20. Sysco already is the industry leader from an EBITDA margin perspective. You've heard me say this before, but we are now taking that robust foundation as the market leader in creating a growth company. Our financial performance this quarter reflects three key points: first, our volume grew 18.8% in U.S. Broadline compared to last year, and we significantly exceeded our market share target; second, we improved operations expenses, reducing snapback costs by more than 50% while continuing our transformation efforts; and third, we generated strong profit performance despite a dynamic operating environment. Turning to Slide 21. These recent results are also consistent with our long-term plans. We are generating substantial top line momentum and accelerating market share gains. Our Recipe for Growth transformation is creating capabilities at Sysco that will help us profitably grow for the long term and further build on our competitive scale advantages. Sysco's strength of income statement and balance sheet have enabled us to continue advancing our strategy during a difficult operating environment while also rewarding our long-term shareholders with disciplined dividend growth and share repurchases. Lastly, we are committed to both our long-term financial outlook, which includes significant sales and EPS growth and returning value to shareholders along the way. There are bright days ahead for Sysco, and I am both excited and proud to be a part of the journey. As always, I'd like to thank all of our Sysco associates for the dedication they display to our customers each and every day. Operator, you can now turn over the line for questions.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Kevin. Just I'd say two things. First is the how is it happening and then I'd say from where. The how is from two things. Our supply chain is performing stronger or better than the industry. And on a daily basis, we have customers coming to us asking for Sysco to become their new preferred supplier. So that implies, obviously, new customer acquisition, new customer growth. The second is the Recipe for Growth and our expectations for its capabilities to create market share capture with the existing customers. We had planned for it. It was a part of our budget for this year, and the Recipe for Growth is delivering. And that is the penetration opportunity. I mentioned on today's prepared remarks the tools that our sales consultants are now able to leverage and use to improve the effectiveness of a visit to a customer. We call it the next best action for that day's visit with that specific customer. They've got clear jobs to be done, and the data and the tools that are now available to them through our technology teams have driven significant performance. So mathematically, where it's coming from, it's a combination of accelerating new customer capture. We posted another very strong quarter of new customer wins and increasing penetration with existing customers through our Recipe for Growth. I think Aaron wants to make a comment as well. Over to you.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Thank you, Lauren, for the question. I think consumers are concerned about inflation, and you can't read the paper and watch TV and not understand that high cost of fuel is on people's minds. We're not seeing a slowdown in demand. That's the good news and a headline from today. We're not seeing an impact to our food-away-from-home business. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do cover the entire spectrum of food-away-from-home across all price points: industrial needs, travel, hospitality, business industry and obviously, all restaurant forms and types. So we're a bit more diversified than others and I think that provides us some advantage. And I called out on the prepared remarks, food-away-from-home pricing relative to food-at-home pricing, which I believe is on Slide 6 in our presentation, is actually advantageous to Sysco at this period of time. You hit the nail on the head though, which is the pricing tool that we have, we're better positioned to be able to be, as Aaron said in his comments, right on price. What we mean by that is that we're not going to be too high and we're not going to be too low. We're not going to use price as a strategic lever to win share. That is, what we believe, a non-sustainable strategy and not something that we're interested in doing. We want to be right on price. So as inflation is occurring, we're able to leverage the technology to ensure that we're passing through the inflation at an appropriate level. And when we make improvements on our cost structure through cost of goods sold improvement, we can share in that savings with our customers, again leveraging that same technology. So what we say internally at Sysco is there's no better time than the current hyperinflationary environment to have a strategic pricing tool, and we're leveraging it to our advantage.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Alex, it's Kevin. I'll take that one. Thanks for the question. Just a quick commentary about International. We're pleased with International. $265 million of year-over-year profit swing is notable. We're making progress not just as an entire group but individually by country. We have a strong strategy in place. We have a strategy by country. And we have advanced capabilities in our international businesses that make those countries look and feel more like our U.S. Sysco business. So modern website, bringing pricing capabilities, bringing Sysco brand to select countries, improving our selling process. These are the fundamental building blocks that is creating the opportunity in the countries with which we compete in to, again, look and feel more like Sysco U.S. We've got leading number 1 market share in three of the countries internationally that we compete within, and we're confident that we can continue to make progress internationally. The change in leadership had absolutely nothing to do with business results, hard stop. It had absolutely nothing to do with strategic misalignment, completely aligned on the strategy of international where we're headed, where we're going. I'm very pleased with the performance results and I'm really pleased with the strategy. It was a personal matter, and we're not going to make comments publicly on a call about a personal matter.
Kevin Hourican: Thank you for the question. I'm actually just going to bridge everyone back to kind of the thesis of Sysco and why we have such confidence in the long-term growth potential of the Company. And at our May 20, 2021 earnings day, we talked about three numbers, 16% market share. We talked about 30% share of wallet and we talked about 50% of doors covered by Sysco in the restaurant space. Good news is the first number has already moved up. We're at 17% share from the most recent calendar year. We anticipate that we'll continue to make progress in that regard. And it's our Recipe for Growth strategy that will enable progress on the other two numbers, which drive the market share, which is increased penetration with existing customers and the continued pursuit of net new customers. And it's at both ends. And I'm not giving you a cop-out answer. I'm just being completely transparent and honest. We are doing more new customer prospecting than in our past, and we are successfully moving new customers up the profitability curve over time. So when we onboard them, you win X percentage of their business, and then we do what we call sell around the room, which is we penetrate additional categories. So we're having a lot of success on winning new customers. The fact that we remain the only foodservice distributor without an order minimum has helped us attract thousands of new customers. And then again, we penetrate further with those customers by selling around the room to move those customers up the profitability curve. And then the tools that I referenced on today's call that help our sales force are enabling us to win more cases and penetrate further with existing lines. So it's a both end answer. One is not more important than the other. We believe that we can significantly increase the number of restaurants that we serve and we can penetrate further. And not to repeat another point I made on the call, but the reason we converted to the six-day full delivery model is to create more flex capacity and more throughput capacity on any individual given week, which will enable us to increase the number of customers that we serve profitably.
Kevin Hourican: It's Kevin. Thanks for the question. Yes, the beginning of Q3 was tough, given Omicron, and I think we did a good job of explaining that on our last earnings call. This is what we were experiencing. The impact of Omicron was felt through the material part of February. March was strong. It really recovered quicker than what we had been modeling and expecting. And also, I just don't want to lose the point. We had our highest growth versus the market in that quarter than we've been able to produce thus far. We're sequentially increasing our performance versus the market and also, the market performed nicely at the end of the last quarter. Here's my statement on April. We did not make a specific comment on the call tied to April, but we are seeing continued momentum in April. We're seeing strong demand across our business segments and across geographies, including international, and we're bullish on Q4 as evidenced by what Aaron communicated to you all today.
Kevin Hourican: Jake, it's Kevin. It's a good question. I'll just start it and then I'll toss to Aaron for any comment. This is a question that I know is on people's minds, which is the impact of inflation on the end consumer and will they choose to go out to eat less often than they had been recently. And I would say two things. One, we're seeing continued momentum in consumer demand across our business segments that we serve. So that's notable and important. If that were to moderate, my second point that I would bring you to is what I just said a few moments ago, we have "only" 17% share of a very large business. So even in a business that begins to perhaps moderate, that does not mean that Sysco needs to be moderating. We can actually take increased share at a point in time when the market itself is perhaps not growing as robustly. And I'll just call you back to Slide 5 in our presentation materials. Food-away-from-home is increasingly popular for end consumers. If you look at it across the decades that are shown on this chart, it's pretty stark actually on how important food-away-from-home is. There's obviously the large disruption that occurred in March of 2020 when people were told to go home and stay home, but it's fully recovered. Look at the intersection of the lines, food-away-from-home is now, once again, more than the purchases for food-at-home. And then on the chart right below it on Slide 6, pricing in the retail grocery environment is such that food-away-from-home is price favorable versus historical trends. So put all that together, we believe that we, Sysco, will continue to grow. If the marketplace itself is a little softer, we have the opportunity to take share, grow share. Specific to your question about investments and would we pump the brakes, I'll toss to Aaron.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, I'll just add one thing. Just something like a fuel surcharge, that's not a profit accretion for our company. That's just the cost offset, which I know you know. But the effort that Judy Sansone, our Chief Commercial Officer, is driving, we have a major, major strategic sourcing effort underway at Sysco, which helps us improve our cost of goods sold inbound to us. We're very pleased with the work that Judy is doing and the team that she leads is delivering good outcomes. It's hard to actually delineate specifically for you on this call the portion of our goodness, as Aaron says, tied to that versus inflation, and that's just the level of detail that we're not going to go into. But we have a major strategic sourcing effort underway. It is improving our COGS, and, therefore, obviously showing up in our positive GP performance.
Kevin Hourican: Fill rates from Sysco outbound to our customers improved in the most recent quarter, and it's visible and measurable through both our internal data and also the net promoter scores that we track on a real-time basis, us versus competition. So we are outperforming the market in average. We improved in the quarter. It's coming from two actions. Our suppliers are beginning to improve. It's still meaningfully down versus historical standards, supplier inbound fill rate to Sysco, but it is beginning to improve. And Ed, we're doing an even better job at managing what we call subs and outs, substitutions and out-of-stocks. Our website improving to communicate more upfront to our customers options they have when an item is out of stock. And our sales reps and our merchandising teams are doing very good work to partner with customers in an environment where a specific item is out of stock. There's plenty of food. There's plenty of food available. It's about individual items being out of stock at moments in time, and Sysco working proactively with our customers to be able to serve their needs with something that meets the needs of their menu. So, we're doing a better job in this most recent quarter at that, and we expect continued improvement into Q4 and into our fiscal 2023. As it relates to the overall environmental conditions, our staffing health has improved. It continues to steadily improve. We're not out of the woods. We still have work to do but we're making progress. And then your point about things like maintenance of equipment, yes, shortages are impacting all forms of supply chains, not just food. So access to parts is a challenge and access to new equipment is a challenge. Interestingly, we're doing better work in that regard to centralize that activity at Sysco, to have a better control over parts inventory and purchasing of equipment. And I would emphasize one important point there. Our size and scale can enable us to have preferred advantage with manufacturers who are on limited allocation, and we'll be at the front of the line for equipment. In fact, Aaron and I have preapproved and preordered equipment to support the Recipe for Growth.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Jeff, thank you for the question. It's Kevin. I'll just -- two points here. We're not exposed from a sales perspective was Aaron's main point to what's happening in Eastern Europe because we're not domiciled there, right? We don't have actual business in those countries. So unlike other companies that are international, we're not exposed in that regard. We had purchased product previously from Russia, and we're no longer purchasing product from Russia, and we've been able to move to alternative sources of supply, mostly in seafood. And that was the work we needed to do was to get alternative product from alternative countries to be able to support the needs of our customers. As it relates to is Western Europe feeling the impact of the war, Ukraine is the bread basket of Europe. Sunflower oils and grains are produced there. You can get product -- we, Sysco, are able to get product. What it's had is an impact on inflation in those countries. Interestingly, those countries were behind the U.S. from an inflation perspective. So what's happening in Europe right now is an increase in inflation, but frankly, it's just catching up to the inflation that was already visible in the United States. And we're managing it well. We're managing the pass-through of that inflation, Jeff, well in our International segment. So that kind of bundles in macroeconomic environment, what's happening, what's happening is inflation increasing in Europe, point two, though, is this consumer demand. We are not seeing a decrease in consumer demand in our international geographies. And I'd just remind everyone, and I think Aaron did a good job in his prepared remarks of reminding everyone, international was hit earlier. It was hit harder and international has been slower to recover. So we see our international business as a tailwind in Q4 and into fiscal '23 because there's still much more recovery in front of us, international, relative to the U.S. business. So continued progress in international month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, and we see anticipated additional recovery happening in international.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Great question, and they're two very different things. The no order minimum can be measured through net promoter score satisfaction of our customers with Sysco and our ability to acquire and win net new customers. And I tried to mention a moment ago, and the only downside of that would be is if we're not moving customers up the profitability ladder over time by selling around the room, we would address that. And I mentioned, I'll repeat it. We're doing a very good job of selling around the room and increasing the net profitability of acquired customers by increasing penetration after we've acquired them. So we're really pleased with the no order minimum policy. We think having an order minimum is not a great customer policy. We need to be there for our customers when they need us, how they need us, and we don't anticipate making structural changes in that regard. The six-day workweek makes us more efficient. That's not an increase in cost to Sysco. That's actually increasing Sysco's cost efficiency by leveraging our physical assets to a greater degree. A truck going out of six days is a good thing, not a bad thing. So it leverages our capability. And what it also provides is, as I mentioned, increased flexibility for any individual, singular day, and we can continue to go out and win net new business because of the incremental capacity that we have provided. The big transition was for our workforce. And as I mentioned, we've converted that incredibly important population of ours to a four-day workweek. And what's really important is when we need them then to work overtime, they're working a fifth day voluntarily, which is much easier for someone to do than when they're asked to come in on a sixth day. It's just better for their life. Though their scheduled normal workweek is four days and when we need them for overtime, they work fifth. And obviously, there's overlapping schedules between Team A, Team B, et cetera, et cetera, to fill out the full six-day workweek. So our customers are going to see more consistent on-time deliveries. We've increased our flexibility. We've increased our capacity and we can do it more cost effectively. Those are the reasons why we did it. But it's a change that's challenging to do, and we've got it in the rearview mirror.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, just to put a bow around that last part, and since I said earlier, we're not using price as the lever to win new business. The fact that we're growing our business by more than 1.2x the market, Kelly, implies the volume is equivalent to that. There's a strong correlation between the volume trend and the sales trend, us versus others. So that's my best color in that regard. The only thing additional beyond that is we're winning big in specialty. Our produce business, our specialty meat business, we are doing very well. And I call your attention to the higher margin rates from those businesses. So specialty is a growth focus for Sysco. We're winning in Broadline. We're taking market share in Broadline and we are accelerating our momentum in specialty. And the fact that we closed on the Coastal Companies acquisition in the last quarter is a harbinger of good things to come even further in the high-growth, higher-margin produce business because that will pay dividend from a growth perspective for many years to come.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Kelly, it's a very good question. I think over time, supply chains will stabilize and improve, and the contribution of benefit to Sysco will decrease over time as the market improves. But very importantly, at the exact same time, our Recipe for Growth is advancing and the capabilities that we're building will have a bigger, more meaningful impact. And I'd just call your attention to the guidance that we provided in May of last year. We said we would accelerate our performance versus the market. This year's stated goal was 1.2x. We're doing much better than that. In the third year of our three-year plan, which was fiscal '24, we said we would grow at 1.5x and we are confident in our ability to do that. The contribution of where that market share capture comes from in our forward-facing years will be less weakness of others, it will be more strength from Sysco.
Kevin Hourican: John, thank you for the question. This is Kevin. Just I think one of the points that sometimes people forget about Sysco is that we have the, by far, largest sales force in the industry. It is a vibrant, strong, capable group of people who are culinary experts. So these are chefs, these are ex-restaurant owners, they are culinary school grads, and they are absolutely pros. And we have the highest net satisfaction rate of the sales force versus the industry, and we do not intend to reduce the size of that sales force. We intend to increase their productivity through the digital tools I mentioned. But this topic that you just brought up, which is what's happening with food trends is exactly what our sales force does. They call upon customers. They go to the restaurant. They spend time in the back room of the kitchen. They talk about food trends to educate customers on things that are happening. And yes, there is a movement towards, because of labor shortages in restaurants, more available product upstream preparation and the like, and no one is better prepared to be able to drive and leverage trends like that than Sysco. Our cutting-edge solutions brand, which falls under Sysco brand, is doing just that. And we're bringing product to our customers oftentimes exclusive for a period of time to enable them to take work out of the kitchen but have incredibly high-quality taste and consistency on the plate. There's nobody better positioned than us to be able to leverage those types of trends and capabilities, including those kitchens, which I get asked about all the time, are ghost kitchens are bad for Sysco? Not at all because guess what, ghost kitchens order food, and there's absolutely no reason why we can't over-index in our ability to serve those customers. Many ghost kitchens are actually a full-fledged kitchen for a restaurant, which actually is good for Sysco because it increases our drop size of the delivery to that door.
Kevin Hourican: I wouldn't use the word significant. I would say acceleration because the product has to meet the desires of the consumer and the chef. I'd say acceleration, not a significant acceleration.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, I'll start that. It's a great question. I gave a good example of technology deployment on today's call, which is the turbo-charging of the capability of the sales rep by teeing up on a silver platter for them the next best action for that day's visit that is using data, deep troves of purchasing data to provide a suggestion to the sales rep on something the customer will be interested in and then pre-approving for them an offer that is financially good for Sysco that would be beneficial for the customer. It's a game-changer. Our sales reps are excellent at building strong relationships with customers and they are experts in food. But what we're now providing them is an N-of-1 personalization for each and every customer on something that we know will be desired by the customer and an offer that will be compelling, again, financially for us and also for that customer. So that's a great example. We're making meaningful progress on our website improvement, which is the ordering platform, our digital ordering platform, which I want to be clear is not just a desktop. It's a mobile version. We have click-to-order through e-mails now where we can send an e-mail to a customer with an offer and/or with a suggested order. And with one click of one button, we will ship that product to them. They don't even have to go to an ordering platform. These are what we call removing points of friction, tools and capabilities, leveraging modern technology. We talked about pricing a lot. I don't need to repeat that. What we're working on now is supply chain improvement technology. We want to make the work that our supply chain associates do easier to do. And by making that work easier to do, it will improve the satisfaction of our associates for the job, will help us drive improved associate retention, which will drive improved productivity for Sysco. So without getting into the specifics on today's call for both our warehouse associates and for our drivers, we're making meaningful investments in the technology that those associates interact with to make the job easier. And by making it easier, we make it a better job.
Aaron Alt: Lauren, just one quick add, which is we're pleased with the relative contribution to the market share gains across the portfolio. It's coming not just in Broadline but also in our specialty business and in our International business.
Aaron Alt: Alex, it's Aaron. Great question, and you nailed it. You're right, it does -- the guidance does presume the historical percentage. And it's not a comment on Q4 so much as it is the resilience that the business displayed in Q3. As we were reacting to Q2, as we were watching the early results in Q3 from the impact of Omicron, we made the best call we could on Q3 in that context, but we were pleased that the business responded even more strongly than we had hoped. We had called out, from a Q4 guidance perspective, a strong Q4, and so I don't want to leave you with the impression. Other than that, we are assuming the continued market recovery in Q4. We're assuming continued market share gains and volume growth. We're assuming continued cost improvement that snapback costs will come down, that productivity improvements will continue. And that we'll continue to invest against the range -- against the transformation rather. And lastly, just a further math point for you, it's not lost on us that if we were to hit the bottom of the range for Q4, that would be the second highest adjusted EPS quarter in Sysco history. And if we were to hit the top of the range for Q4, that will be the highest adjusted EPS quarter in Sysco history and ahead of fiscal '19. So we have a lot of work ahead of us this quarter. We're upbeat about the business. We're really pleased with the resiliency of what our entire business is showing, and we're looking forward to delivering good results for Q4.
Aaron Alt: Thanks. Appreciate the question. It's fair to say that for Q4, the period in which we provided the guidance, we expect continued elevated inflation, although perhaps starting to come down as we approach the end of the year. We're not, today, going to provide guidance in any respect with respect to the future year. That will come during our Q4 earnings call in a couple of months.
Aaron Alt: Thanks. Look, I guess my reaction is this, we're wired for success in the long term at Sysco and whether it's the customer strategy and the opportunity that Kevin called out or the balance sheet and the resources we have to help us through any bump on the road, I want to emphasize we're investing for the long game. While we talk in this call relative to the quarter, relative to the year, really, we're talking about growth over the longer term, the 3-, the 5-, the 10-year period. And it kind of goes back to doing what we said we were going to do. If you go back to the Investor Day comments from, I guess, a year ago now, indeed, if you go back to our earnings calls for the last 18 months, what we said was we were going to invest in the snapback, right? We were going to do that because we wanted to be ahead of the curve. We wanted to be the Company that the foodservice operators were coming to the restaurants because we were the best partner. So we've been investing in inventory down this path. We've been investing in technology down this path. We've been investing in our fleet, and we've been investing in our distribution nodes. And none of that has changed because of the ebbs and flows. And indeed, that's where we continue to be focused as we carry forward because we are holding ourselves accountable and Kevin is holding all of us accountable to the Recipe for Growth and the recipe for profitable growth that comes with it.
Aaron Alt: Maybe just one add from a financial perspective to Kevin's point about sweating our assets and increasing our capacity, it's a marvelous thing to be able to add that additional day and to be able to address the need for additional trucks as we grow by not having to buy additional trucks because we're further sweating our assets. And similar to that point, from a use of cash perspective, the incremental capacity across our network that it creates for us to grow without having to invest in additional distribution nodes or other trucks on top of that is also an excellent return on that investment.
Aaron Alt: I would just add to that from a dollars perspective, the financial commitment to our transformation and the investment technology is significant. It's a key part of the plan we're executing this year and indeed, our long-term Recipe for Growth. And as Tom Peck, our technology leader, builds a world-class team in support of Sysco as an industry leader, that technology team is integrated into everything we're doing on the frontend and the backend, and that will also lead to good dividends for Sysco as we carry forward.
Aaron Alt: Sure. Well, let me -- I want to clarify our remarks to make sure we're saying the same thing. We were pleased that our snapback costs which is retention, sign-on bonuses, COVID-related costs, recruiting, et cetera, that those were cut in half. We also made progress on product. On the incremental productivity expense, we experienced driven by the workforce transition, which I think is what you're referring to, and that went down from 40 last quarter to 30 this quarter. And we're making good progress, and we continue to expect to make good progress as we carry forward. I don't think anyone can call it as to exactly when a workforce which is relatively new will hit the productivity mark, given the scale at which we're operating. But we are pleased with the results on the Workforce Academy that -- sorry, the Driver Academy that Kevin out earlier, the training we're doing within our distribution nodes, all of those things are going to lead to better productivity and, ultimately, a better customer experience.
