William J. DeLaney: I think, Steve, it's just some modest improvement on our part in terms of execution. As Chris pointed out in his comments, there's a seasonal flow that we tend to participate in as you go into the summer, and I think that helped as well. So I think we're executing somewhat better. I don't think there's anything dramatically different in terms of the promotional spending.
William J. DeLaney: Well, the way our commission program works, the bulk of our marketing associates are paid on commission, and the biggest factor in that commission is gross profit dollars per delivery. So we continue to tweak that particular model as time goes on to do just what you're suggesting here, which is to keep us focused on growth and quality growth. But the bottom line is they're highly incentivized to service our customers well, but at the same time to strike the right balance between sales and gross profit dollars.
William J. DeLaney: We don't comment on inter-quarter type of developments, but I would tell you that certainly, we service pretty much the whole spectrum of the marketplace, and you can see that we saw somewhat of a slowdown in the fourth quarter. Pricing eased a little bit as well, which was good, I think, but at the same time, our top line fell off some, and I think we're going to experience, to some degree, what you're seeing from some of the other people in the space.
William J. DeLaney: Okay. Maybe I should take a minute and let's talk about promotional spending because that's 2 questions right off the bat. As far as I know, we don't really talk about promotional spending. So the bottom line is we do promote -- we have various marketing vehicles that we promote locally and to some extent here at corporate. That hasn't changed to any large extent over the last quarter, over the last year. I think as we've talked about margin pressure over the last 12 to 18 months, we've attributed a lot of that to the challenges of passing along mid to high single-digit rates of inflation in a marketplace that's still pretty fragile and just kind of an uneven business recovery on top of that. So I think -- I don't think this really has much to do with promotional spending. The bottom line is we're out there competing. We feel very appropriately and very aggressively in a pretty challenging marketplace. And we saw improvement, as you saw, and pointed out in the fourth quarter and certainly as we talked about in May, we expect to continue to improve those trends. But I don't believe that we've indicated in any way that we would expect to be over last year's gross profit.
William J. DeLaney: I don't think so. Again, I'm going to just attribute that to kind of the competitive environment. And we see different things in different parts of the country, and frankly, we see different behavior with different types of competitors. As you know, we deal with very large regional, national-type competitors, and then there's a lot of niche players as well. So I have to tell you that the environment remains very challenging from a competitive standpoint, and we expect it to continue that way. But I wouldn't say it's changed a whole lot.
William J. DeLaney: Well, I think in this particular quarter, I don't know if there's anything particularly different than any other quarter. We're highly focused, as we've talked about at length over the last several calls and in our public presentations, on the importance for Sysco as a leader in the industry to continue to take share and to do that profitably. But we've got 8,000 marketing associates out there on the street. We've got a strong sales management team. We have great leadership throughout the country and in Canada, and we work very hard in staying close to our customers. All the basic things that we talk about every time we have an opportunity to speak publicly from menu analysis to good quality business reviews to a very focused time with our salespeople spending with their customers. Those are things that we feel we do better, by and large, than our competition. And as a result, that allows us to grow the business. So with that said, still very competitive and we still have some opportunity to work on our pricing and margin management.
William J. DeLaney: Well, yes, it is at that level. We'll take credit for it. I think going to your point, as you go back and look at the latter part of last fiscal year, maybe even the first quarter this year, the volume trends were a little bit more modest. And frankly, that led to us becoming more aggressive as we've talked about here in the last 2 or 3 quarters. So I would tell you that yes, we grew the cases 3%. Part of that was acquisitions, which we feel is a big part of our arsenal. And I wouldn't overweight comparisons when you're talking about the difference of 1% maybe from 1 year to the next, that type of thing. So we feel good with the volume, and we'll take credit for it.
William J. DeLaney: Things are always great here at Sysco. But no, look, the market, what I'm trying to tell you here without getting into a disclosure area that I can't, is that we're going to participate in what goes on in the market. So I expect us to continue to grow cases. I expect us to take share and to some extent, as we've talked about in terms of our medium to longer-term outlook, we are going to be impacted by the market itself. So to the extent that we see a slowdown as this quarter proceeds, I'm sure we'll feel that to some degree.
William J. DeLaney: Well, we need to get there. It's the bottom line. It's a very fair question. So the way I look at it is we did better in the fourth quarter than we did in the third in terms of that particular relationship but not good enough. So we need to continue, as I mentioned a question or 2 ago, to strike a better balance between the case growth and the gross profit dollars. So I'm encouraged that we saw some modest improvement but there's a ways to go. And all I can tell you is that we're highly focused on it here as a management team and throughout the country, into our sales management and into our sales force. So it's a delicate balance in terms of the economy and the marketplace and trying to be responsive to the needs of our customers, but we certainly see that as an issue and an opportunity for improvement.
William J. DeLaney: No, not the negotiation of pricing or the relationships. We handle our contract customers in various ways, but we have a significant group that works out of the corporate office that covers what we call corporate multiunit, and then we obviously have regional and local chains that we tend to handle those relationships locally through the operating companies. What's going on at SBS is more just the facilitation of the processes themselves.
William J. DeLaney: Andy, I'll start there. Sure, it helps. I mean, as we've talked over the last 2 or 3 quarters, there's a certain math to this whole inflation discussion. So when you go from 5.5% to 3.5%, give or take, that definitely helps. And it goes category by category, that type of thing. So there's no doubt that, that contributed to it, as well as I do think we executed, as I said, modestly better and there's plenty of room for improvement there. I think as far as case growth, I don't know that, that happens quite as fast. I know there's kind of this analytical way of looking at it. The key for us, I think, as it relates to the inflation is over the medium to long term, we've been very consistent on this and we truly believe it is that it's just better for our customers and our customers' customers if we can see a more moderate level of say 2 to 3 points of inflation over time. That's just a better environment for business, and whether it be our customers or ourselves. And so I think, if we can stay there and be relatively consistent and not have too much volatility in the respective categories, I think that's more of a medium-term benefit for us.
William J. DeLaney: It's a combination of 3 things. We continue to improve our customer retention. That's had a lot of focus here, and we've talked about it somewhat publicly. So our customer retention numbers have improved over the last year or 2 and that certainly helps. We have seen penetration. That's obviously going to vary by customer and be somewhat dependent on how healthy their business is, but overall, we've seen some case penetration. And yes, largely or not largely, but we tend to do a good job on new business as well. So it comes from the 2 that you mentioned, which is new business as well as penetration. But also, again, just an environment like this, we just need to stay closer and closer to our customers and just minimize lost accounts.
William J. DeLaney: I'd be willing to say if I knew. I mean, it's actually -- it's hard to kind of get precise information on that, but I actually think it's a little bit of all 3, Andy.
William J. DeLaney: I think there's a broader issue here, though, Andy. And obviously, this is a very sensitive issue internally and it's just being announced today, clearly, throughout Sysco. So we've been looking at this for a period of time, and the reality is as growth has slowed industry-wise and even for Sysco, we've continued to see the liability of the pension plan grow meaningfully faster than the business is growing. So the broader picture here is that we needed to address that in a prudent way, and we feel that we have and we feel, as we communicate the new planned structure with the 401(k), I think our folks will find that it's a very competitive plan and provides a lot of opportunity to appropriately save for retirement.
William J. DeLaney: That's correct. And just a point of interest, I mean, our plans, I don't have the specifics but our vesting tends to be pretty much 100% within 5 or 7 years, something like that. So you vest relatively quickly here. So most of our people are vested, and then it will work like you say. And then what we'll be doing over the next few weeks is communicating the components of the 401(k) plan and so on and so forth.
William J. DeLaney: Well, obviously, Michael, we don't have the answers to those questions. Those are great questions. I would tell you, we've had now 1 quarter of 3% inflation, and it looks like this quarter's starting now in a similar way. So I mean, I think we will see some moderate inflation for a period of time. We're not clear on how long that'll stabilize given what's going on with the droughts and various things around the world. So I think we need to wait and see to some extent how this thing plays out here over the next 6, 9, 12 months. What I said and what I do believe is, I think, the lower inflation will take some pressure off of our customers, and that will take some pressure off of us, so that should support some of the initiatives we have to strike the right balance between growth and margins. But the other thing I'm saying is what I also said pretty consistently is this is different than 2 years ago or 4 years ago or 5 years ago. Until this economy shows more consistent improvement and until our customers participate in that, there's going to continue to be a lot of pricing pressure out there. So I'm not saying that we can't improve our margins over time, I'm just saying we need to take it one step at a time and right now, our goals are -- is to reverse the trends that we saw this past year.
William J. DeLaney: I don't know. I wish I did know and I wish I could give you more specific answers there. But typically, what happens is it takes a while for it to work itself through the food chain, into the meal for the cattle and the poultry and all that, so works its way through the feedstock and then into our cost of center of play items. And I would expect that, that will take 3 to 6 months at least for us to see that play out. And we'll just have to see how the business climate is in general. So we're not hiding behind that. We would love to see a nice, stable inflation environment but I'm just pointing out that we could see some pressure on pricing here later in the year. That's all.
William J. DeLaney: Great question, Mark. It's another one of those ones that when you have as much new business as we have, I mean, you're talking about double-digit new business, it's hard to critique that, but I would say it's a mixture. Generally, the new business, as it comes these days, comes a little bit harder and a little bit more competitively. So I don't have a lot of data on that in terms of the entire company. But more than likely, it probably comes in a little bit less than the average would be my best judgment on that.
William J. DeLaney: Well, we're seeing higher prices now in beef and poultry. And we're seeing deflation actually in dairy and produce right now, and then everything else is kind of around the average. So they're pretty much saying what we're reading and what I tried to say earlier, which is that we should expect to see some pressure as the year goes along.
William J. DeLaney: I don't think we're overly concerned, at least, not any more concerned in the last 2 or 3 years, Ajay. I mean, it's part of what you deal within this business and when you put it in the context of some of the other challenges that we have out there in terms of the marketplace and our customers' ability to grow and that kind of thing, I think it's certainly -- we take it seriously. But it's also -- comes into the bucket that we don't really have much of an ability to influence it. So I wouldn't -- I'd be probably more concerned about the economy and whether we can see a little bit more stability and a little more consistent improvement there, because then that creates a mindset in the consumer wanting to go out to eat more, and that's always the key, I think, for our business is that people want to go out to eat and they're not totally focused on what it's going to cost or how many times they go out and all that kind of thing. I mean, right now, our information is a little dated, but we're still seeing increases in traffic and check size. And it varies between concept and that kind of thing. But we just need to see improved -- consistently improving psyche of the consumer, and I think we can weather the rest of it.
William J. DeLaney: I really can't. As I mentioned earlier, we just don't do that. But again, you know us real well and we play in the entire space in this market so to the extent that you're seeing softness out there, we would certainly expect to participate in some of that as the quarter goes along.
William J. DeLaney: We really didn't look at it that way, to be honest. I'm sure they were modest, but essentially what we have said is -- what Chris just talked you through, is we've laid this thing on in terms of our roadmap, and we're looking to knock down about 25% of that cost savings here this year. And it's going to come from operations, it's going to come from SG&A and it's probably going to come a little bit more toward the end of the year than at the beginning of the year.
William J. DeLaney: John, it's Bill. I think that was actually in my prepared comments. So Chris can take a break here. No, it's no different than what we've talked about before. I think, again, in terms of our communications and messaging, we want to make sure that all of our constituents understand that we're primarily focused on the core right now. We've got a lot going on, a lot of opportunity out there. But yes, we continue to look for ways to grow in an adjacent manner. And over time, we still would like to grow international. But I didn't put a timeline on that as much as I said. Over time, I think was actually words that I used. So it's more of a strategic objective here over the medium term.
William J. DeLaney: Well, it could be -- we could look at adjacencies of the Sysco ventures as you mentioned as kind of bridges both as you start talking to folks who have opportunities for us to partner with in terms of business solutions that are more technology-driven, those types of things. But the attraction there, obviously, is to create a stronger relationship with our customer base and more traction to help them grow and to solidify our position with our customers over time. So no, it would be both adjacencies as well as international.
William J. DeLaney: Meredith, if I could just jump in there, I want to -- there's a key point and I think it's key to anybody who would be listening to this call, inside or outside Sysco. If you go back to our May presentation there with all of you, we took a fair amount of time to reframe this deal and to, if you will, rebrand it to some extent from a standpoint of what Chris just took you through. So business transformation is essentially us coming to grips with what we need to do, the changes we need to make in terms of our processes, how we go to market to continue to enhance our leadership position in this industry going forward for the next 5 or 10 years. Now 3 and 4 years ago, when we had more of a design than anything else, we bundled it all together in terms of one. So where we sit today, we're talking to you about deploying the technology platform effectively throughout Sysco so that's one big bucket. And then we're talking about taking a look holistically at all of our practices in terms of how we run the business, selling, general, administrative, all the different things that we do, how we organize the company and revisiting those, some of which, as Chris said, would have been part of the original business case for 2012, a few of which weren't; many of which do not require new technology platform to get those going because a lot of it has to do with a more consistent go-to-market implementation of our business practices. And then third is sitting down and partnering with our suppliers, our product suppliers and finding more efficient and more effective ways of sharing cost savings on product, and at the same time doing it in a way where we can grow the business. So this is a key point. The business transformation going forward for Sysco encompasses all 3 of those buckets, if you will, and not just the technology platform. Now we can't get to the finish line without the technology platform. So that remains very foundational, as I said, in my comments. But it's just one piece of it.
William J. DeLaney: I'm saying there's a lot of that, and then I'm also saying, look, we're running a business here, right, so we're somewhat behind on the deployment schedule. We've got some cost overruns, so we're running the business and we've taken stock over the last 6 to 9 months of other things that we can do in the company to offset the cost overrun. So it's a combination but largely it's an acceleration of the original business case.
William J. DeLaney: So, I think, Meredith, just I'll pile on here a little bit. You're going to see different results on bonus so you won't see them but, obviously, we had some operating companies that performed well above plan and plan, and those folks will make some bonuses and some who didn't. To Chris's point overall, we didn't achieve our earnings goals for the year, so we will not hit our target bonus, but we will pay bonuses this year. I don't know what it is compared to last year to be straight with you, but as Chris also pointed out, we moved to more of a plan-based bonus structure this year and, I think, in the end I think you're going to find it to be very appropriate.
Robert C. Kreidler: The CapEx actually is in line with what we talked about at Investor Day. You're focused on the $600 million that I showed at Investor Day, but right underneath that was a line for business transformation capitalization, which was a range of $5 million to $20 million. So depending on where you are in that range, we just put a range around CapEx, $600 million to $650 million. Nothing has really changed in the assumptions that we're using for this year. We just put a range around it so I think it's generally in line with what we talked about. We do intend to generate additional free cash flow this year. We've not changed our posture with regards to how we view our cash. We're reinvesting into the business. We're certainly making sure that we can have a substantial and growing dividend, and we're looking for additional acquisitions as much as possible. If we start to generate significant additional free cash, we'll take a look, again, at the shares. But right now, that's just not the case.
Robert C. Kreidler: Yes. And actually, I think, we flashed the chart on the screen as we were going through it. But the net-net is an increase of about $25 million for this year, and it would have gone up over $100 million save for the freeze and then we expect it to be lower in '14.
Robert C. Kreidler: No, the pension plan you do vest over time in the pension plan. What we're doing is we're freezing the pension plan. Whatever benefits you have today, you retain. All of your new benefits will come from a 401(k) defined contribution plan going forward. So upon retirement, what you'll have is the vested benefits in your pension from the date at which we froze it plus your defined contribution benefit that grew from that point going forward.
Robert C. Kreidler: Yes, what we continue to talk about on the acquisition side is a string, as many as possible, of these smaller transactions that are, in combination, become meaningful to us, so that's what we said. We did 9 transactions for $270 million. Actually, I think, last year, we were above 1%. I'd have to go back and check my numbers, but I thought we were just above 1%. But our goal has been 0.5 to 1 point. What we're really pointing out is we're starting to accelerate that and we're starting to increase our pipeline. Our goal this year is north of 1% through a combination of these smaller-ish transactions. I don't want to characterize them as being small and meaningless. They're not at all. Every one of them is important to us, but they're smaller than the $500 million or $600 million regional-sized transactions that we'd love to get, but are just frankly very, very difficult to get and they don't come along very often.
Robert C. Kreidler: No, they're very relevant to us. We still have a $1 billion-plus pension plan that's out there that has to be revalued every year. What the freeze does is it stops growing in terms of the assets and the liabilities, so that's [indiscernible] the growth of it will now cease. The next step in managing our retirement plans is starting to go after the volatility of those assets, and we do have more work going on in that area as well. But as Bill said, this is something we've been looking at for a while. Pension expense has been going up significantly over the last few years. It was growing at a rate that was just frankly not sustainable, and so we needed to come up with a different set of plans that would be beneficial to our employees and to help with retention of our employees and help them plan for their retirements, while at the same time not causing our expenses to grow at a rate that's frankly our earnings could not sustain. So we've looked at a number of things. Step one is we've got to freeze what's there. Now we've got to go about looking at how we reduce the volatility of the liabilities that still exist on the balance sheet.
Robert C. Kreidler: Well, so there are 2 separate components to figuring out the pension expense. Obviously, the first one is discount rate, which we unfortunately have nothing to do with. Interest rates drive down the discount rate. It's declined even more this year from a rate that I didn't think it could even decline from last year, so that cost us a tremendous amount of valuation and was driving our interest -- or driving our pension expense to be significantly higher for '13. The second component is the discount rate that you -- or sorry, the return that you assume on the portfolio. We evaluate that every year. You look at 70 years' worth of history on a portfolio of assets that you invest in. Obviously, the last 10 years are not good compared to that 70-year history, and so we're constantly evaluating, are we too aggressive? Are we too conservative? That's something we evaluate every year.
Robert C. Kreidler: We've not given any quarterly breakout of that, but I think it would be fairly safe to assume it will build over time. Just as it's going to build over the 3-year period, it's going to build during each of those 3 years.
Robert C. Kreidler: Yes, Ajay, those 2 things really aren't tied. So as we tried to do during the Investor Day, we tried to explain that the expenses are primarily due to the technological implementation of our new ERP system. So the $300 million to $350 million, net of direct benefits from SBS, that's the expense that we plan to incur as we now implement and roll out the ERP system, and we gave guidance of 520 companies during the course of the year. Bill gave you a little more color about where the next 5 of those were going to be. So that's kind of part A. Part B is we also have the business transformation initiatives, cost-saving initiatives, that do not rely upon that technology to go forward. And so we're going down the road on a variety of those that we outlined in great detail, and that's where we expect to receive the 25% of our overall benefit in the first year.
Robert C. Kreidler: No, we view all of the initiatives that we have undertaken as part of the transformation of our business from what was the old the business model, if you will, to what needs to be the new business model in order to compete going forward. Many of them originally were described as being enabled by this new ERP system. And as we got further and further into the ERP system design and implementation, we realized we did not need to wait on the ERP system in order to attack some of these other business transformation initiatives. So now we're talking about them as separate streams of work, but it's all under the moniker of business transformation because frankly most of this is different than what we've done before.
Robert C. Kreidler: Yes, that's fair. I mean, again, business transformation is not ERP. ERP is the technology change that we set out to put in place several years ago. And again, the original plan if we step back before my time, but I certainly understand it now, the original plan was if we're going to do through all the work to develop and design a new ERP system that changes all of our processes, everything about how we go to market, let's go and do this operating company by operating company and change the business model one at a time. So everything was really on one kind of rollout schedule. As we got further into it, we realized it doesn't need to be done that way, and especially as the ERP implementation slowed down, we realized we needed to go faster on the rest of it. So we just disconnected them.
Robert C. Kreidler: Well, we haven't actually talked about bonuses internally, but I can describe our bonus objectives to you. From the corporate perspective, we basically had 3 bonus objectives: The one was sales, which we have actually achieved our plan and actually somewhat exceeded our plan in terms of sales. We had one that was operating profit and that, of course, was as you -- I'll use your words, was not good in terms of the year. And then one was return on invested capital, and that one kind of went the same way as operating profit. If you don't get your earnings, it's very hard to achieve your ROIC objectives as well. So while we haven't, I don't think we fully ruled on what the bonus outcome is to the employees, that's the general sense of where we were. Compared to last year from a corporate perspective, I would say we'll definitely be lower than the last year, where we had a slightly different bonus plan. Now the operating companies have their own bonus plans. Typically, they're tied partially to the corporate, their leadership team, but then also predominantly to their own performances. So those are going to vary depending upon the performance of the operating company.
