Joel T. Grade: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Bill and Tom mentioned earlier, we are pleased with the results for the first quarter. Our earnings growth reflects continued momentum from our business, including strong local case growth and good gross profit dollar growth and cost management. This morning, I'll start with our quarterly results on a comparable 13-week basis. For the quarter, sales grew 4.9%; gross profit grew 3.8%; while adjusted operating expense grew 3.2%, which resulted in adjusted operating income growth of 5.6%, and adjusted earnings per share grew 10.4%, to $0.74. During the quarter, our results were impacted by both the impact of multiple hurricanes and a lower tax rate that, when factored together, would have resulted in operating income growth of more than 7% and earnings per share of $0.72, which is in line with our planned expectations. For the first quarter fiscal 2018, we saw inflation of 3.8% in our U.S. Broadline business. The pace of inflation has been rapid for a few categories, such as meat, poultry and dairy, ultimately driving overall inflation. During the quarter, we had gross profit growth of 3.8%, driven by local case growth and improved Sysco Brand penetration. Adjusted operating expenses grew 3.2% for the quarter, driven by increased transportation expenses and unusually lower bad debt expense in the prior year. In addition, our expenses include the impact of labor and related costs during the storms that we continued to pay, despite lower volumes in those affected areas. We continued to maintain a gap between gross profit dollar growth and adjusted operating expense growth. While the gap was not as strong as in prior quarters, we still feel good about the performance and the ultimate translation into adjusted operating income leverage and continued progress toward achieving our three-year plan objectives. Part of the compression of that gap can be explained by the impact of hurricanes and inbound freight, which negatively impacted cost of goods. In fact, adjusting for the impact of the hurricanes, the gap between gross profit dollars and expenses is approximately 1 point. As it relates to taxes, effective tax rate in the first quarter was 32.7% compared to 32.9% in the prior-year period. Cash flow from operations was $83 million for the first 13 weeks of fiscal 2018. Net CapEx for the quarter was $135 million or about 1% of sales which was roughly flat to last year. Free cash flow for the first 13 weeks of fiscal 2018 was negative $52 million. It's important to note that the first quarter often produces negative free cash flow, largely due to investments in working capital. However, we continue to expect strong cash flow for the full fiscal year 2018. Now, I'd like to transition to three (sic) [four] (18:10) business updates. First, regarding second quarter expectations, we expect to see further softness in the International segment followed by a modestly stronger second half of the year as we align the Brakes Group calendar year to our fiscal year. Second, as we previously discussed, we will realize a one-time net benefit and depreciation expense related to technology changes. This benefit will be approximately $50 million recognized evenly over four quarters. Third, regarding share repurchases, we've been aggressive in the market as we've seen opportunities to repurchase shares this quarter. We've maintained our approach in purchasing shares opportunistically, but we do not expect that pace to continue for the balance of the fiscal year. Finally, a new accounting standard became applicable in fiscal 2018 that requires access – excess tax benefits or detriments from stock compensation to be recognized within the income statement in the income tax line. For the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we recognized the benefit of $15 million (19:25) as a reduction of income tax largely from stock option exercises that occurred in the first quarter. These tax benefits are difficult to predict and depend on factors such as our stock price and option exercise activity. Absent these tax benefits, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to be between 35% and 36%. In summary, we had a solid quarter that reflected the continued momentum in our business. I remain confident that we are on track to achieve our three-year plan financial objectives, including the high end of the $600 million to $650 million range of improved adjusted operating income comparing fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2015 excluding Brakes. The fundamentals of our business remain strong as we continue to deliver strong local case growth and good gross profit dollar growth and cost management. We are committed to serving our customers and delivering a high level of execution in all areas of our business. I'll now turn it back over to Bill before we go to Q&A.
Joel T. Grade: And, Tom, if I could just add one other thing to that. It's Joel. I think the supply chain piece is probably the other part that I would just add to that. I think, obviously, some of the investments that we've talked about that we continue to make are around continuing to enhance their transformational work on the supply chain side as well as, again, to (26:00) around putting some of those best practices in place. So, I think, just to add one other thing to Tom's point. I think I would – the other part I would single out is an opportunity for us.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, sure, Ed. This is Joel. I'm going to start. I think a couple parts to that. Number one, there was some impact on our cost per case as it relates to, again, what I'll just call overall productivity. In other words, there's certainly as part of that, there are admin costs that we continue to pay where we're not shipping case volumes in those areas. And so, that would have a negative impact on that leverage. From a bad debt perspective, a lot of that's related to some actually positive bad debt results we had in the prior year that were, I would say, significant relative to what would be normal for us. So, when that comparison hits, it actually elevates what would be a growth in our admin costs for this year on that side of it. I think a couple of other pieces of that, again, certainly from a segment perspective, as what I've talked about mostly relates to the U.S. side. We certainly did have some higher levels of expense growth in our International businesses, so much we've talked about. There's some start-up cost with a new customer in Mexico and some investment costs that we've put into the UK Again, all of that now is actually factored into our cost structure, which would not have been something you had been used to seeing as much last year because we'd always talked about ex Brakes but, obviously, includes all that and – so, I would say those are really some of the primary callouts and, again, the hurricane, again, did have some productivity impact there, without a doubt. But I think it's a few – collection of a few things. We still feel good about our ability to manage costs still in this area going forward.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, Kelly. I think, again, as I talked about – I mean, some of this is really related to what I'll call some timing elements of the fact that the previous fiscal year with Brakes was on a calendar basis. And just essentially moving that now to where their fiscal year aligns with our fiscal year does cause some changing of the way some things are recognized. And so I think, from a timing perspective, again, that impact is going to most notably hit us in the second quarter, which again, used to be their – the final quarter of their calendar year. And again, – but certainly we'll expect some level of pickup in that, in the second half of our year.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. So, this is Joel. I mean, we actually – if you want to take the dollars ex Brakes, we added $52 million operating income dollars, again, ex Brakes and so that takes us to a total of $469 million for the – for, now, the nine quarters of the three-year plan.
Joel T. Grade: Well, yes. First of all, it's – to you speculate on anything coming out of Washington right now is a little bit interesting. But I think the – yeah, look, we're a company that obviously has a large percentage of our profits in the United States and so, certainly, just based on that fact it certainly seems like a positive opportunity for us. I think the – in terms of passing some of that along, I – to be honest with you, I get asked this question a fair bit. I don't know that most of our customers spend a whole lot of time thinking about the correlation of prices and tax reform necessarily. So, I don't personally anticipate that being a significant issue either way, as it relates to this. But, certainly, again, overall, from our company's perspective, again, were that to happen, I think there's certainly some positive opportunities for us.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, the number, I think, in aggregate was 12.3%, as an overall enterprise. Actually, Chris, off the top of my head, I don't have that number without Brakes.
Joel T. Grade: And the only thing I'd say, Marisa – I mean, again, we had a – despite all those things, we still had a very strong local case growth as well. So, I mean, when we combine that with some of the – again, holding a flat margin during this time, I can overall – certainly, on a customer-by-customer basis, could there be some pushback? Sure. But I think overall we've done a good – really good job there.
Joel T. Grade: Well, so look, it's a fairly – I get it. It's high level. It's ball park. It's directional. I – it's, I think, again reasonably, and accurate, I think it is – yeah, we looked at it mostly all along the lines of what you said, from a volume and gross profit impact. Certainly from a productivity impact, again, as we described it earlier, it's interesting, I mean (50:14) our costs to some extent didn't go up, if you want to call it that. Because we had – we're paying people, whether it's drivers, whether it's administrative people, we're paying them, irregardless of whether we're shipping cases or not. And so, I would say, in general, from a productivity standpoint on a per case basis, we actually had some impact there. But I – so again, it's – again, Andy, it's not an exact science but we certainly got what we thought was a pretty reasonable view of it. And what we quantified was mostly on the gross profit piece of that. And probably, maybe a little conservative on our part but we thought it was a reasonable view of what happened.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, I'll start and Tom can chime in. I'd say, Andy, it's really some of both. Again, I think what I would say to you is that some of the timing issue is going to become more accelerated in the second quarter, which is why we're calling that out. Which again, will then rebound to some extent, in the second half of the year. But I would say for this particular quarter, it was some of both.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. I think the way I would characterize it, I mean, it's a little bit coincidental, I would say, in terms of timing, that we had two acquisitions we announced that were both on islands here. But I think in general, I would tell you that our overall strategy around M&A, it's – those are both very consistent with that. We're very – continue to be very focused on opportunities within our own domestic and core markets, or areas that might supplement our existing businesses, as well as geographic expansion. And so, I would just say, again, the timing probably a little coincidental on those two things, but our acquisition strategy has remained very consistent. And those two deals are very much a part of our overall strategy.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah, I would just – I'll take that. It's Joel. And I would just say in general, the way to think about it is that there's been some level of shortage of drivers in inbound freight, and that's something that was happening somewhat prior to the hurricane, and then that got accelerated by the bad weather. So, lots more sheetrock being moved, and I would say carriers are taking the opportunity to move more expensive loads, and that doesn't always necessarily – that pinches supply on our side. And so, that was something – again, at the end of the day, our product costs is basically the cost of our products plus the costs of inbound freight. There's some increases there from an inbound freight perspective and, certainly, that's something, as we move forward, continue to find ways to mitigate that – it's continued somewhat here and as we moved into this quarter.
Joel T. Grade: Yes, so Ajay, again, so the breaking out specifically – again, we're – we don't – we don't typically do that. What – here's what color I would give you, though. I mean, and actually general, the impact of foreign exchange overall for us has been relatively negligible for this quarter. So, there is – some of this stuff we've talked about that Tom referred to in terms of the weakness of the sterling really has played itself out in the selling margins. Because there's a fairly sizable percentage of products that the UK, or that are bought outside the UK, which has impacted the selling margins, but if you actually look at the overall impact of foreign exchange – again, the U.S. dollar's been somewhat weaker out there, the Canadian dollar, as well as the euro. Then there has been some impact where the sterling has continued to weaken. But – yet overall, on the top line and certainly on our operating income line, there's been a relatively minimal impact overall on foreign exchange. More on the top than overall, but again, not much on our operating income line when you aggregate everything.
Joel T. Grade: Well, I guess, I would say in this particular case, it's – it was not significant and we didn't do it. If it's something really significant, we'll probably break it out.
Thomas L. Bené: So, John, good morning. It's Tom. What I would say is that we talked a lot over the last couple years about all the tools that we've been building in the revenue management area and that we felt good that they were going to help us both in deflationary and inflationary times. And what I would just reiterate is that a lot of those tools – because what we are seeing in some of these categories is fairly heavy inflation in a couple of the ones that Joel highlighted: meat, poultry, dairy. And so what they really allow us to do is effectively pass on the pricing where we can, but do it in a balanced way such that our customers aren't feeling significant impacts over the short-term as well. So, it's really a matter of week-by-week providing our salespeople the right information, insight and guidance on how to basically price and be competitive in the marketplace.
Thomas L. Bené: So, I assume – let's start with margin. When you talk about margin, you're probably talking about gross margin. And generally speaking, the margin – gross margin in Europe tends to be higher than what it is in the U.S. But their cost structures tend to be a little higher as well, which ultimately affects the operating margin. A lot of the activity that we've started to share, they have their own kind of category management approach and program, but we're starting to share more information between the European team and the U.S. team around how we might think about that process going forward. So, there could be some benefits regarding the product costs. But I'd say the bigger areas are probably around how we leverage some of the solutions we've built around the sales model here. We've talked over the last couple of years about the solutions that we've built out, whether it be things like business review or the revenue management capability, or even how we think about building out the branded portfolio in our Sysco Brand, and those all remain, I think, opportunities for us to help leverage some of that learnings out of the U.S. and share those best practices in Europe. And we've started that process already with that team.
Thomas L. Bené: ... was fuel. And so where's (28:48) about a penny detriment on fuel versus prior year. And the buildout, the cost comments that Joel made from an operating perspective, when you think about the way we run our business and the impacts of the – some of the storms, we still are basically paying all of our associates, drivers, warehouse, et cetera, without any case activity during those times. And so, that's what drove some of that incremental expense from an operating perspective as well.
Thomas L. Bené: Yeah. So, it's a really good question given the inflationary environment we're experiencing. So, we continue to see our gross profit per case improve, even though, obviously, we haven't seen margin expansion during this time of inflation. So, we continue to feel good about that and that's a combination of things. It's the category management effort we've had going. We talked earlier about the increase in Sysco Brand, another 82-basis-point improvement with our local customers, which is again, as you think about the challenges on inflation we're seeing, our ability to give customers options, including Sysco Brand, and help them maintain their cost, while also delivering improved margins for us, is a kind of a win-win in there. And so, as we see our case volume increase, we would actually expect to see us continue to be able to manage that accordingly. And so, we do feel like you're going to see some improvements there, predominantly in this multi-unit side, as we continue to go forward throughout the year.
Thomas L. Bené: Yeah. I think the only thing I'd add, Vinnie, is that obviously, we continue to see some inflation through at least the balance of the calendar year. There are some things, like produce, that we think might be impacted more, given the recent fires in California. So, there are going be some continued areas we're going to have to deal with. And again, as w talked – from the first question – I think we feel good about the tools we've got in place to manage through this. But as Joel said, these categories that move fairly quickly and fairly aggressively is where we run into the biggest challenge and we just – always you (35:42) need a little time to maneuver around that and work through it, but I think we're doing a pretty good job.
Thomas L. Bené: Hey, Vinnie. So, yeah, I would say it's relatively as we had expected and on plan. Now, having said that, we are making investments over there, as we've talked. The transformation efforts in the UK continue. We're looking to make some other investments in some of the other parts of Europe, including France. And so, I think we continue to believe that it's a great business, and one we see lots of potential out of. But there are some things we've not – need to get in place and operating the way we'd want, to get that type of growth in the future. The only other thing we already talked about with the UK in particular, and some of the macroeconomic challenges they have, the inflation there driven by the currency issues are significant. So, 9% inflation is a massive number. And we are seeing impacts from that. And we see that unfortunately, continuing for some period of time here. So, I'd say that's the only other piece of this that – that's different than what we had hoped or expected. Obviously, with Brexit happening, we knew there was going to be some impacts but it's sustained at fairly high levels for quite a while now.
Thomas L. Bené: Chris, from a Sysco Brand perspective, as you know, we've continued to see this grow over the last couple of years and our total business is up 62 basis points and 82 basis points with our local customers. So, we continue to see opportunities there. And we get asked this often is how high is – could it go? And I don't think we really have a good view of that. And the reason I say that is what we continue to focus on is bringing very high quality products to the market at very competitive pricing. And I think as our customers continue to feel different impacts whether that's the cost of labor, wage rate increases or other challenges they might feel in their business, product costs' always going be there. And we bring them alternative solutions with Sysco Brand. So, the other thing we've done – we've talked about is we've been focused on bringing innovative solutions and products with Sysco Brand to the market. And I think the combination of those things continues to be well-received by our customers and that's why we see these increases. So, I know that didn't answer you directly, but what I'd say is we continue to invest here. We feel good about it. I talked about this brand revitalization effort. We've been doing a lot of work around refreshing the look and the feel of those brands and making sure that they're on trend whether that's with fresh and local products or that's with the ripe (41:37) types of products, whether that be organic or wholesome type products. So, we – we're doing a lot of work in that area and it's – appears to be resonating nicely with our customers.
Thomas L. Bené: Hey, Marisa. I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to. I think we feel really good about the U.S. Broadline business and we talk about it in context here of our U.S. Foodservice Operations segment. And given we talked about some of the impacts of the storms on both volume and on gross profit dollars, and obviously the impacts on costs as well. So, I think when you think about everything that that business went through in this first quarter, we continue to feel very good about how we're managing it, including some pretty significant inflation in the quarter. So, I – the fact that we're basically flat on our gross margin given all those circumstances, we feel actually very good about that business.
Thomas L. Bené: Again, I'd say as we always talk, that's an average. So, category by category, sure, we run into some challenges from time to time and that's where we leverage things like Sysco Brand. And, candidly, we share a lot of information with our customers, so this isn't about just us moving our pricing. We share a lot of industry information with them, what's going on in the various categories and why the costs are going up from suppliers the way they are. So, it's – we're pretty transparent in that area and we try to spend a fair amount of time educating our own people so they can obviously educate our customers.
Thomas L. Bené: We feel good about them. I think that we continue – we're fortunate that we've got this broad segment that we operate in, our customer segments, and our mix is such that while restaurants certainly represent a big chunk of it, there are lots of other customer segments. As we've talked in the past, we see growth in areas like the foodservice management and also in the retail foodservice. So, I think the other segments continue to grow. Healthcare's always been a pretty good-sized segment for us and we are performing well there also. So, I think we feel great about the balance that exists across the segments. And I'd like to mention (45:47), other than making some decisions around certain multi-unit customers, we feel really good about where we are.
Thomas L. Bené: I think it's commentary not necessarily on fast food but on independent restaurants and what we continue to believe is why they are positioned well to grow. And so, there are, obviously, more flexible menus, more ease of creating the right environment for consumers. And so, it has more to do with just acknowledging that there are lots of things still happening in that restaurant space and these newer concepts, whether they're independent or small multi-unit chains, they are continuing to see growth because they are bringing the kind of things that consumers are looking for to the market.
Thomas L. Bené: Yeah. I would say, ex a couple of key geographies, right? So whether it's here in the southeast where there are restaurants that are still closed or in parts of Florida like the Keys, where things are – many things are still closed. Much of the market is starting to get back to a normalized state. So, I would say yes, in general.
Thomas L. Bené: All based on case volume, right. We didn't project any impact on a rate basis from gross profit per case. We just looked at purely at cases. And you asked about the 3%, we think that's a fairly conservative estimate, given what our run rates were in those markets.
Thomas L. Bené: I don't have anything really incremental to add. I mentioned earlier some of the other impacts from – as you mentioned, from inflation and some of the macros in the UK.
Thomas L. Bené: Let me – I'll talk about those two, and then I'll let Joel embellish on kind of our broader strategy there. The – let's start with the Mayca in Costa Rica. So, as I mentioned, that was a business that we went into a joint venture with back in 2014. We feel great about the partnership we've had with the folks at Mayca. And as I shared, the results have been very positive over the last couple of years. So we exercised our option to basically acquire that business completely recently. And so, that's an example of where we started down a path with a partner and liked the way it progressed, them leveraging what they could from Sysco, and obviously them doing a great job in their marketplace. Separate that from HFM, which is just an outright acquisition and a market within the U.S. that's been white space for us. Other than some export business into Hawaii, we don't really have much of a footprint. We'd have no footprint there, and we didn't really do a lot of business there, so it's a white space opportunity that we're very excited about. They're a terrific distributor with businesses on a lot of the islands, and are really excited about what we can do together in Hawaii. As far as other types of acquisition, I'll let Joel talk a little bit about how we think about it and where you might see us focusing.
Thomas L. Bené: Shane, did they accelerate? So, I mean, when you think about this, we're – we break our U.S. out into six markets. And so, as you guys know, I mean, different things drive the business in different markets, not the least which is overall population growth, economic impact. So, what – as we said earlier, we saw good growth outside of those other markets, generally speaking, in the U.S. And so, we feel pretty comfortable with the numbers we've shared regarding the impacts due to the hurricane in primarily what we call in our South and Southeast markets.
Thomas L. Bené: We continue to feel very good about the growth that we've had in the – both local, and as I mentioned, change in multi-unit.
Thomas L. Bené: Sure. And it is obviously both. We track both penetration which means more sales to existing customers as well as new lost business. And I would say in each of those areas, they've continued to grow. In Foodservice and generally, new business is very important because there are a fair amount of customers each year that cycle for various reasons. And so, I'd – it's a pretty good balance actually of both though. And I'd say the thing for us that we've really tried to focus on is penetration because we believe that the more products and service that we can provide a customer, obviously, that also provides more – what we call maybe stickiness or loyalty from those customers. You heard me talk in the past about loyalty and we continue to have a positive trend in our loyalty metrics, including about a 3-point improvement in the first quarter. So, we feel good about what we're hearing from our customers as far as what we're providing them.
Thomas L. Bené: Sure. First of all, I think you articulated it actually pretty well. And so, I think that that's – it was good to hear that what we said is – was translated, I guess, by you in the right way. I think, there's some of this is certainly the retail segment that we've talked about. We do see it continuing to grow. But the other segment that we all know is growing is this – kind of think about as prepared meals and this ability to get your – whatever your favorite restaurant is delivered to you now versus having to either go there to dine in or even to go pick it up. And we continue to see that movement happening. And there are lots of different folks getting into that space now in these prepared foods that are both retail, but also in many cases in foodservice outlets that are handling that. And so I think the more those folks continue to grow, that just provides more opportunities for our customers to grow and for consumers to get access to things that they like and enjoy. And so, that's really – is what we were trying to refer to there.
Thomas L. Bené: Yes to your first part of your question and comment. And as far as meal kits, yeah, it's part of it. It's a fairly small segment and while I think it's still got some growth in it, as we've all seen, there's a lot of movement going on in that space right now. I think what we're seeing, though, is there are – think about it, instead of someone like a Blue Apron where you're having to get something shipped to you, there are local outlets that are accomplishing that same type of solution for customers or for consumers on a local level, whether that be an independent or a chain who are providing that same type of service.
Marisa Sullivan: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to touch on the U.S. Broadlines business. When you exclude inflation in case growth, it looks like there were some other negative pricing impact to U.S. Broadline sales growth. So, can you just give us a little bit more detail on this and was it related to an inability to pass through all the inflation or was it a decision by Sysco to get sharper on pricing or was it a more competitive environment? Just more color there would be great.
Marisa Sullivan: Got it. And then, just lastly, I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on the sales performance of your non-restaurant customer and how you're thinking about sales and margin opportunities within that segment.
Marisa Sullivan: Like hospitals. Well, it'd be like hospitals, schools, kind of the – some of the institutional customers.
Ajay Jain: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Bill, I also wanted to say congratulations and wish you good luck in your retirement.
Ajay Jain: Now that you've anniversaried Brakes, would it be possible to break out the actual currency impact, both in terms of revenues and operating profit? Maybe you already mentioned that earlier and I might have missed it, but it would be nice to get a sense of the actual operating performance in International after stripping out the currency impact, especially for the markets that Brakes operates in. So, if you can comment on case trends for International and also the overall currency impact, that would be great. I'm assuming that you can track those things a lot more easily now that you've cycled Brakes.
Ajay Jain: Okay. And just one follow-up in terms of the U.S. local case growth, you've had a pretty impressive run now in terms of local case volume. So, over the past couple of years since the start of your three-year growth plan, has there been any noticeable shift in terms of where that volume is coming from at this point? Are you selling more cases to existing customers or is the local case growth coming more from new business? I'm sure you'll probably say it's a little of both, but if you can comment, that would be great.
