William J. DeLaney: Thank you, Neil, and good morning, everyone. This morning Sysco reported strong third quarter financial results. Our performance reflects both the commitment of our 52,000 associates to supporting the success of our customers and the improving execution of our strategy and three-year plan initiatives. During the quarter Sysco delivered sales growth of 2% and gross profit dollar growth of 4% while limiting adjusted operating expense growth to 1.5%, which resulted in adjusted operating income growth of $60 million or 16% compared to the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share grew 15% to $0.46 per share. These results were achieved with the benefit of favorable weather conditions and an earlier Easter holiday compared to the prior-year third quarter. Consumer confidence data points, while still favorable compared to a few years ago, were somewhat uneven and tracked the volatile financial market activity quite closely. Lower fuel prices were likely a net positive, as the impact of consumer spending benefits and reduced delivery costs offset to some degree the economic slowdown we are experiencing in energy-driven economies in certain parts of Texas and in Montana, North Dakota, and Alberta Canada. Turning to specific restaurant industry data, the overall sales trends remain mixed. According to the National Restaurant Association, restaurant sales have been uneven during the first three months of 2016 after steadily rising throughout 2015. Both NPD and KNAPP-TRACK have also shown recent traffic and sales declines. However, even with this recent shopping industry performance, the overall trend remains generally favorable for our customers, as illustrated by the U.S. Census Bureau sales data for the quarter rising 1% above the prior quarter, representing the 11th consecutive quarter of restaurant sales growth. Moving to our results for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, I'm very pleased with the increasing momentum in our business. For the nine-month period ending in March, we delivered the following results. Total broadline cases grew 3.3% and local cases grew 2.9%. Sales were up 1.2% despite being adversely impacted by both deflation and foreign exchange headwinds. Gross profit dollars grew 3.3% and gross margin increased 35 basis points. Adjusted operating income increased $100 million or about 8% compared to the prior year, and adjusted earnings per share grew approximately 10%. These results are in line with our three-year planned financial objectives, to grow adjusted operating income by at least $500 million and to grow earnings per share faster than operating income. Our progress towards the achievement of these financial objectives is being driven by focusing on the following four key levers: accelerating local case growth; improving gross margin; leveraging supply chain costs; and reducing administrative costs. Regarding the reduction of administrative costs, we recently began to implement a workforce reduction of approximately 1,200 positions. We've taken a very thoughtful approach to this difficult process by focusing on prioritizing all existing work more effectively, reducing layers of management, and expanding spans of control. We believe our approach will allow us to continue supporting our customers with a high level of service, as evidenced by the fact that we are not reducing the number of marketing associates or warehouse and delivery associates who directly support our customers. During the quarter we also announced our proposed acquisition of the Brakes Group, a $5 billion European foodservice distributor with significant presence in the United Kingdom, France, and Sweden. We're very excited about this opportunity as we will inherit an excellent leadership team, a business whose customer-centric strategy and culture is very similar to Sysco's, and 15,000 highly capable associates. We expect this acquisition will provide a solid trajectory of EBITDA growth over time and excellent platform for further acquisitions in Europe. Equally important, this transaction will not distract us from driving out our three-year plan in our existing business. We continue to target a June or July closing. As we enter the final quarter of our fiscal year, we are executing our strategy at a high level. We have delivered consistent local case growth for the past two years, expanded gross margins for four consecutive quarters, reduced adjusted cost per case in the field, and put plans into place that will reduce administrative expenses. These actions and related results reinforce our confidence in our ability to achieve our business and financial objectives as we move forward. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
William J. DeLaney: Hey, Kelly, it's Bill. I'll start and I'll let Tom give you a little bit more color. I think in terms of historical context, this is by far the strongest quarter we've had over the last four or five years. And that's very encouraging and certainly something that is bringing the momentum of the business that both Tom and Joel talked about. So in terms of where it's coming from, I think it's the same answer as I would give you if you had asked about margin or even expenses at this point. It's coming from a lot of good work over the last few years on the commercial side of the business that Tom can give you a little more color on, and really good alignment I think with our leadership team throughout Sysco. And I would say this particular quarter, we acknowledged it, there were some tailwinds. And I don't like to talk about weather a lot. I think that the last two third quarters we've talked about weather. Two years ago we had a brutal winter at the beginning of the winter, and last year I think it was at the end of winter, and this year was a pretty mild winter. So I think that helped a little bit. With that said, I think I was also trying to get out there that the data out there right now is a little bit mixed in terms of overall industry growth. So I think we had some tailwinds that we took advantage of. But more than anything, I think it's more and more good execution of key initiatives (22:32) the commercial side over the last three, four years. On the brand – and I'll kick it to Tom real quick – these things tend to go together. When you're growing your business, you're creating differentiation at the customer level, and that's what the brand allows us to do. And so we've brought renewed focus on the brand over the last three years in conjunction with our category management work. And I think we're doing it the right way. And I don't know, we're not really chasing a number here, Kelly. I think what we're saying is the key to all of this is really growing those local cases. And as we do that, we should be able to grow the brand. I don't know that there's a particular percentage that we're trying to get to other than to utilize the brand as a way to differentiate ourselves more effectively. And let me kick it to Tom here and give you a little more color on that.
William J. DeLaney: The reason it can be flat, Andy, is because of some of the work that we've done over the last two or three years with the CRM tool, with some things we're doing in terms of territory management to be more rifle-like in terms of going after the business, and that will continue to be a point of emphasis in our sales strategy.
William J. DeLaney: Look, John, I think we'll continue to tweak things to Tom's point. But this structure we really believe is vital and I think it's been a key part of the beginning of the momentum that you're seeing here over the last several quarters. So I wouldn't expect this structure to change. These are $5 billion and $6 billion markets. So when you think about that, it requires a fair amount of focus between the corporate center and that opco, and so we think we've got it about right here at six.
William J. DeLaney: Hey, Vinnie. There's not a lot to report there. It's just been a couple months as you point out. So we're putting together plans, there's 12 opcos that we're going to bring back to this enhanced SaaS platform and we're going to start with one company here in the next couple months. But we're on target from a planning standpoint. We've put the teams in place and got great coordination between the operating side of the business and the BT side as well as shared services. So early days, but still very committed and on track.
William J. DeLaney: Hey, Stephen. First of all, I wish I could tell you when we were going to cross over between deflation and inflation as we were pretty cautious in our comments. So I think we said that we expect it to last at least another quarter, it could be longer than that based on what we're seeing. And so I'm not really sure when to make that call. As far as your question goes, it's one of those great questions that's hard to answer, even whether I'm looking back or looking forward. But I think if you go back and look at some of the things that we've said over the last several months and putting the three-year plan together, our hope here would be, when we can return to a more moderate inflation environment, that we would grow the cases and at least hold margin flat, maybe grow it a little bit. And that's the plan and that's going to take a lot of cohesive execution which we're quite confident in right now between cap man Tom spoken to rev man here a little bit ago, and continue to grow those local cases. So the key is the local cases and the mix, we need to grow both our local and corporate managed cases, so kind of have that in the right ratio. That will help us on the brand penetration. And if we do that, I think we'll be able to manage our margins well.
William J. DeLaney: Let me start. I think, again, on the momentum part of it, it was a really, really nice quarter and we did a lot of good things and benefited from that. I think from an external standpoint, there were some tailwinds that I don't think you can plan on every quarter in terms of some of the favorable weather comparisons and that kind of thing. And we may be seeing a little bit of a softening out there right now in terms of what we're seeing in our business and the industry. So I think there's the external aspect of that. We can't do much to manage that. But I think, obviously, we're managing within that environment very well right now and we expect to continue to do that. I'll get to your question here in a second. The key, I really think is what Tom spoke to earlier in the earlier question, in terms of sustainability, it has to come from the book of business that we have today in terms of our ability to do that. So certainly our ability to continue to fill a pipeline with quality new account business and that may come from different segments to your point. We are doing some things on the retail side. We have talked a fair amount about some good work we've done over the last couple years on the ethnic side and particularly Hispanic. We have some more opportunity there beyond Hispanic and within Hispanic. The whole area of fresh and organic is an area that provides a lot of opportunities. So whether it's customer segments, product segments, trends in the industry, those are all opportunities for us that we are exploring and beginning to get some traction. With that said, for us to sustain what we've put up here over the last several quarters and, in particular this quarter, we need to continue to penetrate with our existing accounts that's the most profitable business for us, bring in some new accounts from that quality pipeline and do a little bit better and, we're starting to, in terms of our customer retention. So we need to do all of those things and the good news is we are doing those things right now. So I wouldn't overreact to one quarter or another, but when you look at the year-to-date numbers, those are well within the range of what we've targeted for the three years and we remained quite confident that we can deliver that.
William J. DeLaney: That's great trepidation. Let me start and Joel will give you his color on it. One of the things we're very careful about and meticulous about in terms of the three-year plan was to lock in two or three key objectives that we have financially that we thought would resonate with our investors and potential investors based upon feedback that we've gotten. So we locked in operating income growth, and we also acknowledged that we would expect to grow our EPS somewhat faster over that three-year period than the operating income growth. And we locked in our return on invested capital, and we set a goal out there for 15%. Now obviously, that was before the Brakes deal. But we're on track today within the business as it sits today, Ed, to hit or slightly surpass the 15%. Once we close on the Brakes deal, we'll be able to bring that in and give you some color on the impact of that. But we are very, very focused on the return on invested capital. And, obviously, they come together, to your point, in terms of free cash flow and EBITDA growth. So we don't have a particular delta target, if you will, for EBITDA growth or free cash flow right now, but it's been strong here for some time and I would expect it to continue to be strong. And in terms of how we're going invest it, I think you'll continue to see us invested in the business. You're right, we're a little under where we thought we would be our CapEx this year. I think Joel commented that we expect to be around $500 million for the year, which is about 1%. In any given year, that could go up or down a little bit based on timing. But I think that 1%, maybe slightly more every now and then, is what you should expect there. And we're going to continue to – obviously, we're going to be very focused on assimilating Brakes in the right way and even more focused on continuing to run the business here as we've laid out. So bottom line is I think you'll continue to see us invest in the business, about 1% CapEx, increase the dividend modestly, probably not quite as fast as the earnings go up, continue to look for good acquisitions, and opportunistically look at buying back shares. Joel, do you want to...
William J. DeLaney: What I'd say is that we still believe in pricing is local in this business for local customers. And so while they have some autonomy through our revenue management work, we're continuing to do a much better job of giving them tools and process to ensure that we're competitive locally but that we're also managing the business. So I would say we continue to believe it's important for them to have that flexibility for our customers. We want to make sure we're competitive on the street each and every day. And we're trying to create the environment where we're doing that together, meaning the salesperson and the company with both customers and our objectives in mind.
William J. DeLaney: No, I don't think the Easter thing – we called it out just because it was real. But Easter, from my experience, is not quite as big a deal as it used to be years ago. It certainly not as big a factor as Mother's Day, but it was a factor. I think the weather was a bigger factor, Ajay. I think you have to – when you look at the delta and the case growth, it'd be great to think it was all us, but I think part of it, I think, was driven by just a pretty mild winter in most of the markets that we serve. So to me that was a bigger deal than the holiday.
William J. DeLaney: I have no idea when we're going to lap out of it. Just like I probably can't predict when we're going to move from deflation to inflation. Matt, we haven't talked about that publicly. I think, again, we're making an effort here to give you our perspective of what's going on as it impacts – as fuel impacts us. So I think on the good news on the tailwind side of it, there's some flow-thorough we believe with the consumer level. It's hard to quantify that from what we see, but it certainly is enhancing discretionary income. Prices started to pick up here a little bit of late. It has certainly helped us on our cost structure, although we've managed costs extremely well outside of that impact. And we're just pointing out that the downside of it is in a good portion of the Southwest as well as you get up into Montana, North Dakota, and into Alberta, Canada, it goes the other way. So it's meaningful in those markets. And I think if it persists and becomes a more meaningful number, we probably will give you some color on that, but right now we haven't.
William J. DeLaney: Oh my, that's a hard question for me to answer. I can speak to our performance and I think our performance comes from continuing to differentiate ourselves relative to our competition and it remains a very competitive marketplace. And so Tom spoke to the penetration and that's big as well as improved retention. Obviously, as I've said now two or three times and as we've said really since there's been a Sysco, that local case growth, that street case growth is a key focus for us, whereas some of the data that you're citing there is more chain-driven. So I think there's a little bit of a customer mix reconciliation there as well.
William J. DeLaney: Well, hard to assess at this point. And there'll be an impact, John, there's going to be an impact in Europe obviously and the UK in particular. It's hard for me to tell at this point where we are with Brakes to really give you any specific color on that. So we're watching it and we're certainly well aware of when we entered into those discussions. So there's no point in me conjecturing on that. I think we've just got to watch and wait for the vote and see where it goes, but again, just like in this country, people are going to go out to eat and we're very, very fortunate to be getting ready to close the transaction with a very well respected strong company with a great leadership team that's got a lot of good things going on. So we'll deal with whatever comes there, but right now I think we're very excited about the team that we're going to inherit.
William J. DeLaney: Erin, I think we are. I mean I think the markets that we struggled in a year ago, 18 months ago, we certainly have closed the gap there. Now, some of those challenges were self-inflicted and we've gotten better on the talent acquisition side as well over that period of time. So if we were in the business of hiring truck drivers, we'd be in a better place right now. I would have the tradeoff though. I'll take the business and struggle with hiring truck drivers, but to your specific question, that certainly has mitigated or muted over the last several months and it's not a big issue for us right now.
Thomas L. Bené: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. I'll begin my remarks regarding the third quarter by providing an update on some of the initiatives related to our three-year plan and how they've continued to positively impact our business results. As we have mentioned a few times before, our insights-based approach to understanding, meeting our customer's needs, continues to guide our efforts and is clearly driving improved performance. For example, during the third quarter, our U.S. broadline operations delivered case growth of 3.6%, including local case growth of 3.4%, gross profit dollar growth of 4.8%, including an improvement in margin of 39 basis points. And for operating expense, we reduced our adjusted cost per case by $0.08, or $0.03 on a neutral fuel price basis. And we had operating income growth of 11.5%. We are driving increased case growth through a variety of sales and marketing initiatives that are designed to deliver value to our customers while providing a more consistent experience of doing business with Sysco. I'm pleased to report that the third quarter represents the eighth straight quarter of local case growth. As you know, improving gross margin is another key driver of Sysco achieving our three-year targets. And our strong performance this quarter indicates that we are making progress towards delivering our long-term objectives. During the quarter, we delivered solid growth in key center of plate categories such as beef, pork, and poultry. And we continued our growth in produce, reinforcing the benefits driven from a focus on fresh. We also saw a solid increase of more than 50 basis points in Sysco brand sales with our local customers. These efforts combined with other initiatives such as our ongoing work in category and revenue management as well as the impact of deflation contributed to an increase in U.S. broadline gross margin of approximately 40 basis points, the fourth quarter in a row with gross margin expansion. These improvements are especially noteworthy as we've been able to manage through the current deflationary environment fairly well due in part to our ongoing efforts to improve local case growth as a percentage of our mix as well as our continued focus on our category management process. Separately, the operating expense performance during the quarter was particularly strong. We limited total adjusted expense growth to only 1.5% despite case growth of more than 3% and, as mentioned, we reduced our overall cost per case in the U.S. broadline by $0.03 excluding the impact of fuel prices. From a supply chain perspective, we continue to make good progress towards our goals to improve overall service to our customers, while driving higher productivity in our operations through our continuous improvement process. We've also seen good progress through a series of indirect spend initiatives. And while there's still a lot more work to be done, we are seeing improved operating expense trends and we are targeting a continuation of this performance throughout the balance of the fiscal year. In conjunction with the series of initiatives to support our long-term strategy, we are implementing a new market structure that reduces the number of U.S. broadline geographic markets from eight to six, effective at the beginning of our fiscal 2017 year. Each market team will continue to be led by a market president and include key functional leaders across finance, merchandising, supply chain and human resources to provide support to our operating companies to help to drive solid execution of the various corporate initiatives. We believe that the work we've done in building the capability of the organization through the functional structure over the past two years makes this the right time for us to evolve our structure. This change will reduce overall administrative costs in the field, drive efficiency through a more standardized approach and improve execution to our customers. In conjunction with this restructuring, I'm pleased to announce the promotion of three strong Sysco leaders. Greg Bertrand has been appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Foodservice Operations, with responsibility for all U.S. broadline operating companies. We also announced that Scott Sonnemaker has been named Senior Vice President, International Foodservice Operations, Americas, and Bill Goetz has been named Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing. These are just a few of the key priorities and changes that are positively impacting our operational and financial results. While we need continue to execute at a high level, I'm confident we are on the right path to achieve our long-term objectives. In summary, our customer and operational strategies are being executed well on the field and our headquarters teams are doing a terrific job of providing our organization with field-ready tools and processes that are enabling our success. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joel Grade, our Chief Financial Officer
Thomas L. Bené: Thanks, Bill. And I won't repeat a lot of what Bill said because I think he hit pretty clearly on what the key drivers are. Let me just add on the local case growth. You had asked about current customers and new customers. We spend a fair amount of time looking at what we call new sales, lost sales, and then penetration. And think about that as new customers, any customers that we may have lost some business at or where we've done a better job of selling more to those customers. And I would tell you that all of those metrics continue to head in the right direction as it relates to our local customers, meaning our new sales continue to be very strong. Our lost sales have declined a little bit over the past couple of quarters. And our penetration sales, which is what is delivering more to those current customers, has also been increasing. And that's a key metric for us because that tells us that we're improving in all those areas with our customers, our current customers, and making sure that we're continuing to satisfy their needs. So we feel good about all those metrics and where the business is heading. And then lastly, on the Sysco brand, the only thing I'd add to what Bill said is our focus – a lot of the category management focus is in fact driven towards that local customer. And based on that, the more we bring them differentiated solutions – we've talked about innovation in the last couple of quarters – is when we're bringing them new news and innovation, that actually helps us grow our Sysco brand because generally those products are in the Sysco brand lineup. So I think as Bill said, they go hand in hand, and I think this continued focus by us in bringing new and differentiated products to our customers is helping us grow that. And I would agree with Bill, we don't have a number per se that we're targeting. We know that it's important, and we continue to focus on it quarter-in and quarter-out.
Thomas L. Bené: No, I think that's the big change. Our base MAs were very much flat versus the past year and this quarter. Actually because we've got good retention with our marketing associates, we're down a little bit in the number of trainees that we have out there because we just aren't using as many in the pipeline. But overall, we're driving these sales with our existing sales force.
Thomas L. Bené: The only thing that it adds is a little more geography for each of the markets, which means a couple more operating companies that report into that market level. As Bill said, the reason we're confident now is we've had enough time with this structure and the functional leadership that we feel like we're driving out consistency across the business and a few more operating companies for each market is not going be a challenge for them. I think that's the only other thing I'd add is this we're very focused on a consistent design. And what I mean by that is both at the market, but also at the operating company and trying to drive a little more consistency which we believe will improve execution and we've seen that so far and we also believe that we'll create a better customer experience because it will be more consistent market-to-market and operating company to operating company.
Thomas L. Bené: So great question. So we now, literally last week, had our training for our last dozen operating companies. So basically by the end of the fiscal as we've said, we'll be fully up and running, meaning a revenue manager in every operating company and the market structure that's been in place now for a quarter will be fully operational. So what we continue to believe is that by leveraging that organization and creating a more standardized set of what I'd call routines and they've partnered nicely with our business technology team in creating some tools for these folks to really focus on ensuring that the product costs in a market is competitive and consistent. And we believe that by leveraging those routines and some of those tools out there that we're going continue to see some benefit on the margin side. It's really there as a support or enabler for cases, it's not a driver of case growth per se, other than ensuring that we've got the right market pricing in place. So we feel good about where we're at. I'm not in a point where I'm looking to peg a number for you, but I think we feel good about the work that's been done and we're continuing to scale it across the organization.
Thomas L. Bené: This is Tom. I'm not sure there's necessarily any big changes by product category. It's a fairly developed side of our business. And so what I think it allows us to do is, as we introduce new products through the innovation pipeline, most of those are Sysco brand. So that is maybe one new focus area. And I wouldn't say that's necessarily in any specific category. I think the only other thing I'd say is that a lot of what we do in the produce space, and you've heard me talk about the produce growth and this focus on fresh, is in Sysco brand as well. And that, certainly, that continued focus there, that growth that we're seeing in some of those areas are also driving some of the Sysco brand momentum.
Thomas L. Bené: Why don't I jump in? First of all, it's hard to tell whether we're taking share, but we're certainly seeing good growth in these areas. So as you I think know, we have our own specialty companies in these areas, FreshPoint on the produce side, and also a variety of specialty meat companies across the enterprise. But we're very focused on these categories, and I don't think it's necessarily a new thing for Sysco. But what we know is if we can perform well for our customers in these maybe more challenging categories at times of delivering fresh meat and produce, then that allows us to do the other things also and also do them well. And so we've had a focus on quality and making sure that we've always got the right products out there. We've got a great program in place through our Sysco brand around traceability, which is also very important. So we definitely believe that even as large as we are, we're able to compete in this space. And we're continuing to focus on how we can be better every day for our customers. And so I think we feel good about our performance to date and feel like we can continue to grow in this area, but it's an ongoing day-to-day management of that business to be successful.
Thomas L. Bené: So we haven't talked about where we think it can go. What we have talked about is that our approach here is to provide the options to our customers to order in whatever manner they choose. And so we continue to believe that's the right approach. We feel great about our marketing associates and the work they've been doing. We know that we need a good viable online system and that's what we've been rolling out through our mobility platform. And, obviously, we still have orders that are placed in other means, called in or faxed in. Having said that, we continue to feel good about the work we're doing. The mobility piece, think about mobility as more a handheld or the iPad, iPhone type of – or Android device. We obviously have desktop. And so our – as I think we've said before, our online purchases are still relatively small in the street, just slightly under 10%, but growing. And we feel really good about the progress we're making there. But we haven't pegged a number by a certain date because we really believe it's going to find its level place based on what the customers' needs and expectations are.
Joel T. Grade: I would say maybe about a quarter of that was, I think even a little less than that. There was a part of that that was – it's that stuff then what I'll call a one-time write-off of projects that were in process that were associated with the SAP conversion at the time when that decision was made. We took a one-time charge on some of those. Again, it was split up for the most part between, again, the one-time write-off which was quite a bit higher than the accelerated...
Joel T. Grade: ...depreciation, and then again, a couple other severance-related costs that are part of a certain item.
Joel T. Grade: That's right. Then something you'll see in the third quarter, not part of the accelerated depreciation, that was a one-time write-off of project costs that were again associated with the SAP.
Joel T. Grade: No, I think you've hit it. And then, again, we had a pretty decent operating income quarter as well in Q4 of last year. So I think we're just calling out that the comparison for this quarter in particular is a bit tougher than we've had over the last three.
Joel T. Grade: This is Joel. We've talked about when we talked about the couple recent announcements that we've had that we anticipated around $70 million for this year and around $130 million for next year. Those estimates still hold. So I don't know if that answered your question, but the numbers that we talked about earlier, we still feel good about in terms of as we look forward.
Joel T. Grade: There's an element of severance actually built into those numbers, Ajay. So we made some estimates in terms of severance. The $70 million and $130 million basically were comprised of, the way I think about it, really four different things. It was this one-time write-off this year in this quarter, which we talked about in terms of the construction in progress write-off. It's accelerated depreciation, it's severance and what we call conversion costs, things that essentially are due to moving from the SAP system to our enhanced version of SaaS. So I would think about that really as grouped in kind of those four different areas. And so severance again, we have severance estimate that was actually part of that number for those two years.
Joel T. Grade: And I would just add one thing if I could, it's Joel. Just as a reminder, the way it impacts our financials, yes, there is some margin benefit to that. However, ultimately the dollars on the gross profit side we roll through are less when we have deflation typically. So that certainly is the headwind for us, just as a reminder of that.
Joel T. Grade: Yeah. And I would add, just as a reminder, I mean, we're in this thing for the long haul. I mean, we look at that deal as very much a part of our long-term value creation. And so again, as Bill said, we certainly knew that was out there when this was in here, but we're certainly in this for the long term.
Joel T. Grade: Sure, this is Joel. I'll take that. The CapEx commentary, I mean, there's some element of timing in that, but I wouldn't say a lot. So I mean, wouldn't think about this, that there's going be some big spike next year as a result. It is – Bill talked about, we specially see this area around 1% of sales, from CapEx being a very normal and reasonable number for us. Again, we've got a very disciplined process for the way we manage that based on the needs of our business. And so again, there's some element of timing in that, but, again, I wouldn't expect something significant changing going forward on that. And then from a Brakes perspective, the one thing I think we've talked about is that, in general, this company has been well invested in and so certainly as part of the modeling we did for the deal, we factored in some level of CapEx as you'd expect. But, again, I think the level they're anticipating and the level we are, are relatively in line. So I would certainly, again, anticipate – again, we'll give some more clear guidance on that once the deal's done, but just at a high level, I think you're getting in there in a pretty well invested place and look at CapEx in a relatively similar way than we do.
