Joel Grade: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Tom mentioned earlier, we are excited about our performance in achieving our initial three year plan and pleased with the results for both the fourth quarter and the full year. This morning, I'll start with our quarterly results. Sales and gross profit growth were strong at 6.2% and 5.7%, respectively, as we saw positive impacts from overall and local case growth, continued Sysco Brand growth and a benefit from inflation and foreign exchange. Adjusted operating expense growth was 2.5%, resulting in adjusted operating income growth of 15.7% and adjusted earnings per share of $0.94. In addition, we continue to generate meaningful free cash flow as we achieved $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2018. For the fourth quarter, we saw a foreign exchange benefit to sales of approximately 1%. Sysco also experienced inflation in our U.S. Broadline business of 1.1%, driven by a few categories, including dairy, frozen potatoes and vegetables and paper disposables, partly offset by deflation in poultry. Within our International business, inflation was driven by a combination of both product costs increasing and currency translation in the U.K. During the quarter, we had gross profit growth of 5.7% driven by overall and local volume growth and improved Sysco Brand penetration. Adjusted operating expenses grew 2.5% for the quarter. The increase in expense was largely driven by supply chain costs in both warehouse and transportation, which were mostly related to increased fuel costs and a tighter labor market and the previously announced investment in our selling organization in our U.S. operations.  Additionally, we continue to make investments in transformation and integration in our International business. These costs were partly offset by favorable comparison in corporate expense versus the prior year that we previously mentioned. As a result, we saw a gap between gross profit dollar growth and adjusted operating expense growth of 320 basis points this quarter. And while we don't expect to see that trend to continue, we do expect our three year plan gap to be approximately 150 basis points. As it relates to taxes, our net earnings for the fiscal year were impacted by lower tax rates from U.S. Tax Reform where our U.S. federal rates went from 35% to 28%. Other favorable impacts include additional credits and tax benefits from stock option exercises. Cash flow from operations was $2.2 billion for fiscal year 2018. Net CapEx for fiscal year 2018 was $666 million or about 1.1% of sales, which was $3 million higher than last year. Free cash flow for fiscal year 2018 was $1.5 billion, which was $83.6 million lower compared to last year, primarily due to a pension plan contribution we discussed last quarter. As Tom mentioned earlier, we also achieved results that exceeded our original three year plan targets, excluding any impact of Brakes. This includes an adjusted return on invested capital, excluding Brakes, of 20.2% and our working capital improvement was 5 days or 1 day better than the original target. Now, I'd like to close with some commentary on the outlook for fiscal 2019. As Tom mentioned, fiscal 2018 was the first year of our current three year plan concluding in fiscal 2020. For this current plan, we continue to feel confident in our ability to achieve our goal of $650 million to $700 million of operating income improvement. The inflationary environment has abated throughout the year and while we can't predict the impact that macroeconomic factors will play in the cost of our products, we believe modest levels of inflation will likely continue for at least the next few quarters. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 1.2% to 1.3% of sales. And from a cash perspective, as we previously stated, our U.S. federal tax rate will drop to 21%. With the addition of state and local jurisdictions, we expect our overall effective tax rate to be approximately 25%, similar to the rate for this year due to some tax benefits that occurred in fiscal 2018 that we anticipate will not fully repeat in fiscal 2019. In summary, we've had a very strong performance over the past three years and the fundamentals of our business remained solid. We are excited about the future as we kick off fiscal 2019. We expect to deliver continued strong top line fundamentals and improved cost management, building on the momentum from the prior three years. Our strategic priorities of enriching the customer experience, delivering operational excellence, optimizing the business and activating the power of our people will accelerate our current growth and position us well for future success. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Joel Grade: Sure, Ed. I'll start. And I think the answer to that is there really is no, what I'd call, fundamental changes in our view of that. I think you've hit on a couple of the points. I mean, certainly our contract growth was again a bit higher this quarter as well as the freight certainly has still continued to have an impact. And again, we certainly anticipate that continuing, but in terms of any other fundamental impact to that, Ed, I -- there's really none I would call out there.
Joel Grade: Sure. So I think one of the things that we've spent a fair bit of time talking about is the idea that, to some extent, FY '18 was certainly a strong finish to the last, but it was also an investment year. We talked about the fact that if you kind of rewound about 1.5 years ago, given the trajectory we're moving on, in the last three year plan, we got a lot of questions on, "Hey, do we -- are we actually extrapolating that out to an even stronger end of the three year plan than we even ended up?" And part of the reason we continued to emphasize that the high end of the range that we were -- had talked about was just the fact that we continue to -- we do have some investments in our business we're planning to make that we anticipate will continue to benefit here over the next three year plan and then certainly beyond. So I would just look at '18 somewhat -- and again, it was something that we had a view of and then talked about of some investments that we've made that we called out in our sales force, in our International business in terms of some of the transformation work from technology, from the integration of the merger from the supply chain in the U.K. And so I think I would look at it that way. And so -- and as we move forward, obviously, the main impact this year that I would say we anticipate accelerating over the course of the three year plan is really somewhere around this gap between gross profit and operating expenses. This year came in at a gap about 1% and, again, much of that was related to some of the investment that we talked about. And so I would anticipate, as we move forward a -- as we called out earlier in the call today, a 1.5% gap as we go through that three year plan and certainly that means, from an expense perspective, probably some improvement there as we move into that three year plan.
Joel Grade: Yes. And again, Judah, just I think the question that you made actually was on the gross profit per case and, again, that's -- as I mentioned earlier, I mean, I don't know that any -- there's a bit of a flattening out at this particular this quarter. Again, I'm not overly concerned about that on a long-term basis. And as Tom said earlier, we certainly feel very good about the -- about our outlook for our three year plan moving forward.
Joel Grade: Sure, this is Joel. So I think a couple of points on that. I mean, number one, as we've headed into this quarter, one of the things that we've given a heads-up to people on is the fact that we anticipated this quarter being in -- this sort of this gap being very strong as it relates to last year due to some things that were in last year's expenses, particularly on the corporate side, that were not in this year. And so -- and we also, I think, made a point today of making sure to point out that, look, this -- obviously, the 3 points -- the 320 basis point gap is extremely strong. That's not something I would look at as a long-term trend, but really settling in around over time, again, this long-term view of 1.5 points between GP and OpEx. And so I -- this is not a matter of somehow doing something that is a onetime expense cut that hit that. It's simply something we anticipated coming. We've continued to improve, again, our management of our expenses. We had a strong year in general in our corporate expenses and so that was something that, over the course of the year, certainly helped us manage the gap that we had and, again, make some of those savings and investing them in our operations as we've talked about throughout the year. But in no way, shape or form should you interpret the strength of what happened in this fourth quarter as somehow anything that was a management or resource that's going to impact us negatively moving forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. I would say that's typically how we comment on these things. Obviously, much beyond that is not really any basis on anything and wouldn't be responsible in our part so that's just our typical comfort of how we look forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. And so, again, I think you remember the -- some of the calendar challenges that we outlined in the beginning that actually had certainly a more positive second half than the first half of the year, but I would anticipate and think about that business more along the lines of what you saw in the second half. The first half was clearly impacted by a fairly negative calendar impact. And I think there's certainly an expectation that we continue to grow profits there. I think that's a more reasonable run rate to think about within second half of the year.
Joel Grade: So in the U.S. Broadline, just to your first question, again, our current view is that we anticipate a modest level of inflation. So at this point, we're not seeing what you're suggesting in terms of deflation, but I would say a modest level of inflation. In the European, primarily in the U.K., again, depending on the variability of the sterling, we certainly still anticipate some challenges there given the fact that, I think as we talked about, probably half their product is procured from outside of the U.K. Obviously, they're working hard to do things to manage that more effectively, but that still continues to be an issue and we anticipate that to carry forward a bit.
Joel Grade: Well, I think just one other comment on that. I mean, the categories, Tom mentioned earlier in his comments, it does matter in terms of the categories. And we have seen some deflation in some of the center of the plate categories, poultry are less inflation, I would say. And meat has been another one of those, as of late, we've seen some of that. So I think there's -- that gets back a little bit of the GP per case as well and -- but there's been some level of that, that we experienced.
Joel Grade: Yes. So I'll take that. We're actually -- I think we've got also a decent start here in the first part of this year. So in other words, this wasn't some type of a onetime shot at the end of the year. We continue to see some good progress here in the first part of this year.
Joel Grade: Yes. And Marisa, again, just as a reminder, that's -- we don't necessarily -- we don't set a target per se in terms of it, but we certainly do expect -- anticipate some continued runway there. And again, it's all driven by our ability to continue to drive value-added products in the marketplace. That creates a pull on our demand for those products and ultimately grows our percentages.
Joel Grade: I don't know that I'd sort of overemphasize that. I mean, there may be a little bit of it, but I mean, the reality of it is, I mean, we managed our way through that pretty well. Again, over the last question, Marisa, on the freight, there's probably going to be a little bit of overlap when we saw some of that big impact in the second quarter, but in general, I -- we're not anticipating anything real significant there in terms of the overlap.
Joel Grade: Well, I guess, I'll start. And I think the main way I'd think about that from a freight perspective, I mean, obviously the three year plan and there's a lot of puts and takes on a lot of these numbers. We certainly have committed to a level of growth in gross profit and OpEx in a relative basis and certainly feel good about the fact that we have -- again, feel strongly about achieving those numbers. In other words, some of the takes that we may have on fuel in terms of the freight from the gross profit area, we certainly anticipate strong results in growing our local cases and our brand, our category management, our revenue management. There's certainly all these things that we've factored into this whole thing, realizing not everything goes exactly how you think it's going to all the time, but feeling very good about that number. On the fuel side, again, from a magnitude perspective, I mean, there's a couple of cents per case in fuel that have been impacting us here. But certainly, and as we've talked about, we've done a lot of work around some derivative hedges to make sure that we're giving ourselves some consistency, some stability around those numbers and that's certainly, if it's kind of on a rolling basis, a year ahead. And so I think that's certainly good -- at least 2/3 of our fuel purchases are covered by some of that and so there's certainly some level of consistency we achieved through that. So I guess, what I would say to you is, I mean, the -- we are -- one of our roles in running this company is there's a lot of puts and takes that go into some of this stuff and we certainly believe there's enough levers to pull in different places to -- that neither of those two things are going to have any dramatic impact to us as we look at our three year plan, but challenges nonetheless.
Joel Grade: I think it's roughly that. I think it's not the -- if you kind of back out all the FX impacts and on an adjusted basis, our whole International operation was up a little bit. And so I think Brakes was probably off a bit. I would not -- I'd call more down slightly than flat.
Joel Grade: Yes, Ajay. I'll take that. It's Joel. I mean, so obviously, part of that is some seasonality. Our third quarter typically is a smaller quarter. So it's just purely -- excuse me, compare Q3 and Q4. Again, I wouldn't expect that to actually be similar. And as we talked about heading into this quarter, I guess, you're correct. It is -- there is no impact whatsoever Brakes with that number. It is a -- we had a strong quarter. We anticipated some year-over-year impact on some corporate expenses that we had in the prior year versus this year, but in general, we had a strong quarter and certainly finished the year and the three year plan out in a strong way.
Joel Grade: Sure. So we don't quantify specifically. What I can say to you is you're correct. We did talk about a calendar shift that impacted, I'd say, negatively the first half of the year and more positively the second half of the year for Brakes. However, that had zero impact at all on our three year plan. The vendor allowances you're referring to in any sort would actually be anything would be in their business and that would all be within Brakes and so there's no impact at all in any of the numbers that we had as far as our three year plan. It's a very pure number and we exceeded it, what we actually had called out earlier. We came out ahead. We feel very good about it.
Thomas Bené: Yes. Good morning. This is Tom. Look, we've been talking about this for a few quarters now. I mean, the freight challenges out there are real. I think that every industry who's moving freight is dealing with them. And so what I'd say is -- and I think we went all the way back to our probably second quarter when we first started feeling the impacts of this. We struggled a little bit early on, making sure we were getting our lanes filled. We were getting our service levels from our suppliers where we needed them. We started a very aggressive approach back then and continued on through our third and fourth quarter, trying to really make sure we get the right relationships in place with carriers. We've got the right plans in place with our suppliers so that we don't have the type of service issues that one could expect or might expect in dealing with this situation. So I think we've done a lot of work as a team to mitigate that as much as we can. That doesn't mean we don't have some of the cost impacts because we got to get the freight there. In some cases, we're still having to go to spot market. We're still having to pay higher rates than we were a year ago, but from a service level perspective, I don't think we're having nearly the challenges that maybe some others have talked about. What I'd say as it relates to our own drivers and more on the outbound side, we do have challenges filling driver roles in certain markets where the labor market's just very tight. We see regularly drivers being offered significant upfront incentives to join a company. We're having to do some of that same type of thing. So there -- it is very real that there's a tight market out there for drivers and we're experiencing some of that just like everyone else is.
Thomas Bené: Chris, yes. So regarding case growth, I'd say really a continuation of a lot of things we’ve talked about, but certainly, e-commerce, as it does grow, we're now at about 50%. We have seen some improved penetration with customers who are buying on the e-commerce site, so that's certainly helping. But I would say the additional MAs that we added in the year and we've talked a bit about that as well as the training programs we now have and the way we can get our MAs up to a rate of productivity a little faster maybe then we've historically been able to would be maybe another driver. We talked a lot about our focus in this area. And I think it really is about, one, applying the resources in the places where the biggest opportunities exist. That's some work we've been doing now for a while. And then additionally, making sure that they've got access to the right resources, whether that's specialists to help them grow the parts of their business where maybe we're underdeveloped or even accelerating our business review process we've talked to you all a fair amount about. So it really is a lot of the same fundamental things, but I think as we -- all those things start to come together, we see that acceleration there. I also mentioned and I think this is true that, that independent customer continues to be kind of well-positioned. And we're seeing that work out for us, too.
Thomas Bené: Chris, the only thing I'll add is, I mean, I think what you should take away is we're committed to that three year plan number that we talked about last December. And so as Joel just said, there's some things we need to accelerate and improve on in '19 and '20 and we feel comfortable we can do that.
Thomas Bené: So Judah, I think, let me just start and I'll let Joel jump in. I mean, when you say flattish gross profit, we are on our kind of gross profit or actually above our gross profit target for the three year plan. So I think we feel good about our ability to deliver the gross profit growth. And obviously, if we can get some help from what's happening with products and inflation, we might -- we feel comfortable we can get there. I think you're raising the point that Joel was just referring to, which is the cost side. We need to continue to focus on the cost to make sure that we can, in fact, keep that 1.5-point gap that we have alluded to over this three year plan. And we've got some work to do there, but I think we feel good about our ability to get there.
Thomas Bené: No. I'd say, look, you guys know, we talk about this pretty often. It's very competitive out there. It remains very competitive. I wouldn't say that -- anything that they talked about was necessarily a similar impact for us. And I'm not necessarily sure we, in any way, benefited by the challenges they were facing. So I think it's pretty much we see the same competitive environment we've always operated in.
Thomas Bené: We talked about there are a couple of things driving that. So if you think about the freight impact for sure on the inbound side; the customer mix, which as Joel talked about earlier, the fact that we had more growth in our national customers or our contract business; and then product mix also comes into play there some so which products are inflating versus not. So I'd say those 3 things and combined probably affect that, but we still feel really good about those numbers. And we're able to basically hold our margin flat given everything else that's going on. We feel actually really good about that.
Thomas Bené: Sure, Vinnie. I'd say you actually hit on a few of the things yourself, which is e-commerce has continued to grow. As you said, we're at 50% now and which has been kind of an ongoing move. As we talked a lot about how we think about e-commerce, it's really been this customer choice platform. And so we -- the good news is we're seeing more and more customers wanting to migrate to e-commerce. And so the other big thing with our sales force, and so we go back to the MAs. We talked through the last couple of quarters that we've added marketing associates. And we're kind of at that point now. I wouldn't say we're necessarily adding more, but we still have some of the expenses associated with those new marketing associates in our numbers. When I think about getting those more -- those marketing associates more productive, what we're really talking about is how do we get them into a territory where they're actually delivering results. And I think the training programs we now have, the way we bring them on board and the type of more focused effort we got around that is really helping us get them into a territory starting to produce, if you will, on a much quicker basis. We used to talk about that would take 18 months to two years to get someone up to speed and we're -- we've cut that in about half now. We believe that, that is certainly something that we're going to continue to get better at. Part of what helps drive that is the support resources we give them as we try to move them from being order takers to more consultative sellers. And I think we've made really good progress there as well. And our people -- so our people's capability is growing. Therefore, how they're investing their time is getting better. And that's translating into not only larger territories, but more importantly, more effective and productive selling resources.
Thomas Bené: Sure. I think we're still early days on a lot of those investments. Now, we kind of break up some of the countries in Europe. We talked about the Irish business where we had owned Pallas Foods for quite a few years now. That integration between Brakes and the Pallas business in Ireland has actually gone very well and I'd say in that place where we're close to the end of our full investment as well as benefits that are coming out of there. In the U.K. and France in particular, both those geographies, we still are kind of early days and are investing there to get these distribution businesses and the operating environment, we talked about our multi-temp, up to where we'd like it to be. The good news is, in both places, we think once we get there, that will be a competitive advantage for us, but we do have a few years ahead of us of investments and really bring that organization along to some of those changes.
Thomas Bené: Karen, just on that inflation in the U.S., it has gotten less throughout the year. So the beginning of the year, we talked it was a couple, 2 to 3 points. It has slowed to kind of 1 to 1.5. So it is slowing. We don't necessarily believe that's going to go deflationary, but you're right in assuming that it's mitigating some.
Thomas Bené: Andrew, I think it's a combination of all those things. We have seen -- which is good news -- we have seen our penetration, which is that same-store turn going up, which is good. That's some of the hardest growth to get, but we have seen penetration improve, which does speak, I think, positively around some of the trends we're seeing in the industry. And then obviously, we continue to focus on new customer growth and that's always an opportunity and certainly something that's the lifeblood of this business. So it's really a combination of both.
Thomas Bené: We don't necessarily comment on the number of salespeople we've added, but again, we're much more targeted today than we were in the past and we feel good about how we approach the focused kind of resourcing that we do out in the market.
Thomas Bené: Sure, Marisa. So I think the -- as you think about the freight, look, I think we do know we're going to start lapping some of that here in our second quarter. I think that based on that, we kind of think about that maybe flat to maybe up slightly. Again, hard to predict what's going to continue to happen in this space. And then as you think about customer mix, that obviously will continue to play a role until we cycle some of that new national customer business. But we look to -- continue to look at obviously category management as a way to offset some of that as well as our Sysco Brand, which we continue to be very focused on. So if you think about the combination of inflation, the work we're doing around category management in our Sysco Brand, our revenue management tools we talked about to help us manage through that inflation and even deflation, if it flips on us, we feel like -- we feel pretty good about our gross margin focus. We are not looking to see a step-up necessarily in gross margin on a percentage basis, but we aren't necessarily looking to see it go the other way either. We're just looking to manage it as best as possible in the new year.
Thomas Bené: I think we see it actually on both. And there probably maybe even more opportunity on the contract side. I think there's work we still have to do there to create the environment that's easy for all those customers to participate more in Sysco Brand, but we still see an opportunity in the local customers as well. It's really a balance of making sure we're bringing out the right type of products. You heard me talk about the Cutting Edge Solutions and we're now at 1 million cases. A majority of those items are Sysco Brand items and we can continue to bring innovative solution-type products to the marketplace. We are seeing good traction there and we think that creates even more runway for us on the Sysco Brand.
Thomas Bené: Kelly, the only thing I'd add on the operating expense side is with that fuel pressure that Joel talked about and this more our side now, the delivery driver, retention and hiring along with some just challenges we're seeing starting to see in that same way in the warehouse, we just have to be really good at driving productivity in our supply chain. And so those are real headwinds that we'll be dealing with. And what we're very focused on is how do we cover those through productivity improvements, whether that's in the way we -- our cases that we deliver per truck and per route and all the metrics that we really focus on to improve the overall productivity of our operation. So that's -- to Joel's point, we have a lot of that, that we try to build in. We've got a lot of work to do. And we probably have more headwinds than we've had in a few years, mostly driven by the tight labor market and some of the recent fuel increases.
Thomas Bené: John, so I think there -- the approach we now have, I would tell you that there's opportunities in many markets. And some markets are bigger than others where we've got -- where our -- maybe our market position is a little stronger, but many markets have those opportunities. And as far as the type of individual we're hiring, I'd say it's a combination. We certainly are still finding folks who are looking to join Sysco who got experience either in the industry on our side kind of the industry or even on the operator side of the industry. And then we also, with our new program, have brought in some folks more earlier in their career and we now have a program, a development training program and onboarding program that allows us to do that. And so it's really a balance of -- we're looking for the best people in general, who we feel like would be successful working for Sysco.
Thomas Bené: If you're talking about from a total number, we did a majority of that this last year or the year that we're in, right, that we're talking about. So there's little bit of an overhang as we go into '19. We continue to hire obviously. We have -- we turn up a bit of the sales force every year. So we're always in the market hiring and we're always going to look at putting those people where the biggest opportunities exist. And so you should think about it more as we're going to continue to use the tools we have now to deploy a selling organization in the right places. As we talked earlier, hopefully, continue to drive more productivity because of things like e-commerce and focusing them more on consultative selling versus order taking. But generally speaking, I wouldn't think about a further ramp-up of more MAs in fiscal year '19.
Thomas Bené: John, it's a really good question and an important point. I think -- if you think about one of the things we've talked about recently is we even got an initiative out there. We talked about small vehicle initiative. And part of the reason for that is there are really couple of drivers of it, not the least which is the fact that it enables us to get around with smaller drops to customers to increase our -- and improve our service level. But one of the things we're also learning is that because those trucks don't require a certain class driver, that we -- the pool of potential candidates to fill those routes is larger. And that's something that we're going to be accelerating in fiscal year '19 because we've gotten the learnings now and seen some of the benefits. So that's certainly one way that we're going to try to deal with this ongoing challenge. And then additionally, you talked about -- look, anything we can do to move more effort into the warehouse and make it easier for that delivery driver to do his job not only creates satisfaction for them, but also helps us deliver and meet the service requirements of our customers. Ultimately, as you articulated, I think it had probably maybe a small impact in certain markets when we can't get the drivers that we need from a top line perspective, but more importantly, I think it's affecting our cost and it's why we've got to continue to look for new and different ways to manage that.
Thomas Bené: Ajay, I actually think we see a lot of positive trends still in the industry. So I don't think we see really a lot of negative headwinds relating to industry performance. If you look at the quarter 2 for various parts of the industry that were fairly positive, certainly still some traffic challenges across some of the segments, but the spend was up very nicely. And so I think we continue to feel pretty good about it. The food-away-from-home, while growing less maybe than it did for a while, is still positive. And so we're seeing pretty good trends. And we think that not the least, which is like this delivery trend, you think about food delivery, the results we're hearing is they're seeing pretty significant growth, like 40% to 50% growth in that area. So that just creates more opportunities for consumers to get the products they want from restaurants. So we're seeing a lot of positives.
Thomas Bené: So I'd say, look, we've been in pilot mode for a while and we've looked at both what I would call metro urban markets as well as more standard operating companies and we have learnings from each of those. We will continue to add these in the market. We feel like it's -- the results have been positive. And it's really -- there's no one set situation. These are not fill-in -- these are not recovery-type vehicles, meaning if we have something that's missed or a product comes in late that we get it out to the customer, this is actually part of our everyday delivery and routing. And so we're seeing lots of different benefits in different markets for different reasons, but a little bit of all the things you talked about are certainly options for us and something we'll continue to learn about and as we expand it.
Thomas Bené: Well, first of all, it's still very early as we're going through this learning, but I don't necessarily think it opens up a new market for us. I think it's just being more efficient with what we do today. And whether it's the size of the drop and we have a smaller vehicle than a larger one making that drop or allows us to get into some places that are a little harder to deliver to, but I don't think necessarily opens some new market for us.
