William DeLaney: Thank you, Neil, and good morning, everyone. This morning, Sysco reported second quarter sales of $9.4 billion, operating income of $437 million and EPS of $0.44 per share. Sales grew 5.8% over the prior year, while operating income decreased 5.5% and EPS was $0.01 lower than last year's second quarter. Volume growth was softer than what we experienced in the previous two quarters, and expense pressure increased in our selling and delivery areas. However, the primary factor in our producing lower earnings compared to the prior year was the decline in gross margins of just over 0.5%. For the second consecutive quarter, we experienced double-digit rates of product cost increases in three categories: Meat, Seafood and Dairy, that comprised 1/3 of our total sales dollar mix. These are key product categories for many of our customers and absorbing steep and rapid price increases is difficult for them, especially at this early stage of what we all hope is a sustainable if somewhat uneven economic recovery. While we actually produce real volume growth in these categories, we are unable to increase our case growth enough to offset the fact that our product cost in these categories grew at a faster rate than our selling prices.  While not impacting our earnings as significantly as inflation pressures, the strategic pricing initiatives we discussed last quarter also contributed to gross margin erosion in the second quarter. We are, however, encouraged by the double digit year-over-year volume growth we are experiencing with the items included in these programs, and we remain confident that the long-term benefits of these initiatives will meet our expectations for profitable market share growth. In assessing our performance for the quarter and for that matter, the first half of our fiscal year, we clearly struggled to achieve some of our key business objectives. Market conditions definitely contributed to our struggles. However, there is no doubt that we have opportunities to improve the execution of our business plan as we move into the second half of our fiscal year. Such improvement is a top priority for me and our entire leadership team.  Looking forward, I'm highly confident that Sysco is well positioned to grow our business profitably and at a faster rate than our $210 billion market gross over the longer term. We do believe that we are in the early stages of an economic recovery based upon our trends throughout calendar year 2010. However, as we saw on the second quarter, that recovery and to some extent, our financial results, may be somewhat choppy due to the economic challenges that consumers continue to face.  Our operating cash flow remains strong and our strategy, which we presented in detail at our Investor Meeting in early December, is sound. As you may recall, our strategy is customer centric in nature with the strong emphasis on operational excellence. Our associates throughout Sysco continue to provide dedicated support and excellent service to our customers. Our business review process is more targeted than ever, and the quality of these reviews improves each year. While fuel cost increases in the impact of nearly 5% inflation in our overall product portfolio created pressure on delivery and selling expenses, we did experience productivity improvements in our warehouse operations and administrative support functions in the second quarter. We're also encouraged by the current level of quality acquisition opportunities in the marketplace. In addition, we recently welcomed Paul Moskowitz to Sysco in the capacity of Senior Vice President, Human Resources. We're excited to have Paul join our team and look forward to his contributions and leadership as we further develop our human capital capabilities. Two key goals reflected in our strategy are to grow sales faster than our market gross and grow earnings faster than sales over the long term. Successfully implementing our multiyear Business Transformation initiative is critical to achieving those goals. We are currently well into the testing phase of our work and are targeting implementation in a pilot site prior to the end of the fiscal year.  Before turning today's call over to Chris, I would like to emphasize that we are committed to striking the appropriate balance between achieving both our near-term financial goals and investing in our business in a manner that will allow Sysco to realize its full potential over the long term. While some of the unfavorable market conditions and operational challenges I have discussed this morning will likely remain with us for the next few months, we expect the economy to continue to gradually improve. Our clear focus as a management team, over the balance of the fiscal year, is to both support our customers with their operational challenges and improve the execution of our business plan.  Now I'll turn things over to Chris, so he could provide additional details on our financial results for the second quarter.
William DeLaney: As far as change taking share from independents, yes, that's been a slow but steady trend really since I've been in the business, which is over 20 years. So I think that continues. It's not a rapid change, but it certainly continues to be the case. I think if you look at some of the industry data, you'll see in terms of restaurant closings, most of those are on the independent side, you have a net basis. With that said, I just think it's always important to point out that there are a lot of independent restaurants out there and certainly, we have tremendous relationships with many of them. And when you have great operations or if you're a great operator whether you are on our side of the business or whether you're on the restaurant side, let's say, you're going to do well. So the better operators are continuing to do well both on the distribution side and on the operator side, and we would expect that to continue. But there currently has been a gradual shift from independent to chain. But I wouldn't say it's picking up steam or anything like that.
William DeLaney: Yes, well, that certainly plays right to a lot of what we talked about up in New York back in December which is that phenomena as I mentioned has been going on for a while. For a couple of decades, we had great demographic tailwinds in this business, and the industry growth had slowed here in the late 90s and most of the new millennium, and I think we're all aware of the environment in the last couple of three years. So essentially, our strategy is just two-fold: one is to continue to work as closely as we can with the customers that value a partnership with Sysco become more and more relevant to their success and at the same time continue to take cost out of our system, both in the short term through a lot of key operational initiatives that we talked about in the past in terms of managing our miles and looking at our engineered standards in the warehouse and all that type of thing. But even beyond that, over the last couple of years, we've committed ourselves to a transformational project here, which we believe will position us well to continue to take shares for the years ahead, but also allows us to take some additional costs out of our system.
William DeLaney: Well, I think eventually allowed to get passed through, John. We're two, two and a half year highs, you've got a lot of these commodities that I'm sure you follow regularly as well. So as I mentioned in my comments, these boxes -- these are expensive boxes in these particular categories, especially in the Meat and Seafood areas, so they're very significant part of the spend budget for our customers. And so it's difficult for them to absorb price increases in the short term and as a result, we've struggled to pass it along in the right way. So I expect that over time, generally and gradually we'll be able to do that, but I think it will take a lot longer.
William DeLaney: I think you have to kind of look at it in context over the years. I think how we position ourselves still continues to be the case. We want to be competitive. We think if you look at our overall offering to our customers, we feel we're competitively priced and the survey work that we get back from the customers that do a fair amount of business through Sysco they see us being competitive. I don't know that I would characterize ourselves as a price leader, per se. But with that said, John, in the environment that we've been in, as we’ve kind of crossed over into an interesting time now where there's growth in the marketplace, but it's modest growth. The psychology of the market place is probably as good as it's been in some time. But everything feels a little tenuous. So it's still very competitive out there. I think the one thing you're seeing is we're trying to strike the right balance between obviously growing our earnings but making sure that we hold our position with our customers and find a way to grow share where that make sense. Case-by-case, maybe a little bit more on the aggressive side here over the last six to nine months.
William DeLaney: I mean, you're right. I think it's pretty moderate in the other categories. Other than the -- I'd say in the core Grocery category, let me focus on that, which is a good percentage of what we sell, it's modest and we've been able to pass out a lot. I think we have opportunities to grow our volumes on those categories, and that's something I think that when I talk about us being more and more focused on executing our business plan, I think there's opportunity there.
William DeLaney: Tough to answer. We certainly -- as I said, we're seeing the volumes as you point out. Our drop sizes, I can't tell you that they have improved appreciatively but I don't know that it has anything to do with that. I still think that's it's a low-volume growth, it's going to be tough to improve your drop size. We've done a lot of good work in that area over the last two or three years. So I think that's -- the whole key to that, John, is we want to grow those categories in those particular product lines but to your point, we want to become more relevant in those areas to our customers. So I'd say that's more of a medium to long-term goal. So I think we've seen it in pockets but I can't tell you that's moving the needle at this point.
William DeLaney: I think, Andy, if you go back the last three quarters representative. I think these are -- I'm thinking I’m in the ballpark here, check with Neil, you can look it up later, but if you look at the fourth quarter, our real growth was around 2%, 3% in the first quarter, 1% this quarter, if you adjust for what Chris was talking about there, and if you give us that on the holiday phenomenon. So it's falling off some. I mean you're talking about gradations of a point. Comparisons are tougher. We're now beginning to wrap at least a flat quarter whereas in the first quarter, we were going against the down quarter. Some of it's in the math and some of it is the environment. And we're out there with 8,000 salespeople every day and with our account execs working with our top customers and all of our customers across the country and trying to strike the right balance between price and growth and supporting their efforts to run their business. So I think it's more the choppiness that I referred to that you're in a recovery right now that depending on what you pick up and who you read, the psychology is better, the underlying growth is a little uneven depending on the source. You have seen a big pick up in traffic but you are seeing bigger tickets when people go in. The QSR seems to be doing a little bit better. As you broaden the discussion to some of the articles you see on Retail, there's a little bit of a bifurcated recovery going on here with your higher-end consumers spending more than the regular people. That's a formidable expression there. So I just think there's a lot of different things going on here. And while we are, we believe, in the early stages of recovery, it's uneven, and I think you're going to see some uneven results. But all in all, I'm still feeling good about certainly our people and the effort and our ability to improve as we go forward.
William DeLaney: So what I was trying to explain there is about a third of what we sell in terms of dollars and for the operator, what I was talking about earlier, these cases or boxes in these particular areas, they're expensive boxes. When you see 10% and 12% increases in significant cost items in terms of your inventory, it does force you to take a hard look at your spend budget in an environment where even if things are picking up, you're still extremely cost-conscious. It's just a general observation I think that the people, I think you agree with this, are still very, very focused on their bottom line and making sure that they're taking as much cost, they're managing their cost as well as they can. So we just have to high cost items, their commodities, it's very easy to identify what's going on in these marketplaces, and so they tend to be highly competitive items.
William DeLaney: Well, again, these are different programs and there's different parts of the country that we’re rolling these out in. So I would say in the early stages, we're still seeing similar results. You heard me mention the word execution here a few times, so I mean, it does come down to how well we roll it. So it's not constant in every rollout. But generally, we're still seeing good results as you expect, Ajay, the competition does react to things. So to some extent, we've seen some reaction and we had to deal with that but we're pleased with what we're seeing at this point.
William DeLaney: Well, we hope not. I mean, what we're reading and what we sense is like I've mentioned here a couple of times is actually the psychology in the restaurant community and the operators is as good as it's been here for two or three years. We certainly hope that, that translates into higher purchasing levels over time. Yes, we're not at a negative level right now. Again, we're barely positive if you just look at the map. Maybe about 1% positive if you adjust for the holiday phenomenon. So I still think that we'll have a good opportunity to see volume growth through all the second half of the year. As far as this quarter in particular, I think as you know from following us from a long time, the month of March is a really important month as far as this quarter, both on the top line and the bottom line because of a lot of the seasonality. So that will drive a lot of results, and you haven’t heard us made a lot of excuses so far in this call but I think the bigger issue we're dealing with right now in the short term is weather. Obviously, last week was a very difficult week in a good part of the country, including down here Texas, believe it or not, actually saw in Dallas. We had some issues in the Southeast early in January. So we're actually -- when it's kind of a level playing field, we're pleased with the start in January but there are some weather issues out there, and the reality is that March is really going to drive the quarter.
William DeLaney: The payroll costs were up I think we've been pretty candid I think with everyone that if you go back and look at the last couple of years, we've taken a lot of headcount out of this company over the last few years. And so there's some limit on how much of that you can do in an environment where you still expect to grow albeit on a moderate level. With that said, we continue to prune and there's been some modest reductions throughout Sysco late fourth quarter, early first quarter. So we continue to do our job and certainly look at headcount and productivity and all that type of thing. As far as sales in particular, there's some operating companies where they have great opportunity relative to the market or perhaps they cut too far in the sales side, and we have invested in those companies a little bit more than, say, the rate of growth this year necessarily so. And I would certainly expect as we go into the new year, in our planning process, that our investment in sales people will be more commensurate with what we expect our growth to be.
William DeLaney: Actually, if you look at this on a relative basis, we're seeing decent volume growth in those particular categories, maybe even a little bit better than the other categories. I think we're out there, very aggressive. These are standard play items. These are items that typically, over the longer term, are very important to holding traction with accounts and so yes, it's an ebb and a flow and obviously, each situation is different. But generally, we've been able to grow the volume. It's just that the rate of the cost increases is 10%, 12%. And it's hard to -- we're growing the gross profit dollars to your point, it's just hard to grow the price point at that level and still make the sale. So it's a Catch-22, I guess, is what I'm trying to say.
William DeLaney: Yes, John, I think you should. A lot of that business as you know is more on the contracts side than the street, but certainly so. We're seeing good growth in those areas. We've got great relationships with some of the big players in those areas, and we certainly expect to grow those segments at least as fast as the traditional restaurant side of the business.
William DeLaney: I don't think I can say that. I mean, it's been pretty acutely competitive out there for the better part of a year and a half, two years. So I just think it hasn't subsided. I wouldn't want to say that it's stepped up at all, but it's... Sometimes you tend to think when the volumes come back and people start feeling a little bit better that the competitive forces might lessen some. We're not seeing that.
William DeLaney: Well, we're not accepting it. To the degree that we can mitigate it, that'll be the tail of the tape here. But there are some structural things in the marketplace and just some basic market conditions that we've alluded to. But certainly, half a point of erosion for six months is not how we plan the year and that's not how we plan the second half of the year. So yes, we'll continue to look for improvement on the initiatives that we’ve talked about. We'll continue to work very closely with both our suppliers and our customers to find the right balance here on how all those pricing works its way through the system. So I would certainly hope that we've improved, I wouldn't expect it to totally dissipate.
William DeLaney: There were some weather, Greg. I think you saw in some of the restaurant reports in, I think, the Northeast in particular bore the brunt of it in December. It's hard to compare whether year-over-year, I'm sure we had some weather last year in December. I'd say it was a minor factor, certainly not big enough to call out in terms of the quarterly performance. But like I alluded to, I think so far in January, it's been big enough to call out.
William DeLaney: Well, I think anytime a company that's positioned the way Sysco is in the industry does something in a very focused way, there's going to be a reaction. So I think it takes a while probably. These are done, like I mentioned, in different parts of the country at different times. And we're essentially talking under a street type of business. So I think sometimes it takes a while for the customer, I guess, in this case, more than the competitor to understand what we might be doing or not doing and then respond. So a short answer is it depends. But as I mentioned earlier, there's always going to be a reaction especially in this type of climate where the case growth is pretty modest.
William DeLaney: Actually, I don't recall talking about it in the past. We don't find it too often, but there's some competitive issues here. So I think we'll kind of keep it right where we have it.
Andrew Wolf: First, on the 80 basis points from the holiday swing, I gather that means on New Year's Day, the restaurants are closed and maybe some of the fast food restaurants are open some. Just trying to -- could we just put that all in Broadline or should we sort of spread it out pro-ratably between the segments? Or somewhere in the...
Andrew Wolf: And so in the press release, just to read from it, it said inflation, I think, caused a -- significant food cost inflation negatively impacted our customers' purchasing budgets. So I understand that for a consumer, the price of something goes up a lot, they've got to cut back elsewhere. But I guess, for a restaurant operator, if the price of meat goes up, why would they but less canned goods or something unless demand was down, less people are coming to the restaurants. So I'm just trying to -- or is there some shifting in their buying habits or did they sort of get cautious, I'm just trying to understand what that means, actually.
Andrew Wolf: That did clarify it. Because I know how much rapid inflation does change behavior, until people sort of figure out where it's all going to spread out.
Robert Kreidler: It's an estimated calculation, and it's across all of our business. So we just put it across everything.
Robert Kreidler: This is Chris, I'll jump in. Obviously, you've heard us talk about the ERP implementation and over time, we expect that we'll be able to leverage the SG&A line. That's not something that you should expect from us in the next couple of quarters. That's only after we roll out the initiative. I think one of the things you're seeing on the selling compensation line, of course, is the commission schedule basically pays on sales dollars to a great extent. And so when you have high inflation, you're going to unfortunately be paying more on the commission line and that's part of what's driving those sales costs up right now.
Robert Kreidler: John, one of things we're watching for and you're starting to read it in the press a little bit is about the restaurant operators' willingness and ability to pass on some price increases to the ultimate consumer. That's not something that I think they were prepared to do during the very early stages of the recovery. You're starting to read in the press for some of them at least are thinking about doing that in 2011 and as part of that shift that I think we'd all like to see because that allows the supply chain to start passing through some of the cost increases as well.
