Tom Bené: Thanks, Joel. Before closing, I'd like to first review a couple of things we've shared with you this morning. As mentioned we delivered a strong fiscal 2019 with 8% adjusted operating income growth and 13% adjusted earnings per share growth. However, we didn't finish the year as strong as we would have liked especially in the U.S. Foodservice segment and therefore didn't meet our own expectations for the fourth quarter. When you combine the overall softness in our topline, driven primarily by national and regional customer losses along with some increased operational expenses and with our previously communicated reduction in go-forward operating income from the sale of Iowa Premium, our beef processing facility, we are now lowering our fiscal 2018 to 2020, 3 year plan adjusted operating income growth target to approximately $600 million from the previously communicated low end of the $650 million to $700 million range. Having said that, I'd like to reinforce why we feel very confident in our ability to improve the current trajectory and continue to achieve success over the long-term despite some of these near-term challenges. We know from our ongoing customer feedback that we are strategically on the right track as we work to improve the experience our customers have in doing business with Sysco. That includes our ongoing investment in customer facing technology as we look to improve the way our customers do business with us. Additionally, we will continue to drive growth in our Sysco brand not only through the addition of new and innovative products, but also by expanding the reach of these type of products in additional geographies beyond the U.S. and Canada. We continue to have the strongest balance sheet in the industry and expect to leverage that to drive growth both in the core business and in returning value to shareholders. That includes planned M&A in both segments and geographies, in which we currently serve as well as relative adjacencies over time, which will only further strengthen our position as we see the level of competition in the industry increasing. In summary, in fiscal 2019, we saw improved year-over-year financial performance, which included strong adjusted operating income growth, double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, and strong cash flow performance all achieved while investing in the business and returning value to shareholders with our 50th dividend increase and over $1 billion in share repurchases. Looking ahead, our focus remains squarely on the customer and achieving the newly outlined three-year plan financial targets. I remain very confident we have the right strategies and most importantly, the right team to vigorously compete on service, the highest quality products and price. Finally, I would like to thank each of our 69,000 associates across the globe for their continued dedication and hard work to ensuring Sysco remains our customers' most valued and trusted business partner. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Tom Bené: Yes. Thanks Kelly. Let's start with the top line and it's a great question. So as I shared, we certainly have seen and continued to focus on this disciplined profitable growth as it relates to our national customers. And so we've seen certainly some impacts there and some fairly significant change in the trajectory of that business as we've kind of -- we're in the fourth quarter even as we're into the New Year. So that's a big part of what we're talking about here. We've seen that also at some of the regional customer levels. So we talked over the last year or so about our focus on these micro chains and we cycled some business that we've picked up in the past and we've also seen competition ramp up in that space. And so that's the biggest single impact I think you will see both in the fourth quarter, driving our top line performance. Joel also talked about just the overlap we had year-over-year. Our Q4 last year was one of our biggest quarters in record both local and total cases. As far as operational or executional things, most of what we're talking about is on the expense side. Although as we talk about some of the transformative initiatives that we've been executing, but we see from time to time as we're learning that there are some customer service challenges that get created. We're not broadly concerned about that and don't feel like that is a long-term issue but we've certainly seen a little bit of impact both from our finance transformation and also in some of the work we've done with our new ordering platform. But again in both cases we think that they are short-term and we're working through them. And obviously our customer service is kind of paramount for us in everything we do. As it relates to fiscal year 2020, I think that your point is correct, which is even at the $600 million number that does suggest a step-up from where we are today. And I think it's a combination of good performance in the U.S., and obviously continuing to see that business perform well, improving business across our international segments, and as I mentioned continued improving performance within SYGMA as well. So it's a little bit across the board, but we feel going into 2020 fairly confident that we can deliver that $600 million number and that increased step-up for fiscal year 2020.
Tom Bené: Great, Ed. So let's start with the Q1 question. I'd say, as we started Q1 and July has had some of that same softness that we just talked about for Q4. And I think it's mostly in the same areas for us these national and regional customers where we transitioned some business there or had some losses. So we see that similar trajectory as we started the quarter. As we think about case growth broadly, as we've talked for a long time now, our focus continues to be on those places where we can add the most value so those local customers. Some of those still are those regional concepts. I don't want to lead you to believe that those aren't important part of our growth story as well. But that independent customers where we have the most value, we continue to see that part of the business performing well, if not maybe at some of the high you saw a year ago, but we still see that business performing well. We feel like we're continuing to progress nicely with those customers. We do believe that we will start to see some improved volume growth throughout the fiscal year 2020, as we continue to cycle some losses that we had earlier in the year in the national customer sector. But generally speaking, I think we feel like the overall case numbers as we talked about I think last quarter are going to be a little softer than we originally projected for the three-year plan.
Tom Bené: Sure, Chris. I think you're right to suggest there's both. There's customers that as we go into the negotiation would end up not being a renewal for Sysco. When we've taken a loss, it's generally driven by competitive pricing. And what I mean by that is more aggressive distribution fees than what we are comfortable with. And part of what we've tried to work through is how do we continue to improve the cost of -- to serve our customers so that we are obviously competitive on a day-to-day basis for almost any customer. But when we've typically lost, it's been because the fees have been beyond what we've been comfortable. And so that's been a big driver of what has happened to some of these regional customers.
Tom Bené: It's a great question. I think this conversation we've had for a couple of years now around the balance between gross profit and operating expenses is going to be key. And so if we do see -- we don't see a dramatic uptick in volume, therefore gross profit, we've got to make sure that that spread remains at that 150 basis points. So it is -- I wouldn't say, it's not really predicated only on that, but that balance of those two is very important as we continue to move forward the business.
Tom Bené: Yeah. I think what we've tried to manage through here Jeff is the – and it's probably worth spending a minute here for everyone's benefit. As we went into the fourth quarter and we did have some volume softening traditionally, what we would be is much – probably more aggressive on trying to reduce the number of drivers the number of selectors we have. And given the labor market and the environment we're operating in we choose – we've chosen really to take more of a long-term view on this. And so part of what we're wrestling with right now is these increased operating expenses not so much driven by increased labor rates, because our labor – we pay – we're a pretty good payer in the market, but trying to make sure we're not letting people go during maybe a little bit of softer volume times. So we're still paying for those resources probably at a level that we haven't historically to maintain the service and support levels for our customers. As we look forward the volume – if the volume numbers will be softer over a longer period of time, we'll manage that more appropriately. But I think we're just trying to make sure, we're not in a situation where we were a couple of years ago, where we had lots of retention challenges and we were struggling to even get drivers in to fill routes. So today, we're feeling much better about our retention. And as we look to the labor rate next year, we don't see anything that's beyond the kind of 2% to 3% that we've dealt with over the past. And we look to offset some of that with productivity benefits in the operations. We still feel I think pretty good about the labor rate increases, just continuing to manage the retention and making sure we're not doing anything in the short-term to impact our ability to service our customers.
Tom Bené: Yeah. I think it's more of a broader comment. Part of it was losses meaning, we didn't renew or weren't successful in renewing a customer. There are some softness in certain customers, but I would say, it's not specific to anyone geography or even customer type. It's probably more of certain brands that are performing better than others and you guys probably have a sense of who those are and so some of those are in our portfolio both on the positive side and on the challenge side.
Tom Bené: So let's start with the local cases. It was probably a little softer when you think about the last two quarters. But to your point about the two-year stack as we look at how we've grown over the last couple of years, we still feel pretty good about it. And even as we move into this year on that true independent customer, I think we feel good about where we're at. There are some of these as we've talked regional chains where we've seen some impacts and we've got to stay close to that. And part of that is making sure, we're staying competitive in those situations and so that's something that we're going to be very focused on. As we think about is there a way to accelerate that growth even further the MAs continue to play an important role in our portfolio. As you guys know, we've talked about often the fact that our customers really value that resource and we obviously see the benefits of having them out there. We will selectively add resources, where it makes sense meaning maybe our share position is such that there's lots of upside and – but I don't think it makes sense for us to go and add a significant amount of resources in that area. What we're trying to make sure we do is we have the right support around them, especially as we have more and more customers go online to make sure that they've got whether it's the specialist support around proteins or it's around certain product categories that we feel are important to those customers or some of the other tools and technology that we've built to support them. So, it's less about I think adding more resources because, we feel like, we're pretty balanced in the size of territories that they have and the amount that they can handle going forward. We are thinking about ways to increase our new business. Our new business has been strong, but there's always an opportunity to increase the new business side of things especially as we've had some of these transitions happen.
Tom Bené: Ajay, as mentioned earlier, I think, it's going to be a balance across all international U.S. and SYGMA. And we see -- in the U.S it's about maintaining that balance between gross profit and operating expense and we feel pretty good about our ability to do that. We have initiatives in place to drive that. As it relates to the European business and the rest of international, I think, we feel like we dealt with a few challenges this year that we had not expected. Specifically, we talked about Mexico and also France and so we think we feel much better going into next year about that. And then, SYGMA, I think, we're just on a good trajectory at this point. We've got ourselves in a place where we need to be able to continue to see improving, both not so much top line, because we've got that business, I think, in a place now where it makes sense, but more around balancing the gross profit and the cost side, so we can deliver operating performance.
Tom Bené: Yes. Well, as you guys all know, there's tremendous amount -- a number of competitors in the space we operate in. There are the public guys and then there are tremendous amount of regional and local folks. I think there are geographies where we've had more impacts from a competitive environment than others. I would say, broadly speaking, we feel comfortable with where we're at. But it is getting aggressive out there and more competitive and we just need to make sure we're maintaining our position and doing everything we can to continue to earn our customers' business every day, not just on price, but obviously on things like our service platform and our product portfolio.
Tom Bené: Look, I'll start with, it's always been competitive out there and our comments are, we are certainly seeing some increased competition in certain geographies and segments. And we tried to articulate that. As it relates to how we need to think about that going forward and whether others are investing, we need to make sure we're competitive every single day in every customer and we intended to do that. I think the way we think about that has more to do with making sure that our overall offering is top-notch for our customers and that includes service, product and cost and pricing. I don't think we are having any adverse impact based on our service. We continue to provide very high levels of service. And I would argue that we -- as we've talked about with some of the investments we're making on the operating expense side, we'll continue to put service as a top priority. We know in this business that's critically important to our customers. If you don't have the product, it doesn't really matter what the price is. And so we -- it's really a broad-based approach John and therefore the answer is, there's not one specific thing. But we certainly don't want to be and won't be in a position to be uncompetitive, however that looks by customer type or geography.
Tom Bené: Yes. So, a couple things. We -- you're referring to the corporate expense adjustments we made earlier in the calendar year our -- end of our -- start of our third quarter.
Tom Bené: Yes. So those things are really designed -- we've talked about those as non kind of operational or service-related investments or focus for us. And what we really try to do there is remove non-value-added expenses in our business. And so that -- when we talk about corporate expenses those are kind of tightening our belt here making sure we're doing all the things we need to do so that we can be competitive in the marketplace. So nothing that we've done there would be necessarily affecting our serviceability or our ability to take care of our customers either from a pricing or a cost standpoint. Only we do is further improve our ability to do that. As it relates to how we service the service has been a hallmark for Sysco for a long time. And we look at everything. We have lots of metrics there. But some examples of things we're doing to improve even our service level is to make sure that we have a way of communicating to our customers on a daily basis throughout the day where their delivery is as an example so that -- we have -- they have both an application and we use technology so they can look and see where their delivery is at. But we also have ways of making sure we're staying more in touch with our drivers throughout the day, so we can remove any obstacles they might have to delivering that customer when they expect to be delivered. So when I talk about investments some of it's technology investments, some of it is resourcing investments as we've talked about. But we intend to make sure kind of for us table stakes is a great service offering and certainly delivery is a big part of that.
Tom Bené: Okay. Thanks for the clarity. If you're referring back to some of the ERP implementation work, yeah, we certainly had some fairly significant service challenges in those companies that had transitioned. We're well beyond that and our systems are operating well. And certainly that is a big driver of our ability to make sure that we've got the assets on the road to deliver our customers' expectations. So, yeah, we're a much different place than we would have been years ago and we feel very good about our ability to continue to improve in that area.
Tom Bené: When we talk about regional accounts you might I guess -- I don't think oftentimes folks talk about them as changed, certainly I don't think talks about them as always changed. But some of the larger regional concepts is what we have talked about and we are referring to here. And so I'd say just -- we're just seeing increased competition. Folks do I think look at that as a growth opportunity and certainly we have and just become more aggressive in going after those customers. Those are the type of accounts that Joel referred to earlier that are susceptible to some aggressive pricing as they look to change their offering, and we tend to be more balanced on our focus on those customers around -- certainly product pricing is important but so is our ability to service them and make sure that they have what they need to keep growing.
Tom Bené: You see a little of that today based on that mix, but that's certainly not our objective, meaning we're not trying to in those customers per se change the mix or certainly not looking to drive more pricing in our independent segment. We feel like we're positioned well there. So it's not about driving additional margin with local customers I guess is the key point I'm trying…
Tom Bené: I think the way we talk about that is that -- someone referenced earlier is the big step-up from the prior two years and we know that we've got to be able to deliver that. So, we feel like it's a reasonable number based on all the things we need to execute, the topline that we've talked about continued improvement in our costs so that we are being competitive out there every day and ultimately making sure that the industry and the market continues at least at the pace that it's at now. So, I think what we would say is we feel good about the number but I wouldn't go as far as assuming there's a bunch of upside in there based on where we sit today.
Tom Bené: Well, appreciate you raising a couple of those points. So, we feel really good about the three-year number and to your point that's delivering really solid results. I think as we look ahead we have not set a date yet to do an Analyst Day or Investor Day but we are we're certainly talking about that and trying to think through when is the best time to do that given the current three-year plan ends. I think the way we think about it is how do we continue to invest for the long term and drive what we would argue is top quartile results in the industry. And so it's a combination of the two. We still have a lot of investments that we're making in the international sector. Even here in the U.S. we still believe there are things we need to continue to invest in around technology to put ourselves in the right place going forward. And obviously, M&A continues to be an opportunity as we think about how do we grow in the future. So, probably not giving you what you want other than to say that we feel good about the performance we've had over the last couple of years. We feel like that's the kind of performance that we should be able to deliver going forward and we'll pick a day here in the not-too-distant future to be able to get together with you all and talk about that.
Tom Bené: Hi, Rebecca. Thanks for joining us. I wouldn't say, it was any unique things that happened in the quarter. I think it's a combination of things. The regionalization is a good example of where we need to be bringing more consistency across how we run the international businesses. And in the case of Canada, leveraging a model that given the geography there could help us drive more benefit on the cost side, because our costs were a bit out of whack. As it relates to Europe, some of those same opportunities exist. And you heard me say in the prepared comments that we're starting to bring some of the same kind of capabilities that we have as a company and processes to some of these businesses that maybe historically haven't operated that way. So I think what we would say is that we feel good about where we ended the year. As we had said, though we -- it was a little bit rougher in the first half and we still have some work to do, I think balancing the investments we're making and the improvements you should see in our operating expenses over time in the international sector should be kind of a way to think about us going forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. Ed, it's Joel. I think the way I think about that is, I do think we have seen some worsening of the environment for bad debt. I think the -- it's -- I wouldn't certainly call it at a crisis situation, but it has certainly gotten worse. Our overall days are a little softer. We've had -- we had about one fairly significant hit per quarter to some extent that has impacted us. And so on one hand the bad debt expense -- and when you look at it year-over-year there is an element of some pickups we had in last year's numbers that account for about half of the difference. But nonetheless, I would say the environment has gotten a little bit worse. It's certainly something we're keeping a close eye on. And I'd say, if you look at our performance relatively over the last few years, we've had a pretty strong run. And so again I think it's a fair comment to say that has gotten -- it has gotten somewhat worse, but certainly something we're monitoring carefully.
Joel Grade: Yes. And I would say too, I just wanted to add to that. I mean there's a little bit -- there's been, I'd say a little bit more of the upfront monies that have been moved around in the industry at this point. That's things in the areas that again discipline-wise at times we're just not comfortable making some of those decisions. So it's probably the other part that plays into that same point.
Joel Grade: Yes. Sure, Jeff. It's Joel. I would say at this point, I mean, we're anticipating what we continue to refer to as modest levels of inflation over the next couple of quarters, which I would interpret to say as something fairly consistent, where we are today. And we're certainly – the inflationary categories really have been in meat, in poultry and produce and then to some extent Jeff frozen potatoes as well has been an area that's continued to have some inflation. So I don't know that we are look for the next couple of quarters anything really dramatic or above that, but I certainly – we do anticipate continued inflation, and I'd say approximately in the range, we're at today.
Joel Grade: So, why don't I start with the D&A comment? I mean, we typically have our D&A that -- I don't know, if there's anything I'd say that's any material or significant change as it relates to that. I mean, I think -- and these sometimes find -- again as we make investments, some stuff falls off and some things add and our D&A may go up a tick. But I just broadly speaking would not say there's anything of significance that you should expect from a D&A perspective moving forward.
Joel Grade: Yes. I would say it this way. I think, we actually had a significant impact in fiscal year 2019 at our finance transformation road map and actually certainly expecting even a slightly more significant impact in fiscal year 2020. I think a couple of those key initiatives. Again, the Canada regionalization as well and when you think about that that was really something that had a benefit in both this year and as it carries into next year kind of started in the middle of the year. And so, the way I would look at these initiatives, John, is that many of them if you remember started benefiting in the second half of the fiscal year which then carries into the -- some of the first and then obviously some further benefit builds on that. So, I would call -- I would say a couple of those certainly again strong impacts last year and expect another solid year as we head into next year as well.
Joel Grade: Yes. And, Ajay, I think, just as a reminder though as well. I think some of the commentary earlier was also related to the fact that, again, within what we talked about as local, there's a couple of different types of those customers. And I think when you think about kind of the true independents versus talk about some of the regional and local chains. Again, I think, some of the pressure a little bit, as Tom talked about earlier, is more in that area where there seasonally seems to have been a bit of a ramp-up in, again, pricing and some upfront that I think we just -- again, we're keeping a very close eye on that, but also again trying to remain -- maintaining our discipline in some of those areas. So I just think I would just distinguish a little bit between, as it relates to true independent and some of the other areas that we're actually feeling more of the pressure.
Joel Grade: Yes. And just -- John just as a summary of that. I would just think it's just really important to be clear that the work we've done had been again some streamlining of spend layers efficiencies in terms of administrative, but in no way shape or form are we somehow reducing investments in our ability to grow or to provide great service. I think that's just the really key takeaway here, I just wanted to reinforce.
Joel Grade: But I do think you're seeing a little bit of that now Judah when you see the -- our margin this past quarter continued to increase despite some -- a little bit higher inflation. And I think some of that is related to the fact that there's a bit of a shift in -- in terms of where the growth, which again a little more towards the -- a little move away from if you will some of the contracts.
