William J. DeLaney: I don’t think the US Foods merger has anything to do with it. I would say what’s interesting, what we are seeing right now John, and this is really just kind of manifest itself in the last four to six weeks. There is double-digit inflation in meat, seafood and dairy. And the rest of the categories are roughly flat, you’re actually down a little bit in grocery, down a little bit in poultry, in terms of what we saw in April. So what you’re seeing here is that as you know in particular meat, those are high priced boxes. So it’s challenging at times to pass that along as fast as you might like to with customers, sometimes that’s not even a right thing to do, sometimes it’s ups and down with the customer, kind of reworking their menu in terms of, if poultry is flat to down, working more poultry into the menu. So we are just trying to be a little cautious here, I mean the good news here is well, as you know we don’t want to see a lot of inflation over the meaningful long-term. It’s not good for our customers. I mean that inflation is working its way into the top line as well. So we’re basically just common Al, I think gross margin as a percent of sales stand perspective. There is more pressure there right now than what we saw in the third quarter. But I think we’ll manage it reasonably well and as far as going forward, a lot of this has to do with supplies in the beef area and I think some of this will be with us for awhile. It’s really hard to predict what happens past three to six months, Al.John E. Heinbockel – Guggenheim Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
William J. DeLaney: Yes, so independence will make up a significant piece of this locally managed, and yes I would tell you we saw across the board in March. There was very, was really tail two quarters. It was brutally hard out there, I think for everybody the first couple of months and then in March. We saw a turnaround in the top line in pretty much every segment. We saw every restaurant like that.
William J. DeLaney: I would say the weather, to go back to that was more East of the Mississippi, so that is virtually all of our markets other than California and West Coast. If I was particularly pronounced even though I would say, winner comes every year, it was particularly pronounced in the Northeast and the Mid-East, but we were shutdown at Atlanta for a couple of days. We didn’t deliver that kind of thing. So I would say those first couple of months, the weather impacted the vast majority of our businesses.
William J. DeLaney: Ed, we look at this thing across a lot of different ways. So, I’ll let Chris jumping in here in a minute as well. So, I want to be careful about the gross profit because that’s going to play out in different categories. When I would tell you is the way I look at it, as I look at case growth, I look at the mix of case growth between locally managed, which is largely your street business versus your contract business. And then, I look at gross profit dollar growth, and then I look at cost per case – operating cost per case. So, we can put that together, I don’t want to shift in terms of your question on this call, but I would tell you obviously the first half of the year we had 1.2% gross profit dollar growth and that went to 2.7%. So, I’m encouraged with that. I think we can continue to improve from there. We’ll have to see how fast that develops. So I feel good about that part. I think, we’ll continue to manage the cost per case well. I think, just and put this in some historical contacts, Chris and I were talking before the call. I’ve been around this business 25 years give or take, I would tell you, if you go back and look at Sysco’s history we didn’t always share all this, to mange our operating cost per case to be up a $0.05 a year was usually a pretty good year in normal times. Our medium to longer-term model where we’re trying to find enough initiatives every year to keep that at flat cost per case, in this particular year 2014, we targeted a $0.05 reduction as Chris pointed out. So, I’m really pleased with how we are managing at the operating level, in terms of cost and encourage too much is not a trend make here, but I’m encouraged what we are seeing on the gross profit dollar growth. I don’t know, Chris is going to answer your specific question about what you put historic as well.
William J. DeLaney: Sure. We’re a year into this now, and as I mentioned, we’re deep into wave 1 and wave 2. And we think, by the end of the year we will launched about 30% of what we called the influenceable spend, which is about two-thirds of our spend 60% to 70%. We’re getting better executing that, so I would tell you there are certainly opportunity to improve, but we’re assuming getting better in terms of working within our corporate merchandizing team and with our OPCOs in terms of how we communicate these category, and issues as they come out there is a lot of categories out there being launched right now. We’re getting better in terms of working with our OPCOs to work with our customers and their sales force and had the position of the opportunities for the customer as well again plenty of opportunity to improve over the next 12 to 18 months as well. So, I think our execution is getting better, both on the communication side as well on the conversion side. We continue to see very good reductions in the cost of goods, certainly as much it ties better than what we originally plan. The sales line where we had some challenges earlier on there in terms of some of the conversions, I think we are getting better as a company in terms of positioning those conversions with customers and in the subsequent ways the sales trends are somewhat better than what we saw in the prior. So, I would say – I would characterize it that is gradual continuous improvement on the execution – still relatively early days here and it would be a big part of our progress for next fiscal year as well.Edward J. Kelly – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC: Great, thank you.
William J. DeLaney: Yes, so let me take the first one Karen. So locally managed was something I’ve kind of coined here over the last 18 months. We use it more internally, but I don’t really like to speak externally differently, I do internally. So it’s an attempt which is getting traction now within Sysco. It’s to have more clarity for operating in our market precedence. So the certain segment sales which we will call street sales, local contract being another, basically where the customer and that decision maker that relationship is driven with a local OPCO, we’ve just kind of bundled that a little bit more than just talking about street from an accountability standpoint and from an influencing standpoint. So it’s an internal terminology. We still look at street within that number. So we look at both, I would tell you I think you would know this over the last four or six quarters what we’ve seen is our corporate manager largely our national – large regional business has grown at a faster rate than our locally managed. And in fact, the locally managed growth is pretty modest, and it was modest again in January and February. So when I was referring to there, as it did strengthen in March along with the other book of business as well. And that is very encouraging and that is the key part of our growth and that is the key part of our profitability leveraging as well. So it’s a big part of our business and something we put a lot of emphasis on and in the fairness, while these initiatives we’ve been driving out both in terms of the sales organization, cap man that kind of thing. That directly impacts that sales force, our local sales management teams and ultimately the customer, and so there has been a fair amount of distractions out there over the last year. And I think we are starting to see that we are – we are though a lot of that and beginning to manage it better. As far as MA retention or MA numbers, we had situations in some of our companies last year where we as we had some of that distraction and disruption, we allowed our MA workforce to fall well below where our target members where. And we are coming back there, so we are not all the way back, but we had targeted growth numbers for this year and we are beginning to approach those to get to the level we want to get to. :Karen F. Short – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay that’s very helpful. And then just on Denver, New Orleans you commented that there was most successful conversions yet, maybe can you just talk a little bit more about why and what you did, and then what are your plans you are going to make, if you said that and I missed that out, but fair conversions for the rest of the year.
William J. DeLaney: What is the first part of your question, really what would have been negative?Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital, Inc.: In the Easter shift…
William J. DeLaney: So your question is, if Easter been earlier, would it been better.Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes.
William J. DeLaney: No there, I think a late Easter helped us. Interesting though, it didn’t really help us that much. I cant’ say this, our performance in Florida, which is where you would see most of the Easter benefit. What’s if that different wasn’t any better than the other regions until the week of Easter, and then we definitely saw the fact that, so we have a still more people in Florida, what you hear in Florida is regardless of the calendar, people tend to stay, a lot of people tend to stay until Easter. So, it helped us, I think what really helped us a lot in March, Meredith was hurt us in January, February people. And good number parts of the country had been locked up in their homes, don’t want to get out and dig it out more. So I would say, a late Easter helped us somewhat, but probably not as much as just the other side of the weather discussion.Meredith Adler – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
William J. DeLaney: Yes. We wouldn’t necessarily give you anything forward-looking. I know we’ve talked a little bit about April here and just because there is a trend in March we wanted to give you some color about what's going on with that trend? I think the way I characterize it, is we went from almost nothing which is at 1% to something. There are three very specific categories we called out that are kind of double-digit inflationary categories, but is built at the rest are really not an issue. They are either flat or even slightly down. So what average is out to certainly more than 1%, but that’s not all will say and it’s only April we’ve got a couple more months before we build out the quarter.Ajay Kumar Jain – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Great. Thank you.
William J. DeLaney: Yes, I would say 10 companies, well we are pleased with that, the scheme of 70 is still early days, and our focus is, as I pointed out in my comments over the last six to 12 months has been more about stabilizing the system and improving the performances. And we see that in those companies, so on the sale side in terms of the speed of the system that type of thing, we made a lot of very good strides there. Our service levels continue to improve and get toward the level of our legacy companies if you will. We saw a lot of opportunities to manage the inventory more efficiently and effectively and we are working on some things there. So we are pleased with the progress that we are making, but I wouldn’t want to get into discussion relative to the legacy companies because it’s still earlier days.
William J. DeLaney: We think, ventures is a key strategic opportunity for us. We are beginning to gain traction and we put together the platform with the company called Leapset about a year-ago. We’ve rolled out certain solutions in certain markets we are seeing some progress there. We still have a big opportunity here to get it more integrated into the business. We’ve made some progress there and working with several solutions, there are more solutions to come. So I would agree with you that with this merger it give us an even stronger platform in terms of customers to leverage this capability and to build stronger more effective relationships with a greater number of customers. So it’s a key part of our strategy, and I think, as we get deeper into the merger planning work, we’ll be able to speak more specifically in terms of work structure and that type of things in terms of how we are going to drive it out.
William J. DeLaney: Hi Erin, look we think it’s been very effective in the year two, right now, with chef Irvine and as we’ve talked about in the past one the reasons, we partnered with him and through Network is roughly 70% of our customers tune into that Network on a regular basis and in particular watch his shows. So he has been a great ambassador for Sysco both through the Network as well as personal appearances and working with our OPCOs and doing some nice work as well in the communities. So we are very pleased with that partnership and we’ve got some new ads that are going to be coming out this year. And I think, you’ll continue to see is a significant positive for us from a marketing standpoint.
William J. DeLaney: Yes, I think what you are referring to us over the last year you’re seeing the numbers pick-up a little bit in terms of the street are the local and that’s been good. But I would also quickly say, as we go through and do the category management work and our customer insights work, we are trying to strike the right balance between what customers want and need, and how our brand line is up with that as opposed to just trying to push our brand out there for the second push in the brand. So I’m actually very pleased with the work that’s been done in the merchandised area over the last couple of three years in terms of going through and looking at all the specs in our various categories, as we even we before the category management work started but in conjunction without now as well as combining that with our customer insight work so, we don’t have a particular number in mind necessarily we are just trying to strike the right balance with our customers where we really do have a value-added product, we wanted to make sure that we’re positioning it properly.
R. Chris Kreidler: Yes, and Andy, I want to be careful and echo what Bill said a minute ago about this inflation, the reason we are calling it out as frankly it come up upon us pretty quickly. We don’t want it to be a surprise when we talk about it later on. But in the March quarter inflation was no different really than the rest of the quarter. And so, it really wasn’t yet in the March numbers as Bill said, that we started to feel at a little bit in the later two weeks. But it was pretty much inline with the quarter. It came on, it went from basically nothing to something in April and so that’s why we are calling it out and it’s pretty narrow in terms of the categories but they are big dollar categories for us.
R. Chris Kreidler: Yes. It seems like there are several questions there. So, tell me if I don’t get all of them. We’re obviously taking into consideration the integration planning and what may occur post merger, but in terms of how we report our business transformation today and we’re going about our business today really not that much impact. So we’re in planning phase for integration, but we’re not allowing it to impact what we’re doing from a business transformation perspective going after the benefits that the way look at the cost et cetera. What will impact it, and Bill alluded to it here a few minutes ago is, as we think about overlaying the merger into our company and especially from the business technology standpoint, we have to rethink about rollout schedules, we have to rethink how we’re going to put the companies together technologically, that will have an impact and we’re playing through various scenarios on that right now.
R. Chris Kreidler: Yes. We don’t need the shareholder approval on their side. They essentially have it whenever they need it, but we still believe it’s realistic timeframe. I think the way we would characterize our interactions with the FTC and the regulatory process that’s pretty much as expected. We don’t have any reason to believe that we will be significantly faster or slower than what we expected from the very beginning. So, we still think Q3 is realistic.
R. Chris Kreidler: Yes, they are not on our old system which was a kind of customized proprietary system for Sysco. They had their own somewhat customized proprietary system. They are not on SAP either. So the way we looked at this, and I think we talked about this a little bit is, each company has its system. We are moving towards SAP as a unifying system. We do believe and we asked it publicly that we think it’s the right system for the combined entities post merger and so we will have to build the bridge, so that both systems can communicate and talk to each other in the near and medium term and then a new road map to eventually get it all to the new ERP platform overtime.
R. Chris Kreidler: It is a good question. Our goal has not been on a specific dollar amount of more around the 1% to 1.2% of sales, which we rapidly approaching and so when we get to that level and preferably the lower end of that level we’ll feel like we’ve got the right amount of base capital that should be able to grow every year as we grow the business through volume growth. Now overlay that the merger and yes, we’ve got to take a new look at that we are. We’ve got a lot of people working through what that’s going to mean in terms of, what I’ll call one-time capital to make the networks work well together. Toast with that we’ll have to reevaluate. I got a personal believe that we should be able to get long-term run rate capital down to the low end of our range if not even slightly below that range is based upon scale. But that remains to be proven out in several years off.
R. Chris Kreidler: I also say it’s given our marketing associates a lot to be excited about we get that feedback constantly from our MAs so that positive is well for our system.
