Kevin Hourican: Thank you, Neil. I appreciate all that you are doing for Sysco. As we conclude, I'd like to provide a brief summary on Slide 20. The following are our key takeaways from today's call: Our first half financial performance with a 15% increase in sales and a 26% increase in adjusted EPS displays the progress Sysco is making to win in the marketplace while we are transforming our business for the future. Our profit leverage improved in the second quarter and we expect that ratio to improve further in the second half of this fiscal year. We communicated today several factors that impacted Q2 profit results. Importantly, the labor dispute is behind us and we are making solid progress on improving our operating expenses.  On the sales and volume side of the ledger, our core growth initiatives are working as designed and we will focus on winning more new local customers in the second half of the year. Sysco has proven that we can win share when we make it a priority for our sales teams. Encouragingly, January volume growth is off to a strong start.  Lastly, Sysco remains deeply committed to our strong and stable balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation and delivering continued returns to our shareholders. Our status as a dividend aristocrat remains a priority and we are proud to carry that distinction going into our 54th year. We look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as a company and look forward to highlighting more about our longer-term initiatives at the CAGNY conference in a few short weeks. Lastly, I'd like to provide a brief update on the status of our CFO search. We are making solid progress. The interest level from highly qualified candidates has been very strong. We have a very compelling pool of talent to choose from and we are progressing along in the evaluation and selection process. I would like to thank Neil for the outstanding job he is doing as our interim CFO. He is a trusted partner and I greatly appreciate his leadership.  Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, Kelly. Thank you for the questions. It's Kevin. I'll start with comments about the updated revised guidance. I'll talk about the local growth specific question and then I'll toss to Neil for the below the line components of your question. It's a good question and a lot to it. So we'll take it into each of those three parts.  The forecast that we revised today is what we would call a middle-of-the-road, center of the fairway forecast. It's our updated view given the conditions that we are operating within and the data that we have available to us.  I'd like to start with the comment on overall market growth. We do leverage a third-party firm to provide us guidance on what the overall market will be and as I said on my prepared remarks, the expectation was that for the quarter that disclosed that the market in total will be up five and the market in total, excluding Sysco was up one.  Now we budgeted for and are delivering more growth than the market. So we layer on top of the market growth 1.35 times from Sysco's specific performance. The good news is we are achieving that particular outcome. We are, in fact, delivering performance results greater than the market. It's the reality that the market itself is performing softer or lower than what had been expected.  I'll come back to that in a minute to answer the second part of your question. So that needed to be adjusted for the full year, which we have done. I'm not going to quote a specific local case volume growth for the second half, just to point you to our total guidance includes our updated view on the second half of the year.  Operating expenses, we've updated for the year to reflect the current rates of productivity, which are lower than what we had originally budgeted, but as I called out in my prepared remarks, we're making steady progress, green shoots of improvement. I call your attention to Slide 9 in our prepared slides, showing you the specific data that are the leading indicators of what will become cost per piece improvements and cost per piece reductions and we are making meaningful progress in supply chain productivity.  So we updated point two, which was our cost per piece shipped for the year to go. And then the labor dispute happened already, but it needed to be incorporated into our full year because the guide we provided today is a full year. And it was a $26 million operating income hit for the quarter, that's now closed. It is in the rearview mirror.  It is behind us, and that will not be repeated in the second half of the year. And the other income component, I'm going to toss to Neil in just a moment for him to explain its portion impact on the full year. Let me just address the softer growth rates, kind of what are the drivers of that? Why is it transpiring and then toss over to Neil.  I think it's a couple of factors, Kelly. Number one is 2022 actually ended up being stronger than what the third-party modeling component had expected. So my belief there is that some of the over delivery, if you will, on snapback of COVID recovery in 2022 soften some of the recovery in 2023. That's point number one. Point number two is inflation as many of the restaurant names reported at ICR a couple of weeks ago.  They are delivering strong top line results, but to put traffic in their own case volume metric, if you will, is flat to down nominally. And that, I believe, is reflective in the overall volume component, the impact of inflation. Number three, consumer sentiment, mindset relative to everything that's being written in the newspapers, et cetera, and how that impacts consumer behavior.  Last but not least, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, is Omicron we had expected and anticipated a bump in November and December tied to that rolling over last year's headwind and we didn't see that bump in November and December. It is reported on my call earlier this morning, though, that we are seeing strong year-over-year performance in January and that is a positive.  So when we put all of those things together, the best predictor of future outcomes are current outcomes, and we essentially took our current trends modeled them forward for the second half of the year, applied what we call center of the fairway view, loaded in our own views of risks and opportunities and the things that we can do to manage our business performance and therefore, updated our guidance and provide that clarity today.  I'll toss to Neil for comments about the below-the-line elements that impacted EPS.
Kevin Hourican: Mark, thank you for the question. In aggregate, again, we're on track for the first half of the year. Our stated goal for the year is to grow 1.35 for the year and at the halfway point to be able to deliver that goal. You're right to point out that Q1 was stronger than Q2. The honest straight talk there is the labor disruption, which impacted three of Sysco's operating sites did, in fact, caused a disruption in the period of October and November from a market share perspective.  We have cleared that hurdle. We have moved on from that hurdle and we are confident in our ability in the second half of the year to grow 1.35x the market. So that is the reason for Q2 versus Q1, just being direct and straight about it. We are winning at the total level. We're winning on the what we call contract bid business and our initiatives within the local segment are working.  And those initiatives are the Italian platform that we are expanding, our growth in our specialty categories and that our customer-specific platforms of Sysco Your Way and Perks major initiatives are delivering the impact that we expect them to deliver and we're very focused on them.  As it relates to the second half of the year, what gives us confidence in our ability to deliver the full year. We've got the best trained sales associates in the industry, 5,000-plus strong in the U.S. alone, and they're very focused on penetrating lines with existing customers, and we're going to make new customer acquisition, a bigger priority for our sales reps in the second half of the year given the overall market conditions as we're seeing them. And our sales force is very responsive to their compensation program.  And I believe I've shared on prior calls how that program works, the base plus bonus and the bonus is configurable by us. We can tweak it, and we can adjust it and we can make modifications to it. And one of those adjustments for the second half of the year will be to increase the weight on focusing on what we call prospecting or new customer penetration.  So I answer the Q2, and we have confidence in our ability to win versus the marketplace. And in aggregate, what we're looking for in the revised guidance – we provided today, the midpoint of 4.07%, just to keep in perspective is a 25% growth over prior year and it's a 15% growth over 2019, which is the peak profitability year of the company. So, all in, in aggregate, really strong year from Sysco in total.
Kevin Hourican: Ed, good morning. Thank you for the question. As it relates to OpEx I repeat a couple of the numbers that Neil communicated and then provide a little more color on why we have confidence in our ability to drive the improvement in the second half of the year. Toss to Neil for any additional color or comments about the overall confidence that we have in the forecast for the year. Snap back has been taken to 0, and that was a material number a year ago and big progress has been made.  We're no longer needing to do things like hiring bonuses and referral bonuses and the marketing spend that we were doing to create awareness of jobs. So Snapback has gone to zero. The productivity piece, and that's specifically measured as excess over time, if you will, has gone from $41 million in Q1 to $22 million in Q2 and we expect for that to continue.  I point you to Slide 9, Ed, and I put that chart in there on purpose to show you the progress in the collective community, the progress we're making on retention improvement and how that retention improvement will, therefore drive transportation, as well as warehouse operations metrics. We have finite data, real-time data, weekly data, I host a weekly call, talking about our productivity at the site level that all of our key leaders attend and we have a firm understanding of where we are and where we need to be week-over-week, month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter to hit the full year.  So we updated our guidance today to reflect the fact that, yes, our operating costs in the second half of the year will be higher than what we originally budgeted, but an improvement from where we stand here today at the end of Q2 and we're seeing the progress that needs to be made in order for us to be able to deliver the full year and it has my personal full attention and the full attention of all of our leaders Neil will toss to you for any additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: Hey Jeff, thanks, it's Kevin. I'll start with your question. Just as it relates to Sysco versus the market, I'll just point to the most important of facts, which is that we grew in the most recent quarter, 1.35 times the market. So it is – Sysco is outperforming versus the market and that outperforming is coming from across the board, business health. We are winning meaningfully in the CMU segments: Education, healthcare, contract bid within the restaurant sector and the gross profit rate and that sector has also been strong and has been ahead of where we expected it to be.  At the local level, our business performance in total is being driven by our core growth initiatives within local that I referenced earlier. So this is not a Sysco-specific situation. It is a macro and we're actually pleased with our performance relative to the market. The only thing in the most recent quarter that was specific to Sysco was the labor dispute in three of our sites, which meaningfully pressured our operating expenses. We've size that for the investment community today to communicate.  That was a $26 million operating income hit for the quarter, which was a combination of expenses and also sales and therefore, flow through to margin impact from the three markets that were impacted by that labor disruption. So as it was called out by one of the other questions earlier on this call, our Q2 growth versus the market was a little bits lower than our Q1 growth, but we still grew meaningfully versus the industry.  As it relates to the second half of the year and then I'll toss to Neil if he has anything additional. We have been thoughtful about the full year volume. As Neil said, we took a big step back at the midway point, turned over every rock, looked at every component of our build of the full year budget and compared it to the trends of the business performance and we applied for the second half of the year, the trends of our business with known trend vendors that we - Sysco can positively impact, the operating expense that Ed just asked about is a projected improvement in the second half of the year.  But we've been thoughtful about volumes looking at the second half. And no, the January strength I referenced was not contemplated at the time that we built that second half. The Omicron tailwind will abate here quickly in February.  As you know, things began to reopen in the middle of February to the tail end of February and the forecast adjustment that we provided today is our best view of the full year center of the fairway, as I mentioned. Neil, over to you for any additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: Hey, good morning, John. Thank you for the questions. I'll take them in order. On the local business, drop size, I think just as evidenced by the data that we've shared has been a bit softer than what we had expected on a cases per operator perspective. Now there is work we can do about that. We have the ability to target our sales reps to win back lost cases or introduced new categories through a customer that has not purchased them before, like produce and protein, and we call that team-based selling, and we're getting better and better at doing that type of work.  Profitability per customer, we're actually pleased with those metrics and where we are. We've done a nice job managing the inflation path through our Sysco brand win that Neil talked about is notable and significant and that meaningfully helps on profit per customer and we've done quality work with transportation routing over the last 45 days to make sure we're being as efficient as possible on our routes, especially for smaller customers and that has provided us with benefit as well.  All of those variables that I just described have been built into the full year forecast that we submitted today. Those are my comments on local. For Sysco Your Way, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of Sysco Your Way. Each individual neighborhood that we add to the program continues to perform like the initial markets did.  That's one of my worries as we scale this thing as we add it to more neighborhoods. There's a halt or effect when you have a pilot program where the performance is outstanding. But when you go to scale, it cannot replicate. We're definitively proving that we can replicate that performance. It is material and significant. And how fast can we go? We're going as fast as prudent, John.  There is work that has to be done at the operating site to prepare that site to support a very lead late in the evening, ordering cut-off twice per day delivery, a dedicated consistent driver, dedicated consistent sales reps. So there is customer remapping that has to occur. And we're going at the fastest pace that's prudent because what we can't do is compromise the service experience because what's making this program work the step change level of service that we're providing to those customers and it's not an incremental operating cost for Sysco because these are such dense neighborhoods that are in reasonable close proximity to our warehouses.  So – and it's expanded internationally. We're now live in Toronto. We're live in Dublin. We're live in London, and soon, we will be launching in Stockholm. So it just shows you the breadth of this program is not just domestic U.S. It's working everywhere. We have launched it, and we couldn't be more pleased. We're also very pleased with Sysco Perks. Remember, Sysco Perks is not about restaurant dense neighborhoods, is Sysco Perks is a VIP program.  It's an invitation-only program for our best of customers, and we provide them Sysco Your Way like benefits, but they're unique to that one specific customer. So that's the first customer who's not inside a Sysco Your Way neighborhood and we're seeing significant lift in profitability and top line growth with customers that are invited into that program and we have meaningfully expanded the rollout of Sysco Your Way – excuse me, Sysco Perks over the last quarter.  The last of your three questions was in contract bid. I'm really pleased with our team, both in sales and supply chain in this segment. We've got a great sales leadership team. They've done excellent work with customer retention, customer prospecting. We are winning outsized business. We stopped reporting the number, but the last time I quoted it, we were at net $2 billion worth of incremental business, and we've continued to win net new business in the health care, education and national restaurant space. You asked me a specific question, you see outsized growth coming from that sector.  We plan for growth across all of our sectors. And one of the reasons we converted to a 6-day delivery model is so that we have the ability to support that growth without having to make building expansions or building investments. We real feel increased our throughput capacity by 15% across Sysco by converting to a full six day delivery model.  So really pleased with our success rate and contract bid. I expect for that success to continue in the forward-facing years. I am going to talk to Neil. He wants to add one more point. Sorry, John, I step down you I'm going to toss it to Neil for one more point.
Kevin Hourican: Sure. Lauren, thank you for the question. I do want to be very clear that we are growing volume and we posted a performance result in the most recent quarter. Our total volume growth was plus 5.2. Local volume growth was plus 3.2. What the facts are, we are growing faster than the market. The reality is that the overall market was expected to be mid-single digits and then we would have been in the high single digits with our growth on top of that.  It's now the total market is low single digits. We're growing in mid-single digits. So it's meaningful growth. It's just not the growth that we had budgeted essentially this time, a year ago, leveraging third-party data. So again, growing, and this is a very large business, $350 billion business. We have 17% market share.  We are meaningfully confident in our ability to grow versus the market to take share and to deliver compounded growth on an annual basis on the top line and bottom line. We'll talk more about that in August as Neil said. What are the types of actions that we can take? And then you asked a very specific question, are we worried about deep discounting?  I am not worried about deep discounting. That is not the recipe for success in this industry. Leading with price is not sticky, leading with price is able to be copied by others. We're going to lead with service differentiation through Sysco Your Way, through Perks, through our Italian platform expansion and we are going to be very clear on allocating our sales reps time to spend more time with new customer prospecting, but that does not imply that price is the lever.  It's calling upon a customer that you've not served before. It's bringing in a specialty produce expert to penetrate produce in a category that hasn't purchased it before. It's introducing one of our Buckhead Meats premium protein specialist to a customer who's not buying premium protein, but yet we offer the best product in the industry, et cetera.  So it's about in the second half of the year, leveraging our growth initiatives, they're working and we can accelerate those initiatives of Perks, Sysco Your Way, Italian and allocation of time and our sales reps can spend more of their time with prospecting new and penetrating further with existing and we're getting better and better at that.  I've net spoken a lot about digital tools today, but we've enhanced our website to make it more clear to customers who have not purchased a product from us before. We're providing them even better suggestions on you might also consider the following that technology gets easier to use and better over time.  We are now able to push promotional e-mails to our customer, articulating to them products that would be compelling to them and providing them a short-term discount in order to make it interesting to them to give that product to try, but those are levers that are new-ish to Sysco, leveraging e-mail, leveraging techs, leveraging our digital tools and the capability of targeting our sales reps to the right customer prospects with a preapproved deal that's compelling to the customer, but underwritten by Sysco Finance as compelling and profitable for us. .
Kevin Hourican: Yes. So Neil, just did a good job talking about structural cost out and what I want to talk about is just operational cost. The biggest focus in the second half of the year has brought out through a couple of prior questions is the ability to continue to make progress in improving productivity. I haven't spoken about the strategic initiative side of those efforts during Q&A.  I just want to reinforce the importance of our driver academy. It's now nationwide and all hired drivers now go through the Sysco Driver Academy. If they don't have a CDL, they can become CDL certified. If they have a CDL, they get expert training and Sysco work practices and safety programs. So that training program is meaningfully working.  The retention and therefore lack of turnover for the people that are going through that program is meaningful. And as time goes on, the percentage of our associate population that has gone through that training program increases and then the retention value from that will grow over time.  So we're very, very pleased with the improvement in retention from our driver program and that will result in higher productivity into the future, because we're really good at training our associates when they're going through that program and also when they're with us and the more tenured they are, the more productive they are, the more safe they work and that is a positive to our forward-facing outcomes.  And we're building new muscle in regards to staffing that I talked about earlier. We're doing a better job of forward-facing planning on peak window periods, lower volume window periods and having more staffing flexibility so that we can be more nimble for the business up and down trends so that our cost per piece can improve over time tied to that improved staffing level and we're getting much better at that.
Neil Russell: Hey, Kelly, good morning. Good to hear from you. Just a couple of points from me here. First of all, talking about some of the operating expenses we had, as I alluded to in my prepared comments, first of all, snapback costs, which we've talked about for the past several quarters to remind you going back, we are originally about $35 million then they were reduced to $29 million then to $10 million and now very pleased for the second quarter to be down to zero in that.  And similarly, for the productivity cost that we've talked about over the last few quarters, we had $41 million and then $41 million again and now down to $22 million for the second quarter. So we are seeing the reductions in both of those lines that we had previously alluded to and we feel like we're very much at a turning point for some of these operating costs and we would expect that momentum to continue into the second half of the year.  Addressing the below-the-line item specifically, what you saw in the second quarter, which was expense of about $15 million, I think is a fair representation of what we should expect per quarter for the remainder of the fiscal year. That's largely driven by pension expense, which has been influenced by interest rates.  And we feel like that's going to be a fairly stable number because, as you know, we transferred liabilities as part of a transfer plan that we did during the quarter. And as a result of doing that, we had to remeasure the plant and so because we remeasured the plan, we feel like that's going to be a fairly stable number for us. We won't remeasure the plan again until we get to the end of the year. So thanks very much for the question. Hopefully, that helps.
Neil Russell: Thanks, Kevin. Hey, Ed, good morning. Two things, Ed. First of all, on the FY 2023 portion of your question, we completely rebuilt the forecast as part of the process here and gratitude to the finance team for all the good work over the last several weeks to do that. As I alluded to, we feel very good about a few things that we rebuilt and are in there.  As Kevin alluded to in his comments, the labor activity expense impact of $26 million is in the rearview mirror, but obviously, that factored into the adjustment that we did. The pension expense that I just spoke about, we remeasured the plans, we have high confidence and what we think those numbers will be going forward.  I also mentioned things like the productivity and snapback cost that Kevin just alluded to that we feel very good about the turning point, if you will, that we see on those types of cost items. So we looked at the market, we looked at everything we have, and we have pretty high confidence in the numbers in which we're offering to you for the rest of this year.  As it pertains to the second part of your question for next year, fiscal 2024, we're at the halfway point here in FY 2023. We feel really good about the progress we're making across the enterprise. We continue to gain share as we've talked about. We're driving really compelling returns through the Recipe for Growth initiatives including a lot of really good operating efficiency.  That's part of the slide Kevin referred you to and our long-term plans reflect double-digit growth in both top and bottom line and along the way, we're returning a lot of value to shareholders through the dividend, share repurchase and of course, the profit growth. So we would typically update the next year during the summer as we look at the end of year results for us and that will be our plan for now. So we'll take a look at fiscal 2024 numbers when were port our end of year 2023 numbers.
Neil Russell: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Hey, Jeff, good to hear from you, as well. Just a couple of points from me. To answer your question, yes, we have factored in current performance to the year-to-go guide. One additional item I would point out to you is we've had improvement in our Sysco brand penetration, which we're very pleased with.  That team has been doing a very good job, further penetrating both current accounts and new accounts with our Sysco brand product, which, of course, is a higher-margin product. So we see that momentum we're factoring that into our guide as well.  So we do have good confidence in the year to go look that we have in the numbers we offered and just a reminder for those, the guide, the midpoint that we offered today is a 25% year-over-year growth and a 15% growth over 2019. So we like what we see there and we have really high confidence in that guidance.
Neil Russell: Hey John, I just want to put a proof point out there to wrap up what Kevin was talking about. I'll bring you back to the slide presentation in Page 9. In looking at our U.S. Broadline business sequentially, second quarter versus prior first quarter, our delivery pieces per hour for our driver universe 500 basis point improvement and then in the warehouse, in the selector position, a 600 basis point improvement in what we're seeing there.  So all these initiatives wrap together are really driving good momentum across both top line and bottom line and how we're managing it. I think it's a really good proof point. A lot of the initiatives Kevin was just walking you through.
Neil Russell: Hey, Lauren, it's Neil. I'll start and then I'll pass to Kevin. Let me talk about the EPS and the guidance first. There are a few factors that came into play for our adjustment. As I mentioned, we totally and completely rebuilt the forecast based on a few different things. First of all, the market environment that Kevin referenced in his prepared comments and having a clean, good view to where we think the market is right now and headed for the next couple of quarters.  On the cost side of the equation, as we talked about the impact of the labor dispute, putting that into the numbers looking at the pension expense, now that we've remeasured the plan at the midpoint of the year, knowing that that will continue forward as I mentioned, that about $15 million of expense that you saw down below the line, carrying forward again in Q3 and again in Q4.  And even though improvement, we still have some of those productivity costs that we are carrying and our best view on that. So taking all those factors into consideration, the market environment, some of these expenses, that is what went into the updated guidance and therefore, our confidence that we feel very good about that new number. And then Kevin, over to you.
Neil Russell: Hey, Alex, good morning. It's Neil. I'll take that one. As you alluded to, we are well north of the original goal of $750 million of cost out, which we feel very good about and we continue to make progress in that area. Largely speaking, these cost-out initiatives are helping to fund our investments for future growth and we feel very good about the long-term capabilities through some of the digital tools that Kevin just referenced for us to be able to have a good long-term platform for sustainable growth.  We're well north of the $750 million. We're working on what the next iteration of that will be, and we look forward to sharing what future cost out numbers can be on top of the $750 million that we've already exceeded. Go ahead, Kevin.
