Kevin Hourican: Good morning, Jeff. Thank you for the question. This is Kevin. We're confident in our ability to continue to improve in local sales. As you just said, the 2.9 is an average -- weighted average, obviously, across the three months. And sequentially, the quarter improved each and every one of those months. So we are confident in our ability to continue to make progress in local case volume growth. And at the historic profitability metrics that Sysco industry-leading will continue to produce. So it's profitable local case growth. The biggest drivers, I'd say the performance management on the sales consultant side is the most immediate lever. The compensation change would be the second most impactful measure and total team selling followed up by the increased SC headcount would be the third and the fourth of the four things I said on the call, if I ranked them from an impact perspective. As it relates to the second half of your question on January, there has been a slowdown in January. I would describe it more as a blip, a bump in the road, if you will. There's a couple of factors driving the January. Week one of January had a calendar unfavorability tied to a holiday and where it fell historically cold weather. I hate the W word. I never used the W word, but there was some extraordinary weather in January, which made it awfully difficult to make deliveries to customers in large swaths of the United States. That's backed up by the credit card data from the major banks that consumption that food-away-from-home was down in January. Jeff, I'm not overly concerned about that. It's the lowest volume month of the year that there's going to be a blip or a bump you'd want it to be in that month. So, goes March, so goes the quarter. And we've got levers that we can pull on the year to go, and I toss to Kenny for any additional comment in that regard.
Kevin Hourican: Okay. So, let me unpack to questions, what surprised me and what are some takeaways in the first half of the year. I think the biggest thing is Sysco has proven we can manage the business under various different environments. If you remember, Q1 was slightly deflationary in the US. Q2 was slightly positive in -- for the US. And in both quarters in the first half, we delivered operating margin expansion of roughly 26 bps and also GP margin dollar expansion and GP margin expansion of 28 bps. So, again, I think first half was a really good proof point that under any circumstance, Sysco has the levers on the P&L to drive positive and consistent growth and being able to drive quality of earnings on the cash flow side. So, that's about more in the first half. In terms of the full year guidance, let me just provide a bit more color. So, we do expect overall this year, lower overall market volume growth versus 2023. However, continued market share gains from our company, profitable growth at Sysco. Inflation, as I mentioned on the last earnings call, Q2 came in slightly positive aligned with our expectation. In the back half, we are still -- remain consistent with what we said on both the first earnings call that we had at the end of last year and the previous 90 days ago. We expect the back half to be slightly positive on inflation. We still have two quarters ago, but I believe that Q2 slight positive inflation provides us comfort around our original assumptions. In terms of -- on the expense side of the house, disciplined expense management, our team has already directed an effort to reduce the structural expense by $100 million. We are on pace and we've begun building additional pipeline for future periods. In terms of working your way down to the P&L on the tax rate side, it's 24.5%, no change. There's a slight step up on interest expense of roughly $20 million attached to the $500 million of additional share repurchase. If you net it to impact together, so Jeff, I think your question is what is the accretion on EPS? There is a net accretion of roughly $0.05 or so net of the interest expense increase coupled with the retirement of the shares. So that is the $0.05 impact that you can expect for the fiscal year. With that said, with all the intra-working variables, we are reiterating and reconfirming our full year guide of $4.20 to $4.40 with the midpoint of 7% growth versus last year.
Kevin Hourican: Good morning, Mark. We're really pleased with the progress that we're making. And those efforts began in Q2, I want to be clear about this. So in the early innings, we haven't quoted publicly the exact number of people we're hiring, but it's a significant number. We are not having a challenge with hiring and filling our classes. They are roster classes that we fill, and we put them through a very, very robust industry-leading training program. As it relates to competitive forces and the impact on our ability to hire, we're not having challenges filling the positions. That's my answer. We don't just go to a competitor, if you will. That is a source of talent. We also go to restaurants. We go to culinary schools. We're looking for people that are food eccentric that are good at selling have a passion for this industry. We can train them on our tools. We can train them on our selling systems and process, and we can train them to scale them up to be what they are, which is the best in the industry, and that's from our Net Promoter Score. So we're not having a difficult time filling our classes. We're really pleased with the first cohorts. We are on track to be able to hit the targeted hiring rate. And as I said before, that positively impacts 2025 from a growth perspective. Mark, back to you if you have any follow-up.
Kevin Hourican: Hey, Mark, I appreciate the question. Let me just start with Edward Don, which is the significant transaction that we've done this fiscal year. I want to be really clear on the numbers that we quoted today. So one month of sales and profit are in the numbers that we described, but from a volume perspective because I know that's a question some may have, we have not included Edward Don volume in our case growth figures at this time. So the growth in cases of 3.4 in total and 2.9 in local is pure Sysco, not including Don. I just want to be really clear about that. As it relates to the early innings, I was just up in Chicago last week. We had a great day with Steve Don and his leadership team and our leaders talking about the synergy capabilities between the two companies, we can purchase better together, buying product at a better and more affordable cost. We can target joint customers more effectively. So we have large national sales, restaurant customers or hospitality customers of Sysco that aren't currently customers have Don and vice versa. Don has some really big customers that Sysco's not the food service distributor, so we can sell together in a joint proposition. And then there's this huge opportunity longer term to take that equipment and sales, product, category and have it shoppable on Sysco's digital platforms, deliverable on either a Don truck or perhaps some day to a local small mom-and-pop customer on a Sysco truck. We're really excited, not just about the $1.3 billion in profitable top line we acquired through Don, we're very excited about how we can grow that business meaningfully for years to come. And I know Steve Don and his team are equally as excited. As it relates to Ready Chef in Ireland, just keep in context, it's a much smaller countries. So the size of that acquisition is actually compelling for the country that it's in. And what it was, was a fresh point like entity. So to be crystal clear, in Ireland, we did not have a fresh cut bespoke produce business and purchasing Ready Chef gives us what I'll call from our US perspective, that FreshPoint capability. We're running the Sysco play. That's the headline. It's not a change in strategy. Our strategy is in each of the major countries that we compete within, we will run the Sysco play, which is to be the leader in broadline into bolt-on specialty capabilities over time, so we can sell around the room for the customers that we serve and do so profitably. So we're excited about that acquisition in Ireland. Our leadership team in Ireland is top-notch, and I am very confident in their ability to profitably grow the business, better serve customers and increase penetration with existing customers within Ireland.
Kevin Hourican: John, great question. And for the quarter that we just completed, this is the biggest reason for our improvement from what was flat in Q1 to up 2.9 in Q2 is from what I call performance management, which is visit frequency, visit quality. The comp change poorly helped, but it was early innings and that will have a bigger impact in a year to go and the incremental SEs will impact 2025. We've not gone public with the numbers, the targets, John. But we have a very specific target of the number of visits that need to happen per week per SE, and we can track it. We can track it through this year end. And we were not where we needed to be. COVID had a disruption in a lot of things in life, and one of them was SE's doing more of that work from a home office than we would have liked. We kind of ripped that band-aid off and made it really clear on what our expectations are of visit frequency. That's the wheel side of the job. Get out there, pound the street be in front of our customers. This is a relationship business. We're being in front of the customer every week matters, and we have moved the needle meaningfully in the last quarter on the number of visits being completed per week for our SEs. Point two, though, that you brought up is that's only worthwhile if it's a quality visit. So how do we measure quality? We have visited a purpose. And in our CRM tool, it will prompt our SEs with jobs to be done that day, introduce the Sysco brand case, win back the case that was lost over the last x period of time. Sell a category you've not sold before. Those are just three examples of jobs to be done. The CRM data rich understands what's being purchased, what should be purchased. And it essentially prompts the SEs with things to sell. And how do I measure quality? I measure quality by close rate against those jobs to be done and we can track it. We have a scorecard that ranks every one of our sales people from top to bottom, and then we do performance managing against the quality side of the visit. Recognize the top performers, coach the move the middle and hold accountable those that aren't getting the job done and everything in between. John, back to you for any follow-up.
Kevin Hourican: So, here's my -- how we think about it. It's both, right? It is the gross profit line and the operating income line. If you look at Q2, you can see that our topline growth was 4%. If you just do the math, the cost of goods, if you will, between sales and gross profit was up 3%. So, you had a nice leverage driven by strategic sourcing, our partnership with suppliers driven by mix of business, growth in specialty, local brand penetration. And as a result, GP actually grew 5%. So, we had a nice leverage between sales and GP. Now to Europe on SG&A, we're working extremely hard, driving productivity out. The good news is, is the $100 million of cost out that we talked about at the beginning of the year, that is being seen through the P&L and we're working through a pipeline that's going to render success for us in outer period. And that is -- and you can see GP growing, call it, 5%, and then net earnings growing close to double-digit for the prior year. So, you're getting the leverage, John, on both the cost of good line and the OpEx line and we have initiatives back to both sides of the house.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, Ed, good question. Thank you. We're confident in our ability to profitably grow the local business and not kind of regress back to the mean on where we were in Q1. That's one of the main messages from today's call. We've built momentum local performance, very strong. Exit velocity was strong. Unfortunately, the industry as I did a speed bump, I talked about the W word, which I hate talking about. There's also a two-year stack thing going on in January where because of very, very strong growth a year ago. tied to the prior year being Omicron. There's a two-year stack phenomenon on January that normalizes itself by mid-February, which we'll get through. And as you know, March is the most important month. But we're not going to quote a number on today's call vis-à-vis what you should expect from a local case volume growth other than what we are seeing and what we predict is built into the guidance for the year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver the midpoint of the guidance that we point out today. Kenny touched to for any additional comments.
Kevin Hourican: I mean -- this is Kevin. We don't include SSMG in our volumes because the business is measured through pounds. And just getting to a common denominator is difficult. The way Don measures their business is today not the same as how we measure the business cases versus pallets versus eaches. And we want to make sure that we get that right before we include it in our metrics, and that's something that we're working on as a part of our integration planning.
Kevin Hourican: Yes. Josh, thanks. On the existing customers, I'll bridge back. I didn't talk a lot today on the prepared remarks about our Recipe for Growth. I was trying to really keep it narrow and focused on drive local case performance through selling effectiveness and supply chain. We're really pleased with our Recipe for Growth strategy and the impact of our growth programs on our business. And I'd point you to Sysco Your Way and Perks as two very, very important programs that are increasing penetration with existing customers. They're continuing to do well at our Investor Day in May. We're going to talk about the longer-term plans for those two growth programs. And then the third is our total team selling effort, which is we over-index in broadline. We have meaningful share in broadline, and our share is below industry average in specialty. That's why we are as focused on produce and protein and the ethnic cuisines as we are, we're moving the needle with existing customers on total team selling. As I've mentioned before, what that program is, is each account has a sales consultant generalist, who is the relationship manager, who's there every week, but they are not going to be an expert in specialty [indiscernible] protein. They're not going to be an expert in specialty organic produce, as an example. And we're doing a better job of identifying which customers have the propensity to buy those categories, linking up that specialist with the sales consultant generalist in doing a joint visit and then compensating them in such a way that they win together when those cases are added to a Sysco truck, regardless if that's a fresh point truck or a Sysco broadline truck. And we're moving the needle with existing customers as measured by penetration. We're pleased with our performance in that regard. But the lifeblood, we call it the oxygen of the business is constantly bringing in new customers. You need that oxygen to breathe. We're very focused on new. We're very focused on making that a priority of the sales force. It's embedded within our updated compensation model as a priority. If they win new business, that's profitable and sufficiently large to make it worth our while to be going to those customers. There's a minimum threshold that they get rewarded as a sales force. That works hard. Prospecting is hard work. We need to make it a priority. We need to manage it, and I'm really pleased with the progress that's been made this last quarter on increasing the portion of our business that's new business one.
Kevin Hourican: Thank you for the follow-up. We're really pleased with our progress of improvement in supply chain. Retention is up overall market, as you just indicated, fewer people are leaving their jobs. There are fewer jobs that are open. So, therefore, just general staffing health in the industry is better. And then specifically at Sysco, we're fully staffed. It doesn't mean we don't have a job opening in a specific site today. But in aggregate across our network, we are fully staffed that bring down, as Kenny said, our hiring costs, our training costs, shrink improves, damages improved, accidents on the road improved. Everything about the ecosystem improves when we have a more tenured population. We're really pleased with that. The productivity levers that we have are moving up into the right as a result of that. Oftentimes, I get asked the question, what inning are we in? I think we're up to inning seven now on supply chain kind of recovering to pre-COVID, which means we still have some gas in the tank. And I want to be clear, when we get to inning nine, the game is not over. What happens in inning nine is then we introduce new technology, we introduced productivity improvement programs, et cetera. We can get beyond, meaning better than 2019 levels of productivity. But I'd say we're in inning seven, we still have room to improve, and we're focused on delivering.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah. So I can start. So you are correct. The local customer does come with an attachment rate with a higher GP dollars per case, and there was a margin accretion as well with the local customer, and we are seeing that flow through the P&L, and that's one of the reasons why you're seeing a nice mix between your leverage on GP as well as the leverage down to EBITDA and net earnings. With that said, though, I think we shouldn't overlook the CMU success that we've had in our business. We are also seeing margin expansion. We are also seeing cost of goods leverage across the portfolio of our CMU business. Again, one may think it's just restaurant, but it's not. There's other specialty growth segments that we're winning in the marketplace, that's driving accretion on the margin side. When we talk about strategic sourcing, it is not just for a local customer. It is the size and scale of Sysco, and that benefit skills across both our local customers and CMU. We are renewing, we are winning businesses at a higher margin clip at the current moment.
Kevin Hourican: Just to plus up the last point that Kenny made, I've tried to be very clear about this point over the last several quarters. Our success in national sales, and we are clearly succeeding in national sales, growing new customer wins and the profitability of that business, as Kenny just said. There's nothing about the growth in national that hinders our ability to grow local. We do not have supply chain capacity constraints, we do not have hiring constraints. What I said on the last call is we want to keep the play running and working in national, and we want to make meaningful progress in local, and we displayed that this past quarter with a 300 basis point improvement and our intention is to continue to make improvement in local.
Kevin Hourican: It's Kevin, I'll just add. You asked about prices to the consumer in the local business, in particular. It's a very efficient market, John. So, as our COGS come down, yes, the way it works is we then are able to pass through value to our customers. So, unlike a retail store, we're publishing prices in a circular and putting signs on a shelf. For us, it's a dynamic business. The book gets priced weekly, as do our competitors. And as prices come down, it's an efficient market. And that gets passed through to customers. As Kenny said, though, we didn't maintain profitability ratios on the way up. We can maintain profitability ratios on the way down. That's the value of our pricing tool that we are leveraging extensively to make sure that we are where we need to be. As it relates to just general confidence in the year-to-go inflation figures, we've got a lot of data at Sysco. We have global data. We have access to a large amount, as Kenny said, across the 12-plus categories. Some are moving up, some are moving down. The one that's going to be the biggest tailwind in the year to go is Produce. Produce was substantially deflationary in Q2 because of wild markets the year before due to major flooding in California. Produce is going to return to more normal, like low levels of inflation, 1% to 2% versus down substantially in Q2. So that's one of the bigger drivers of giving confidence in the year to go. And we said muted inflation, but certainly muted inflation is up from where we were in the first half of the year.
Kevin Hourican: Alex, it's Kevin. I'll start and then if Kenny has anything to add, he can jump in. Let me first just talk about like where is the business growing, where is success happening, and then I'll flip back to the customer. But it's okay, I'm going to actually answer it in reverse. Right now, broadline is winning. And what I mean by that is distributors. So broadline distributors are winning. People ask us all the time, Kevin, how can it be true that you plus the other big two are all saying you're taking share? Answer is scale matters in this industry. Size and scale matter, our purchasing scale, our delivery scale, our technology scale. And frankly, all three of the big three are growing faster than the market. Our growth for the quarter was plus 3.4 and the overall market was very nominal growth. So we meaningfully outgrew versus the market and my suspicion will be as well the other big players in the space. So what does that mean? It means the growth is coming from smaller regional distributors and specialty distributors. Point two for the Sysco specific thesis is our specialty business is meaningfully performing. So we're winning in broadline in total versus the 60-plus percent of the business that's not done through the Big 3, that's a very clear point that should be understood. 60% of the business does not happen from the Big 3, where the big players are winning meaningfully in broadline versus that 60%. And then within specialty, Sysco's specialty is outperforming versus specialty. So that's kind of the thesis or the story of why we're outperforming versus the market. As it relates to the customer side, we're seeing no discernible moves trade up, trade down, trade left, trade right. The best operators are winning. People who have interesting concepts or interesting culinary trends are winning, but we're not seeing trade up or trade down. Since the January blip that I mentioned, it was a robust food-away-from-home market in Q2. And then specifically, December was a robust month as consumers were frequenting food-away-from-home establishments.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah. Independent traffic, especially in December was robust. That's my most concise way of describing it. Really healthy, strong. I'd tell you we're strong across food away from home, but independents, in particular, very strong in December.
Kevin Hourican: Yeah. So you are correct in terms of the second half dynamic and let me explain what that means. So, in the first half of fiscal year 2023, if you recall, we had snapback and [indiscernible] time in the first half of last year. But also recall, throughout the back half of last year, fiscal year 2023, those costs subsided, it became zero towards the back half. Also supply chain, productivity, turnover, retention, labor standards, all of those things that we're driving the value that we're seeing today, that started really towards the back half of last year. So, said differently, Brian, we are lapping a more challenging comparison from a comp standpoint. With that said, we are also investing in our business and our stride is operating leverage here for the full year.
Kevin Hourican: Yes, this is Kevin. I'll start, Brian. I appreciate the question on international. I'll talk about just what we're seeing in international, and Kenny can address the inflation part of the question at the end. Yes, the headline here is we're very pleased with international performance. Rewind tape, I've been here four plus years now. COVID had a very negative impact on international. The shutdowns were earlier. They were deeper, they were longer. They were more punitive and it was a rough go, especially in Europe. We're out of that now. We are clear of that, and we are very pleased with our performance. International is a tailwind for Sysco from a growth perspective and from a profitability improvement contribution perspective. I'll just call out three examples from a color commentary to give it some texture. Canada is doing incredibly well. Local performance in Canada, greater than 6% case growth. Local performance Canada, greater than 6% case growth, and that's our largest international business. Why is that happening? We're deploying the Sysco play in an even greater way, bringing advanced digital tools to the country, bringing the Recipe for Growth to the country and leveraging an extremely talented team north of the border. So, Canada is doing extremely well. Great Britain, our second largest international country. We've always had a very good robust and mature CMU business and we were underpenetrated in local. We are meaningfully focused on winning local from a leadership perspective in country, and we are revamping our supply chain and our systems capabilities in Great Britain to be able to better serve local customers in that country, and we're moving them up the profitability curve as a result of increasing penetration with local. And last but not least, let me talk about France. France has been a problem child for my tenure at Sysco, mostly self-inflicted. I have been very transparent about that over time. And we have turned the corner in France, upward, onward, and better. We're off to a really good start in the first half of the year in France. We have a strong leadership team in place in France, and they're really beginning to -- like I've said a second ago, run the Sysco play. We've deployed strategic sourcing, AKA PJM, which is our strategic sourcing capability. We're working on introducing Sysco brand product in France, and we're working to increase the product range available and each of those things is working and France is contributing positively this year to our P&L in a way that is beneficial to the overall company. So, those are just some color commentary points and I toss to Kenny for any comments on inflation.
Kenny Cheung: Hey Jeff, good morning. On January, I agree with Kevin, what we're seeing right now. While volume has been slightly impacted. We have the ability to flex labor and mitigate the impact of lower volume with our labor [ph] planning tool that we talked about, and that is in conjunction with the disciplined engineering labor standards that we've implemented. However, weather also impacts over time, productivity, customer returns, delivery costs, which we will mitigate throughout the fiscal year with levers in our P&L. Therefore, the full year guidance remains intact. In terms -- Kevin talked a bit about local in the US, one comment is local international. As we know, international is roughly 20% of our business. And we've replicated some of the RFG, Recipe for Growth playbook there. And we are seeing nice growth from our Canadian business and our European business, which is both up roughly 80%, and it's really driven by new customers, penetration, and customer retention. So, we are excited and we continue to invest and capture growth with pace and discipline.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. On local growth, as Kevin said, our assumptions are baked into the guidance. We are always focused on profitable growth. That's really important for our company. And you can see that's the reason why that the cash conversion and not leverage was so strong in Q2. In terms of Edward Don, so in our volume number, just to clarify, BIX is in our volume year-over-year, it's immaterial. From a Don side, it is in our total number, just not in the volume number given the different product attributes.
Kenny Cheung: Yeah. One point for me is, as I mentioned earlier, we have the labor planning tool, and we're really matching -- being very agile here on the expense side, matching labor with volume and making sure that's with the backdrop of the Sysco work standards that I talked about earlier in my question in January, the driver academy, our training programs, our engineering labor standards keep getting better and stronger. We improve processes through leveraging, as Kevin said technology. The next wave of productivity improvement is the better have discipline to the standard work that we're doing. So still room for improvement, but we are pleased with the improvement we made in the supply chain, and that's factored into the 2024 guidance.
Kenny Cheung: Hey John, it's Kenny. I'll start. So, on the topic of inflation, you are correct. We are informed by data. We actually have a terrific [ph] tool of data. We partnered directly with suppliers, third-party strategic partners, institutions and the like. And so we have a rich data set of our own as well, given how much volume goes through our supply chain each and every day across various segments and industries. So, we're all that modeling in right now. Number two, we watch our basket very closely. Now, I've talked about this in the past. But if you think about our commodity basket, we have 12 main commodities. And we don't really over index on anyone in particular. No one come out more than 15%. So, each and every day, we're managing inflation and deflation, right? For example, you could have beef, for example, which is growing close to double-digit, but you can have another commodity that's in a different space. So, Sysco has historically and today managed deflation, inflation day in and day out. And the third point, as I mentioned earlier, Q1 deflation in the US; Q2, slightly positive inflation. On both quarters, we were able to effectively drive positive, consistent and operating leverage to our P&L.
Kenny Cheung: Yeah. Thank you. I'll say a few things here. So if you think about chain business, right, I'll say ROIC is a lens, how we look at all businesses, including chain. On the CMU side, as Kevin mentioned, we did accelerate. You are correct. The math is correct, but we accelerated profitably. That's a really important point here. Many of the things that we're doing across technology, strategic sourcing, all of our initiatives does impact both the local and the CMU side. So it is scaling and I know we say this a lot of time scale and size really matters in the industry. So that's really important. Sometimes, we'll say this -- we all think the compensation plan ties only local. We have many, many things that scales across both local and CMU driving possibility for both sides of the house. That's my first point. The second point is, again, ROIC cuts both ways. In SYGMA, which is mostly the bigger customers, they were down on volume year-on-year. However, given the supply chain efficiencies and productivity that we're driving and pruning the customer side of the house, we were able to double -- more than double the business on profit, 140% increase there. So that gives you a little bit of color on how we think about productivity as well as some of the other side of ROIC.
Kenny Cheung: Yes. Brian. So if you think about the -- earlier in the year, the inflation for international was roughly over 10% and this very quarter that we just had was roughly 6.5%. So we are seeing inflation subsiding a bit throughout the quarter. With that said though, we are excited given the one global operating model that we're operating in right now, and that is driving dividends. It extends our size, extends our scale, leverage capabilities, tools and best practices. So as Kevin talked about, a lot of that playbook under the one umbrella of global operating model is really creating dividend. So yes, while inflation is pressured, we are seeing the ops us through future sourcing local case growth, technology play, overall, one global operating model. So yes, we are still very optimistic and bullish about the international market as a growth engine for us. As you can see in Q2, we were up 10% on topline and 30% on operating income.
