Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Jeff. We remain very pleased with the progress of our transformation in these early stages and remain confident in the 3-year road map outlined in June. For those of you familiar with my operating philosophy, the immediate focus of any retail turnaround is growing sales. From that perspective, we are succeeding.  We are providing a new experience to the next generation of customers across both our segments and seeing strong repeat purchase activity from these new shoppers. Our goal is to provide the consumer with convenience, value, variety and a great shopping experience. Our stores are already conveniently located. 87% of the population of the Continental United States lives within a 5-mile radius of one of our stores.  As we grow our footprint, we will be closer and more convenient to an even greater number of customers. I remain confident that our long-term earnings potential can be realized within the time frame we have communicated. Our improving top line performance places us in a position of strength and the combined impact of our merchandising, real estate, supply chain, IT and people initiatives should put us in an even stronger position relative to the competition. Operator, Jeff and I are now ready to take questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Great question again. What's happening in Dollar Tree as we were responding to the needs of the consumer. You go back a year ago, we did not have nearly the number of consumable SKUs that we now have in the store. Saying all that, our discretionary business on the Dollar Tree side was slightly up. But what -- when I think about quarter 3, particularly or quarter 4, we're going to be in a much stronger position on the margin due because of the change in the mix, we think is going to happen. And that's because quarter 4 is a very seasonal quarter for us with Christmas and Halloween and all of that. So I remain bullish on it. I do believe, Ed, that we are responding to the customer and sales takes care of everything eventually, and the 2-year stack in Dollar Tree is just outstanding. So I remain very, very bullish on where we're going with the margin. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Another effort that we're working really, really hard on. In regards to the number of cooler doors, we're going to go from 3, I believe, 10 or 12 is the plan. We'll have a door that is a $1.25, couple of doors will be $3, $4, $5, and we're actually looking as we look at the multi-price point to expand that even more. The interesting thing is when a frozen food item goes into the basket, the basket actually gets larger. So your point about driving traffic, driving transactions is spot on. The other interesting thing, when we went to $3, $4 and $5, that allowed us to offer a family serving versus at $1.25, where it's just a single serve. So again, much more appealing to the actual -- to the consumer.  The other thing, John, the fact that we went to multiple price points allowed us to put ice back in the stores. And ice is always a big seller. When we were locked in on the dollar, we had to take it out and we went to a larger bag, 7 pounds, took it to $2. And again, we're back in the ice business. I also agree that what will happen is we will keep growing sales and allow us to leverage our SG&A down in the stores.  And then I also want you to think about the fact as we roll roto carts out, that we'll be delivering to the Dollar Tree stores and those also. So all of that time that it takes to unload a truck will be invested in putting more multi-price point items out on the shelves. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Great question. As I look at the flow across both banners through the quarter, it was pretty consistent all the way through. We started off strong, and it remained strong through the balance of the quarter.  There -- in terms of performance, I think it's pretty even, but I will make this observation. It appears that the trade down from a higher income customer it's coming more in the urban environment than in the rural environment. So that's -- it's an interesting spin, but it's pretty even all the way across. In regards to the competitive environment out there in regards to pricing, the way I see it, it's very rational right now. Nothing significant is going on. I would say the ad collateral is basically the same it's always been. Everybody's kind of -- I think everybody is on the same playing field right now. 
Richard Dreiling: I'll take the first part, Jeff. Matt, the traffic is steadily increasing in Dollar Tree. Our traffic was up 9% in quarter 2. Really, really pleased with that. Your other question is discretionary was still up in Dollar Tree. It was up 3.9%. The consumables though, were up over 11%, which is our way -- and remember, consumables drive that traffic. And we have, by unlocking that price point -- and as we continue to unlock the price point, it's going to open up more opportunities for us to bring in really powerful value items. So pleased with customer traffic. In fact, I'll throw this in. Customer traffic was up 3.4% on the Family Dollar side. So we are seeing movement now with the customer base. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. In regards to the 78-inch profile, we hope to have that complete towards the end of the year. I would say we're probably maybe 40% or 50% done. While we're doing the Family Dollar side, we're also going to do the Dollar Tree side. So we're making progress on it. And the H2.5 remodels, all of those have the new shelf profile in. And by the way, the shelf profile raise allows us to add more cooler doors and refrigerated. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. There's a couple of additional items, Michael. We -- as it relates to the flow-through, and we tried to call us out -- it's really a situation where our sales mix is an area that, as you see across the retail landscape, people are moving more into consumables, and that we're not immune to that. The other area that we talked about was shrink and the ongoing progression there. Those are the 2 more significant items from a gross margin basis that are really impacting us and addressing the flow-through or restricting the flow through.  The other thing that it's kind of muted in our comments, but this past quarter, we had about $0.07 related to an accrual adjustment that we needed to make for the progression of certain general liability claims that really dated back to 2019 and 2020 during the pandemic period. Once again, something that we needed to take care of, but it also restricted the flow through and the tremendous sales that we were driving over the course of the year. So I think that we're seeing right now, we've called out in the past and reason for our adjustment in the overall guidance that we gave last quarter, which was around sales and shrink. And then it was just further exacerbated, unfortunately, with this accrual adjustment we need to make. 
Jeffrey Davis: And Ed, the other thing I would add to that, hopefully, I hope don't sound like a broken record here, but -- unfortunately, the headwinds we're having in shrink are muting our margins right now. When you get a chance, you have an opportunity to take a look at the supplemental presentation that we have, you'll see that shrink is continuing to be -- restrict our margins by about 75 to 80 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We are taking the appropriate actions, we believe in the organization to start to address that. As you know, shrink is a sort of a trailing indication because stores are shrinking over the course of the year. And as you're adding new actions to reduce it, it takes time for those things to actually take hold. But between the sales mix and the shrink once again, this is one of the things that have been muting the margin.  The other thing that while we are seeing less frequency of product cost increases and maybe the magnitude of those are not as significant. They are still in the marketplace. And Rick McNeely and his team are freeing our ways to work through those through a number of different merchandising actions. So we still have a little bit of headwind there on product cost pressures, which as we move forward, depending on consumer demands, we believe that those will start to -- should start to abate over time. 
Jeffrey Davis: And as it relates to the investments that we're making, they're really twofold. So you have expense mix investments as well as CapEx. As we think about the expense investments, I think you're spot on with respect to the wage and store standard elements. There's a few elements that also transcend into our supply chain as we need to increase and improve the standards in our DCs. We're right on track with respect to how we thought they would play out over the course of this year and then as we think about going into next year.  From a CapEx perspective, you kind of layer on top of that, then the work that we're going to be doing with our roto cart rollout and what we need to do with trailers and lift gates in the actual to other parts as well as what we're going to be doing from an IT perspective in adding additional capabilities with systems.  As you think about what's the level of comp that we're going to need to deliver. There's going to be a number of factors that you have to take into account and quite honestly, we are working through that right now as we look out. One is going to be what's going to be rate of inflation as it relates to our cost in the marketplace, especially in labor, which is one of our more significant areas.  The other piece, of course, is going to be in sales mix. The comp, you need a little higher level of comp when your sales mix is more weighted towards consumables versus discretionary. We believe, over time, we're going to see this mix balance out and then be not as significant a shift on a year-over-year basis, which you're seeing right now. Once again, that's over the long term. We had talked a little bit about this in the Investor Day, where we think that both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree will kind of average out over the period of time. So I'm not going to give you a comp number that we need to meet in order to leverage expenses at this point in time because there's a number of factors that we need to give a little more thought to and quite honestly, depending on what the economy does. 
Jeffrey Davis: Great question. And I'm glad that I got this question finally. One of the things that if you take a look at this quarter and the pace that we're on, we are right on our outlook that we had anticipated with respect to the level of spend in the transformation. And we are actually leveraging against our original forecast, given this strong sales performance. This is also taking into account once again, unfortunately, this accrual adjustment that we just needed to make.  So as we move forward, we continue to be disciplined in our spend. We look, as Rick has said, in some situations, an opportunity to pull forward a few items if we believe that we're going to be able to get the returns that much sooner. But the rate at which we are investing is according to our original outlook that we were we said at the beginning of this year. There are some modest inflationary components, as you can imagine, predominantly in utilities, and it is, as a result of the heat down that we're seeing on a national basis. The other area we're seeing a little more inflation would be in fuel, particularly in diesel fuel. And we've seen that here most recently and is reflected in -- both of these items are reflected in our guidance for the back half of this year. 
Jeffrey Davis: Great. Thank you, Kelly. There's a few things here. As we think about shrink and mix, it has definitely advanced a little further than what we had anticipated in our guidance that we had given last quarter. Having said that, we believe that there are other more favorable items that are helping to offset against that. One, in our sales momentum; Two, we are seeing additional freight opportunity as it relates from an ocean perspective. But as it relates to shrink and mix, we had mentioned earlier that we had about $0.55 in total expected as an adjustment to our comp -- to our earnings, and that was going to be spread pretty evenly between shrink and mix. Of that $0.55, about $0.15 of that was actually incurred in the first quarter. So that remains -- that gives you a $0.40 for the back for Q2 through Q4.  In Q2, against our original forecast, shrink and mix advanced another $0.08 on us. All of this is included in our forecast and as we're thinking about the back half, to the extent that there is any further acceleration, how we're thinking about offsetting that through other margin opportunities as we think about once again from additional freight favorability and/or other options that we have through the P&L. 
Jeffrey Davis: So let me -- what I gave was a pretty widespread answer. If you think about the balance of the year, in Q3, what we've said and really in the back half of the year, Q3 sales mix and shrink continues to be a headwind for us. We've taken approximately 70% to 75% of our stores and inventories. So we'll be through the balance of most of those stores by the end of the third quarter. So sales mix and shrink continues to be a little bit of a headwind for us.  Freight as far as diesel fuel continues to be a little bit of a headwind for us. And then once again, I said from utilities and this heat down back on this to be a little bit of a headwind for us. Offsetting that is going to be certain tailwinds. We've got sales momentum that we are projecting. We know that we believe that we have opportunities in additional freight from an ocean freight perspective. And also, we are starting to lap many of the SG&A investments that we started last year. As you go further into the back half of the year, we have less impact of sales mix and shrink because once again, we've taken all of our inventory. Fourth quarter is a much stronger quarter for us from a seasonal perspective, and it's focused on discretionary.  And then the tailwinds in the back half or in the fourth quarter. Once again, we have the 53rd week, which we'll make an adjustment for continued sales momentum in our projection, ocean freight. And then once again, we can further along in lapping those SG&A investments that we started in the back half of last year. So as we progress through the quarters, the fourth quarter, we believe, will be one of our strongest quarters because we have less headwinds from shrink and mix, as well as the sales momentum and continued oceanic freight opportunity. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. And on the journal liability claims, it was across both banners, and the best way to think about it was pretty evenly split. 
