Bob Sasser: Thank you, Kevin. The strategic rationale for the Family Dollar acquisition is more compelling than ever. This is an extremely large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 retail store locations, 180,000 people and 23 distribution centers, which based on store count is the largest of any previous retail merger. While we are very early in the integration process, I'm pleased with our progress. We have great confidence in our ability and the opportunity and the ability to achieve at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of year 3. These synergies will be achieved through a combination of lowering costs in both direct and indirect sourcing, banner optimization, logistics and overhead. We will employ a disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the combined organization through improved communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We're confident that placing our initial emphasis in these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. I'll close the prepared remarks by saying that the Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording record levels of earnings. Our model has been tested by time and validated by history. For 31 consecutive quarters, Dollar Tree had delivered positive same-store sales increases. Through good times and difficult times, and all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value no matter the state of the economy. While our price point remains $1, our operating margin continues to lead the discount sector. With the addition of Family Dollar, we're a larger, stronger and more diversified business, better able to serve more customers and more markets with exactly what they're looking for, great value in every store every day. And we have many years of growth ahead of us. Operator, we're now ready for your questions. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I will share with you this, one of our synergies was to work with our vendor partners to align the cost on the exact match items and also, to begin work on the similar match items, and we're really well into that, and I'm really excited about -- we're achieving what we expected in that. As far as working with our vendors going forward, our plan is to work with them to provide the best product to our customers, to sell it. And we want to drive product sales from our vendor partners. The way we go-to-market, we prefer, in many cases, to take those incentives and apply it to the cost of goods in such a way that we can share that value with the customer. We're going to make money by selling product and not by collecting funds. Now having said that, we don't expect them, the funds to go away. We expect to work with our vendor partners to use them in such a way that we can drive more cartons, more cases of their product through our doors. So I'm excited about the transition. I think you can get, as a retailer, and many retailers, I think get too focused on collecting the funds and not focused enough on the customer, not focused enough on driving value for the customer. And we're just -- as exactly as we've done it, Dollar Tree, we're always focused on the customer, getting the best price that we possibly can, that includes getting our share of the funding where possible, but getting the lowest price possible so that we can price the product appropriately and drive more chase sales through the front doors. And our vendor partners have the same goal, by the way. So we're completely aligned on that strategy. And I think that plans are coming together very, very nicely. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, Steve, that's a fair question. I can tell you that the 2 things that Kevin mentioned, there are things that we do in the normal course of business. We have doubled down on our testing, testing more times, especially on some of the categories that are more subject to compliance issues. And the idea is we don't want to fail. We want to make sure that we're providing the safe product for our customers and we doubled down on our testing. I think that's a onetime, not that we're not going to continue testing, but what you saw there was a little bit of a bubble based on a change in the way we are doing our testing that will smooth out over time. I have great confidence we'll be able to manage that for the long haul. The second thing was the big -- largest impact was our DC productivity was lower in third quarter. And there's a couple of things there. And they're all -- you can point to them, we can identify them, and we can fix them over time, but we are here at peak inventory times at Dollar Tree. We are receiving all the products for -- in the third quarter for our third quarter as well as our fourth quarter sales. It was a peak inventory time. And at the same time, we decided to rebanner a couple of hundred Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree, and we've scrambled around to buy the product and insert that into the inventory equation, receiving it in the appropriate DCs and maybe signing things a little differently, moving things around, as well as rebannering our Deals stores, which, over time, we're not going to start that until January. But just the planning and getting things positioned for that reduced our overall productivity at a time when our buildings are at absolutely maxed peak capacity. As I mentioned a couple of times, we are building a new distribution center of 1,500,000 square feet. We always build ahead of the need, but just ahead of the need in South Carolina to serve Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern Dollar Tree stores as well as expanding our Stockton distribution center over 50% for next year. So we're opening up more capacity while we're doing a lot of things in addition to what we'd originally planned in our distribution model. The result was we had some distribution productivity lag. At the same time, our outbound transportation, which is something we've talked about before, was also a little higher than it has been in the past. So all in all, things are identifiable opportunity to improve, and we will improve on those. But that was really the main components of the drag on the gross profit number in the third quarter. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, I mean, we are -- as I said, we're putting this huge company together through -- into a shared services model. Over time, we're going to be combining both banners under one supply chain with all of our buildings supplying product for all banners with the ability to supply merchandise for all banners. At the same time, we're looking at rationalizing our buildings and also, identifying where the capacity needs are going to be for the future. All of that is going on right now. What that means, though, is over time, we will have lower supply chain costs. We're looking for more productivity out of our buildings. We're looking for reducing stem miles as we're able to service both Family Dollar stores and Dollar Tree stores out of the same building. So there's a lot of opportunity to lower costs going forward and to improve our service to our stores through the combined power of this combined supply chain. Let me add one more thing, I don't think I gave you an answer on the margin for Dollar Tree going forward. Merchandise margin for Dollar Tree going forward, I don't think -- we're always in control of that. It's more about the mix than it is the items because we don't have to have anything. I'll say again, we changed a lot of our product every year. And our buyers go to market with the same goal that is to offer the best value for $1 at a margin that fits our margin requirement. So we're still in control of our merchandise margin at Dollar Tree. We have this 1 quarter where we've got some little noise in there, frankly. But like I said, that's identifiable. That's fixable. We're going to prove that over time. But the merchandise markup at Dollar Tree is still absolutely in our control, and I don't see any pressures to change that. Frankly, our sourcing opportunities are improved with both the size of our pencil now, as well as the economic conditions around the world, especially in China, it's really a buyers market out there now. 
Bob Sasser: We're looking at that right now, Dan. As always, we announced our store growth at the January after -- of the March call after our fourth quarter, and we're going to do that again. There's plenty of room to grow. I will tell you that on the Dollar Tree side, I've always said for years anyway, I've said 7,000 stores in the U.S., Dollar Tree stores, another 1,000 in Canada, makes it 8,000. The Family Dollar, talking to them, they've said for some time, 12,000 Family Dollar Stores in the U.S. So there's a potential of 20,000 stores there. We've got a little over 8,000 now. So there's 13,000 now. So there's plenty of room to grow. We're putting together our plans for 2016. I would tell you that we are directionally pulling back on the number of stores, Family Dollar stores for next year. We're not ready to announce that number yet because we're still working on budgets and all the things, the CapEx and all that goes with that. And we would plan to continue to grow our Dollar Tree banner next year. But again, I'm not going to give you the numbers until the March call. So that's directionally how we're thinking about it, and we'll share more with you when we've got more firm numbers on that. 
Bob Sasser: We have looked at the cannibalization. There is some degree of cannibalization this year from the 200 stores that we're rebannering. There will be some cannibalization next year from the additional rebanner stores as well as the rebannering of the Deals stores to Dollar Tree and some of them to Family Dollar. So there will be -- continue to be some cannibalization. There always is when we look at these stores to rebanner as well as when we look at new stores, though, we look at the sales projections for the particular store. We also look at the -- any cannibalization that's going to occur in the market. So we look at surrounding stores, and we define what we think the cannibalization is going to be. We then look at the market returns when we're opening up the new stores. And we're going to continue to do that. We've done it with the rebanner stores from Family Dollar. We're doing it with the Deals stores going to Dollar Tree, and we'll do it with our new stores. So cannibalization is just part of it after you open up the first store, the second store. There's some cannibalization in the market. But I will tell you we've done our homework on it. We're pleased with the results that we're getting also from the ones that we've already rebannered. The Deals stores that we're going to rebanner, we've built that model of real estate model per Dollar Tree. So that's one of the reasons that most of those are turning into Dollar Tree stores because they all serve our interest better and with higher returns as Dollar Tree's -- few are going to Family Dollar. So cannibalization is part of it. We'll talk about it. We'll point it out, but it's really the growth in the market and growth in the business for the company that's most important. 
Bob Sasser: Well, we'll include it in our guidance. And I think that's the best way we can share it with you, is that as we give guidance, we've included all the things that we know, including cannibalization and including anything that would come in there. 
Bob Sasser: Well, Paul, I want to say a couple of words, and I'll pass it to Gary because he's living and breathing this every day. But obviously, we intend to be competitively priced on our national brand products, where we intend to offer a selection of private label, name-brand equivalent products that is a value to the customers, lower retails than the national brand, but equivalent quality. We think there's a big opportunity for our customers. I think they'll appreciate the value of being able to buy a name-brand equivalent product that costs 30% less, for example, or 20% less or less than the name-brand. So the combination of name-brand's competitive price, name-brand equivalent products and a nice discount to the name-brand price as well as some special opportunities in all the things that we can do with our size to take advantage of opportunities that exist throughout the year. Gary, would you like to add anything on... 
Bob Sasser: Paul, I think the customer, especially our customer, our middle-income -- low -- middle-income to lower-income customers are still under pressure and they're concerned. They've seen lower gasoline prices, and that's helpful. But at the same time, it's not enough to -- that lower-income customer. It's not just enough to make a change your shopping habits. At the same time, they've seen lower gasoline prices. They've seen higher food prices. They've seen higher rent prices. They've seen higher health care costs. They've seen higher taxes. So there's still a concern. They're still under pressure. The concept at Dollar Tree and at Family Dollar of serving those people is serving us well. At Dollar Tree, we've said that we are right for all times. We have great products that people need every day, consumer products, things you got to buy to live, things that you have to have every day, and the price is only $1, alongside things that may be discretionary that you'd like to have, but everything is $1. So through good times and difficult times, we've tended to do very well, and usually better than the market at Dollar Tree. At Family Dollar, with that low-income customer, the more we focus on what that lower-income customer needs, offering the great value, improving our in-stock, giving a better shopping experience, exceeding their expectations when they go into our stores, the better served we're going to be specially during difficult times because the -- that lower-income customer really needs us at Family Dollar and at Dollar Tree in order to make ends meet throughout the month. So that's your question. I mean, I think they are grateful that gasoline prices are lower, but not much else is in their world. And they've got to come a long way really to get their head back above water for many of them. In closing, I just like to make one comment sort of in regard to that last question, and I'll close with this. But as a combined organization, both banners, our focus is on growing our earnings power for years to come. There's a lot of things that we're doing right now that are in regard to getting us positioned and for the future. Our decisions are always with our eyes on the horizon, but managing in real time. So what you're going to see from us is our decisions are going to be made for the longer term. And I'm not telling you it's going to take forever to make -- to bring value. I'm just saying our decisions are based on building this large entity, combining 2 great banners for the long term. But we are dedicated to managing the business in real time. And that means every month, every day, every quarter, it means every expense line on the P&L, it means looking at our customer in the eye and trying to deliver the product that they need from us and identifying the position that we hold in the market using our size and our leverage to offer the greatest values for that customer. So we're going to do both. And I think I'd like to tell you that my expectation is we're going to continue to improve quarter-over-quarter. This is the first full quarter that we've had the combined companies. I think we had 1 month in the last earnings release. But it's first full quarter that we've had, and we've shown improvement. And some slight improvement, mind you, but improvement. And I think I would tell you that I expect that to continue quarter-over-quarter. We'll show improvement. We're going to share with you all the information that we know that is pertinent to where we're going with this thing. We're not going to surprise anybody with it, but we're not going to give you information until we can absolutely get our arms around it and share with you how that looks going forward. So thank you for your time.  And before I turn it back to Randy, I just want to say thank you for your support, and hope everybody has a great Thanksgiving. 
Kevin Wampler: I think, Dan, as we think about it, obviously, because of the -- what you got to take into consideration is the Deals information we gave today, which is the $12.5 million estimated cost. So that's -- a big piece of that is markdowns, which is going to affect the gross margin. But excluding that, I think we would potentially see maybe a little pressure from freight and DC cost in the quarter, but expect SG&A cost to continue to leverage. Obviously, in the quarter just ended, on basically a 2% comp, we leveraged 20 basis points, which felt like a pretty good performance with everything going on. So I think, in general, I think flattish operating margins for the Tree is a reasonable thought process. I think on the Family Dollar side, I think it's -- as I think about it, it's really around how does the holiday sell-through go. And Gary talked about the holiday merchandise and the focus on that. And that will determine, I think, how that plays out at the end of the day. We're very excited about it and have high expectations, but that will be a big piece of it. I think on Family Dollar, on the SG&A side, in general, my expectation would be to show improvement from where we were in Q3. Q3, we were up 40 basis points year-over-year. I wouldn't expect that would necessarily be up 40 basis points. But if we can get somewhere to -- closer to flat, we'd be in a better position, I think. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, I think, obviously, given the color, that looking for the SG&A to be flat to maybe slightly up. We're obviously operating in real time. There's a lot of moving levers, no surprise there at the end of the day. We're being prescriptive the way we look at things on an overall basis. We've talked about the need to potentially invest in the stores. So you saw repairs and maintenance being up in Q3, not totally surprising. So some of that was normal course, some of that was catch-up. We don't really necessarily break it totally down that way when we're looking at it. So we're running the business in real time. We look to control the cost where we can. We don't just spend money that we don't have to, very prescriptive in the way we do it. I know that doesn't really answer the question, but I don't know that I truly can answer your question in the sense of how much of it is onetime versus ongoing. So I mean, that's really what we try to do in the quarter in a sense of stripping out all the unusual things and getting back to a more baseline analysis of showing it up 40 basis points with the, basically, the main component being repairs and maintenance. So again, it's a work in process as we continue to go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Interest rate for the fourth quarter, as in our guidance, is projected at $98.4 million. So if you look at the table, I believe it's the last table in the schedules to the press release. It details out the expected interest expense. So that number is what we would expect without any rate increases on an overall standpoint. As far as operating income, we have said, generally speaking, our belief is that we can, over time, get Family Dollar back to historical operating margins, which I think were, if you look at the last 10-year period, they were basically 7% to 8% for a vast majority of that time frame. There's no belief that we can't do that. I think that's really the way we're focused on it as opposed to a specific number of $500 million or whatever. It's really more about continual improvement. It's the way we think about the Dollar Tree business. We think about the Family Dollar business the same way, continual improvement, how do we continue to make the merchandise more relevant, how do we run the stores better, how do we control our costs and how we bring it to the bottom line at the end of the day. So there's no difference there. But there's nothing structurally or competitive-wise that would preclude us from, over time, getting back to that 7% to 8% range. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, basically, what we did, Scot, is what we've done here is taken our reported income before income taxes and really adjusted for items that we had not previously given the Street. So the Street had been giving detailed information via our second quarter call as well as an 8-K that we subsequently filed in regards to really the 3 biggest items being inventory step-up, amortization, as well as the depreciation for the harmonization of the policies, as well as the favorable lease rate amortization. We'd given you all those information. So we assume that was -- that would be in our number because we've given it to you. What we've done here is basically reconcile the things that you didn't know. So the inventory step-up was actually $38.4 million as opposed to the $26.9 million we had given you. So we've adjusted it for that $11.5 million difference. We took an additional $13 million of markdowns for our red tag clearance sales. We've adjusted for that. And then acquisition fees and integration and investor-related costs, which the Street could not have predicted or we did not give any numbers around. So that's the way we thought about it is really trying to reconcile our numbers based upon information that has not been previously given. 
