Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Again, I'm extremely pleased with another terrific first quarter performance at Dollar Tree, and I'm equally enthusiastic about what lies ahead of us at Family Dollar. The teams have worked incredibly hard at rebuilding the foundation for a very successful and profitable business. I believe that we are well positioned in the most attractive sector of retail to deliver continued growth and increased value for our long-term shareholders.  Dollar Tree is now a diversified combination of a 6,000-store chain and an 8,000-store chain, each with its unique ability to effectively serve more customers through all types of markets. With the combination of these 2 great brands, we have great flexibility in how we choose to grow while expanding our opportunity to grow. We will continue to focus on providing greater values to our customers while delivering superior returns to our long-term shareholders.  The Dollar Tree business model continues to grow and improve. It's powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording record levels of sales and earnings. While our price point has remained the same, $1, for the past 30 years now, our operating margin continues to grow and lead the discount sector.  As always, we will continue to employ a thoughtful, disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the combined enterprise through improved communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. Most importantly, we will maintain a laser focus on the customer, maintaining relevance to their needs and, above all, delivering value, convenience and a full, fun and friendly shopping experience.  Our fundamentals have been tested by time and validated by results. We are confident that continuing to place our emphasis in these areas can materially enhance the operating performance of Family Dollar, with improvements in sales, margin, expense control and greater customer satisfaction.  Through good times and difficult times in all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value and convenience no matter the state of the economy. At Dollar Tree and Family Dollar, we have both. It all starts with our associates. Our merchandise teams and our field management and leadership teams are talented, experienced, energized and incredibly motivated. It's a great time to be Dollar Tree.  Operator, we are now ready for questions. 
Bob Sasser: Well, absolutely, Alan. We are confident with the $300 million that we have guided to. We feel very -- we feel like we're squarely in the zone where we need to be at this time. As you remember, there was $300 million run rates spread synergies by the end of the third full year with an investment of $300 million to achieve those. So I can tell you that we are right on target to achieve the $300 million. 
Bob Sasser: Alan, it's another good question. The Missouri DC will -- we will be using Catalyst, which is the WMS that we use in our Family Dollar DCs. It's also the one that we modified in St. George, Utah in order to ship both banners. So we're taking the modified version of the St. George WMS, and we're going to open the new Missouri DC with that WMS. That will be our go-to WMS as we open and continue to expand or convert distribution centers as we go forward. 
Bob Sasser: Alvin, I think competition's always part of our life. I watch intensely as does our field operators and our merchants and what other -- what the competitors are doing, from a couple of points of view, what are they doing with merchandise mix and businesses that they're driving as well as price, the pricing statements that they're making. So we continue to shop. We see a lot of -- there's a lot of new competition out there or coming in, especially in the grocery business. We're not a grocery store, but we still sell some food, and we sell beverage and snacks and those types of products. So we're watching that intensely. But at the same time, we remain focused on our customer, what our customers' needs are, how do we put together that value equation for our customer. As Gary was speaking at Family Dollar, the -- all the different ways to save with our ad prices and our everyday prices and our price drops, which are surprising price value to our customers. So we're going to stay focused on that. We're going to watch what the competition does. We're going to shop the price on key items, name-brand items as we always have diligently. It's different by market. We pay attention across the country. And we're going to evolve our business based on what our customers need. This new renovation program is just rolling out in second quarter, and we're really excited about it because it does take a lot of the -- it takes all of the components that we've been talking about and testing in different stores and puts them together. So our new stores are starting to roll out with the new adjacencies, with the new mix of product, with the new store designs as well as going back and renovating. Right now, we're seeing 250 stores. Obviously, based on performance, we'll -- we've got our foot on the accelerator if it exceeds expectation, and we certainly would jump all over it. And then the other thing is with that, we roll out the renovations, the things that we find that are really compelling to the customer in those new stores, we still have the ability to roll pieces and parts out to the existing fleet where we know it's going to be a home run. So competition is retail; retail is competition. I have great respect for all of them. We're going to keep watching them. And we're especially going to stay focused on the customer and how they respond to what we offer in our stores. 
Bob Sasser: Yes. I wish I could tell you exactly, but it's early. So yes, we feel good about our guidance. We have it -- all that we know embedded into our guidance for the second quarter. We have a lot to -- still, we're just early on in the quarter, Mother's Day was good. This weekend is the Memorial Day holiday, and we're expecting big things from that. And of course, graduation, especially in our Dollar Tree business, is a big idea, then heading into Father's Day and beyond. At Family Dollar, it's all those things plus a bigger seasonal summer offering because at Family Dollar, we sell fans. So when it gets hot, we're going to sell lots more fans and beach supplies and coolers and charcoal grills and all the things for cooking out. This should be a big weekend for that as well as the apparel business at Family Dollar. As our weather warms, as we get bright, blue, sunny skies, we're seeing the apparel business take off. So there's a lot of bright spots. And just to step back a minute, I will tell you that the big issue once more in first quarter on sales at Family Dollar was the delay in the tax refund checks. You could -- they were late, and the business was -- in February was stubborn and difficult. But when the check's hit, you could see it day by day, and you could see improvement in the sales. And then we came into March, where we lost Easter, at pretty good marks, and it met our expectations. We had a good Easter, but we could not make up what we lost in February. And that's the story that you see. Our discretionary business is what suffered. Our consumer, the things that they needed, even with a bad -- with getting the checks late, they bought what they needed, so our consumable business was slightly up over the quarter, but our discretionary business is where all of the comp decrease was. So that really is the story of what happened at Family Dollar. It wasn't structural. It wasn't anything to do with our new assortments. It was more to do with just the way things fell on those tax checks, especially for that low-income customer, which we have a lot of at Family Dollar. These tax checks, to those lowest-income customers, they wait for them, they count on them, and that's when they buy things like clothing, and that's when they buy the things that they'd like to have but just can't afford to have other times of the year. 
Bob Sasser: Well, to answer that, first of all, the border-adjustable tax is still out there, still being debated in Congress. I was watching last night, night before last, the reruns on C-SPAN of the House Ways and Means Committee and as they were talking to some retailers about the border-adjustable tax and trying to get more facts and frame their position on that. It's still up in the air. It's not -- until we know what it is, we really don't know how to organize around it. I think we're doing exactly what we should be doing, is paying attention to it and trying to understand it as well as where it's going, talking to our congressmen, talking to our senators, working through RILA and the other groups that are out there supporting retail and putting our position forward. So that's what we're doing, and we're -- we've actively been doing that, and we'll see how it goes. I don't want to sit here and prognosticate one way or another what Congress will do. But I think at the end of the day, hopefully, they'll get it right, and we'll have a good result to this. The -- so there are no initiatives going on right now, what if this and what if that. There's too many what-ifs and too many open questions to make anything meaningful right now. So we're doing exactly what we need to be doing right now, Patrick. On the health of the consumer, we serve the lowest consumer up through middle-income consumers. So we serve a broad swath of consumers out there, and I believe what I've said in the past that the -- was that the consumer was under pressure and concerned. I still think that's the case. And I think some of the -- whether it's the economic questions that are out there with health care and health care reform and tax reform and all of the issues that we're working with in Congress, I think all of those had uncertainty. As long as there's uncertainty, then the American consumer is -- they're focused on paying the light bill, they're focused on paying the rent, the house payment, car payment, all the things. Employment, will I have a job? Do I have a job? Until they get confident in their position that they do have a job and that they can pay the bills, there's going to be -- continue to be uncertainty. At Dollar Tree and at Family Dollar, we work hard every day to be one of the answers to their issues. As they strive to balance their budgets, as they try to take their paycheck and spread it across the month or the week or whatever the pay cycle is, we want to be part of the solution to their issues. We want to help them balance their budget by having the things they want at great prices, great value, surprising value. And at Dollar Tree, you can splurge because everything is still $1. Yes, you can afford it at Dollar Tree. You can go in and you can have a great party, birthday party for the kids and for the family, buy your seasonal product and still pay only $1. 
Gary Philbin: Michael, this is Gary. I think the tale of Q1 really speaks to a bit of what happened in the marketplace, especially on the tax refund. So just to give a little color, obviously, everyone knows the tax refunds were delayed. In particular, the earned income tax credit was delayed to the week of the 27th. In fact, you could see by day when it actually hit. And so when you take a look at the quarter, period 1, the month of February, not only was impacted by the -- really the discretionary piece of the business that our customers sort of wait on to get that tax refund to spend what really becomes a capital investment for them, and that was delayed until really the last week. And while we saw that pop, compared to a year ago, that was probably a 2-week shift and go back 2 years, and really, it was the entire month of February. As we went through March, with the -- even with the shift in Easter, we were on track with where we thought sales would be for March. And I think Easter at Family Dollar was in the target zone, too. So as we got back to a regular cadence, we could see our customer respond. So clearly, we're never happy when we see a negative comp, but what we could measure, quantify and see both across just top line sales and as you go down to the lines of business was this delay in the earned income tax credit that our customer experienced in the month of February. I don't think it's anything structurally different with the business. We continue to invest, I think, in the right things in our business, invest in cleaner stores, get exciting merchandise on end caps and on the front end of the stores, give our folks a reason to drive comp store sales. Those are the things that we're going to build over the long run that's going to drive the business. So we are very focused as we go into May and the second quarter. Business is back to focused on what's going to happen in the summer season. And for Family Dollar, that means grow out. For Dollar Tree, that means we're in the midst of just passing Mother's Day. Graduations are in full bloom. Memorial Day's ahead of us. We have the right product in the store to drive Q2 business, and we're focused on doing that across both banners. 
Gary Philbin: Thank you. Well, the first part, I think Easter -- listen, a later Easter helps Dollar Tree tremendously and Family Dollar. Not only is it the Easter holiday. It really becomes the kickoff to spring. So while we haven't quantified it for the enterprise, both banners had a better Easter than a year ago because of just warmer spring weather. And at Family Dollar, that also means some of our other categories outside of pure Easter, apparel, health and beauty, responded the right way. Secondly, on SNAP benefits, it -- I've told you before, at Family Dollar, I view it as sort of the canary in the mineshaft. Listen, it's a small piece of our business. To me, it gives us a great every first of the month, how we're doing. And while we know the benefits have left the market at the Family Dollar banner, we've seen it hold consistently to last year. At Dollar Tree, penetration's down a little bit, but I think that speaks to a little more of Dollar Tree was doing first of month and getting ready for it. And at Family Dollar, that's really been our focus now. So I think it shows up in our SNAP benefits, and it gives us confidence that we're getting ready on first of month in a better way across our stores. They have -- it's spread out by state differently, but those first 10 days are still so important for our Family Dollar customer, getting ready, being in stock and having our folks ready to give great service. 
Gary Philbin: Let me start off, Stephen. Q1 was -- besides the sales and the items that impacted us a year ago, we were coming out of our cleanup of inventory. We got the benefit of both the fact that we started off with great shrink at the beginning of 2016. We've just cleaned up a lot of the dribs and drabs that had accumulated in-store. We also came out of the wintertime with -- basically cleaned up in a nice way on apparel, too. So what you saw on some of the margin piece is just maybe back to a normal cadence, it can always do better, but a normal cadence of where we are on shrink and our markdowns in Q1. But again, the one thing that was really different in period 1, because of the tax refunds being late, was the mix shift and the impact on what our customer buys. Our consumables were slightly positive for the quarter. They bought what they needed to get by. The difference of what they wanted to buy across the discretionary departments was really what we felt in period 1 that we could measure that impacted margin in a big way for the quarter. So that was the story for Q1. And I'll let Kevin take a comment on the forecast, but, obviously, we've put everything that we know at this point into our forecast for the balance of the year. 
Gary Philbin: Vinny, this is Gary. Let me comment on the pricing. I think, okay, we're in retail, we're going to pay attention on just about a weekly basis. And so clearly, while we're pleased with what the format does because I think it makes some logical adjacencies for our customers to shop at Family Dollar in a more productive and easier way for the customer that shows value, but when it comes to pricing, we still are going to highlight the Smart Ways to Save, which our customer responds to across all the elements I've been talking about. We've got to show great everyday prices on the shelf. We're going to have Price Drop sale items that resonate with them on the things they buy most often. Compare and Save, we're excited about this private-brand redo and makeover because we have a pretty good private brand program, but the values that we can show our customer, and now we're freshening up the labels, we think will go a long way. But the pricing piece will continue to be something we watch now and going through -- it's just the nature of the beast as we make sure that we have the right retails on shelf and gives us flexibility with the Smart Ways to Save, with either through electronic with Smart Coupons or on the shelf. Synergies, I would tell you, the merchants work together on a couple of different elements. One, we basically think about it in 2 ways. One, it's our domestic suppliers, so what we have, maybe about a 10% overlap of -- between SKUs, it's bigger than that when we consider some of the similar items we buy. So aluminum foil might be the poster child, with [ 5 25 ] square feet at Dollar Tree, bigger size for Family Dollar. But I would tell you, on the import side, is also an opportunity that we only cycle through those buying trips 4 times a year. So we get sort of 4 chances to get our integration going and have the merchants talk about what's going to be bought for the following year. So keep in mind, as you're taking a look at some of the import side, the lead time is longer, which starts to show up in the synergy, takes that amount of time for us to review our assortments, buy it, ship it, take it through the holidays, and we revamp and redo for the following season. We'll have more of it. There's certainly more opportunities for us to continue above and beyond what we had targeted to drive synergies. And I would say, as much as anything, reviewing assortments and driving excitement inside the assortment. 
Gary Philbin: We haven't really spoken to that. I would just tell you, maybe what excites us from a customer perspective is the way they shop the store across the categories that we've invested in. I have mentioned immediate consumption, our front end that's more productive, the fact that you can -- party and toys and gift cards are now in similar adjacencies, that a mom who comes into the store can buy newborn infant, toddler apparel next to the diapers. So just some maybe retail 101 items that I think just drive better business and make it easier for our customer to shop. 
Gary Philbin: I think it's a -- Joe, I think a couple of combinations. I think you've heard us talk about the foundational things that we're putting in. We've said we're in this for the long run. And we're going to -- we've done the things that we think get us on the right path for running better stores, better assortments, better value on shelf. I think what we're describing with the renovation program now, is something that's maybe a little bit more visible for our customer to see, which also is going to be one of the engines that helps us drive an overall margin growth. So as we do our 250 renovations this year, as the new stores come out with the new format, now our customer is going to see something in a physical way in a store that's cleaner, fuller, fresher. And that's really another piece to the puzzle here that we've been focused on to say, "Let's change the complexion of the fleet of stores." And that's what you're going to see in the back half of this year. And I'm anxious to get those out of the ground because I think those are the elements that combine with all the things we've been talking about: table stakes, merchandising energy in-store, assortment. But we also have to touch the physical plant, too, of these facilities to make sure our customer sees a nice, new, fresh store when they're going to make a decision of where they're going to shop. So it's hand-in-hand. We got to do both. You've heard us talking about really the first portion up to this point, and the renovation and new store program is really the next piece of this. 
Gary Philbin: I would say, in most cases, we're just flowing it behind as a -- whether it's the candy or whether it's the trash bags, most of these are consumables. It turns pretty quickly. And while we may have some, it's all baked into our forecast. Most of these are going to flow-throughs with the existing SKU on the shelf being replaced by a new package. 
