Gary Philbin: Thank you, Kevin. We are very proud of the results that our teams delivered across our nearly 15,000 stores. Our merchants have teed up an exciting holiday experience at Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. Our supply chain teams have worked hard to deliver holiday goods with 2 major hurricanes affecting our normal business routines. And our store operators are now prepared for the biggest, most exciting 6 weeks in our retail year.  The retail environment, ever-changing, provides both banners opportunities to take advantage of our customers' wants and needs, and our management team has demonstrated over the years their ability to be nimble and deliver results when challenged by the external environment.  At each of our business segments, we're focused to deliver on our customers' needs. Our initiatives at both banners have helped to deliver on sales, margins, expense control and, ultimately, customer satisfaction. We're proud of what we have achieved and look forward to the energy around the remaining major holidays ahead of us.  Before we turn the call over to Q&A, I'd like to share a few comments on the recent storms. As you all know, late August, early September, the states of Texas, Louisiana, Florida were hit by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Many of our store associates and customers were personally affected by these storms. Our efforts have been to help our Dollar Tree and Family Dollar associates and help the impacted communities through our partnership with the Red Cross.  I want to give a special shout out and thanks to the thousands of associates at both Dollar Tree and our Family Dollar banners, who worked tirelessly to have their stores open and serve their customers in preparation for and recovery from these devastating weather events. Across both banners, we saw great teamwork, passion, dedication throughout our organization. My personal thanks for all the efforts made in the stores, distribution centers and support centers and our many vendor partners that enabled us to get the impacted stores up and running in the hours and days after the storms' impact.  Operator, we're now ready for questions. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I'd say it's a lot of the elements that we've been talking about, Matt, from the beginning. Of course, some of it's the initial steps on synergy between the banners, both on direct and similar items. The Smart Ways to Save program that we've implemented from the beginning has given us the ability to drive business across each of those metrics. So with our Dollar well, which gives us some ability to drive higher-margin items, and we know how to do that from another banner. We've -- the Compare and Save on the private brands has really been, I would say, just at the beginning stages of that. Now you're starting to see some of those brands out there in each of the categories. I mentioned some of them. But I would say at this point, the primary impact has been across consumables, both in food and some of our household products. And where we're introducing those and getting critical mass, we're seeing additional penetration growth on the consumables side of the label change. I think it just gives our customers greater confidence in the packaging. The marketing of the brands itself is more geared towards the -- each of the categories that we operate in, whether it's center-of-the-store food, or beverage or household products. And it gives our customers, I think, the confidence to buy what are great values on the shelf compared to national brand. And this isn't either/or. We want to do both. And so our opportunity to enhance the packaging has been a big piece of that. I would tell you there's also been just the nuts and bolts of us getting our pricing in line. We're more competitive than 2 years ago. Our customers have greater confidence on the retails on shelf. It still means that we have promotion on the items they buy most often. And I would say our Smart Ways to Save element of our Family Dollar business also now has been well received, and we -- during the quarter, we did start a new app, Family Dollar, that gives our customers easy access to some of the great savings. And while we're at the beginning stages of getting a customer base there, what it allowed us to do is really touch the customers who buy week in and week out most often and provide them savings on the items they buy most often. And so it's the combination of all those things that have been driving margin. And the continued emphasis on private label, driving discretionary, driving more imports, all those things that we've talked about from day one are all the pieces that continue to drive progress at the Family Dollar level, both on sales and margin. 
Gary Philbin: I think I would answer it 2 ways, Matt. I think on one side, it's just us executing better. And that speaks to 1st of the month and getting our stores ready and in-store execution on all the store table stakes. So at a very high level, let's go get our fair share. And I think I've mentioned before, we have seen the increase of EBT benefits at Family Dollar, even though across the country, they're down. Small portion of our tender type but still, I think it speaks to just having the confidence when our customers come in at the most important time of the month, and that's at the beginning. I would say I think this is a customer that still is under pressure. Rents continue to rise. Health care continues to rise. We have to be right on when they have money in their pocket. We call it thrive and survive. So certainly, at the beginning of the month for our most needy customers, we need to be ready in-store with the basics, and at the end of the month, give them the right choices on the items that continue to give them a reason to come shop us at the end of the month when they're trying to stretch their budget. So we got to stay focused on that customer who might have a little more jingle in their pocket. But we have to got to be grounded on everyday great retails, and they got to have confidence that we're in-stock with them in-store. So it's a combination of doing both those things. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I'm honored to be considered a specialty retailer, but I think it's 2 pieces, I think, are driving the results for us, Dan. Upside on operating margin, we're very proud of the results. I would say it's driven right now because of just the ability for us to get smarter across each of our store clusters. Our merchants have done a terrific job on the values. And I'm not speaking to anything that's new to this business, but our ability for our merchant teams to create value has always been the focus. It has to be worth more than a dollar. And when we really hit it right, we share that across all of our stores and all customer types that come into the stores. And I think we're most proud of our ability to do that day in, day out. But when you get to the holidays, that's really our time to shine. And so there's always upside. We're never completely satisfied how we go through all the seasons. We see the ability to do a little bit more as we do the postmortems on each of the holidays. And I think our opportunity to just continue to do a little bit better as we drive our initiatives around -- some are around sales. Some are around margin. Some, of course, are always around SG&A. I think those are the building blocks for us to say, how do we continue to drive incremental margin? And give me a repeat on the first question, Dan? Oh, the rebanners. Got it. 
Gary Philbin: Yes, thank you for that because I think in the background of our comp store sales, we've had 300 Family Dollars rebannered to Dollar Tree. We've had over 200 Deals get rebannered really from '15 and '16 on both those. Along the way, we've had 200 more Dollar Tree relos. And initially, the impact is one of cannibalization, and we're pleased with the comps we're getting now. And it's a combination of a couple of things. Just getting store managers in the seats that go through our holiday seasons because it is different, and you have to know how it's going to flow from season to season. And so our folks are more grounded there. It also allowed our real estate teams to figure out on our pipeline where should the next store go because suddenly, we were putting some stores in some geography that we already had plans for. So we're pleased with what that's doing for us, both on the Family Dollar side and Deals side. It speaks to both customers. Also, by the way, we had 11 Dollar or Deals stores convert to Family Dollar, which, while not as big, also are producing nice comp for us on the Family Dollar side. So they're certainly both an engine for us right now as we go through comps in 2017. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we try to do both with everything we know going to the quarter, and it's a combination of really understanding where we are in the marketplace and the competitive sets. We obviously, like everyone else, understand what's going on with pricing out in each of the markets that we operate in. We do have our own pricing strategy and competitive set on our promotional activity. We can always do more, Alan. And I would say, even with the 1.5% that we produced, we certainly saw opportunities during the quarter that we could do better. Everything we know right now, we baked into the forecast. So the magic here is continuing to drive improvement across all those. It's not just comp store sales, it's not just gross margin improvement, it's not just SG&A. We talk about each of them, and we get down to the detail. So when there's an opportunity for us to drive business, we try to take advantage of it. We try to also back that up with how do we deliver margin and SG&A. What I'm pleased with, with the Family Dollar team, we've really had great growth on just the opportunity to really focus on what a Family Dollar customer and what they buy most often. Shows up in the ads, of course, but it's also showing up on our everyday retails on the shelf. And it also shows up with our Family Dollar app. So if it's a mom who buys diapers, we can deliver something above and beyond to them. And that speaks to us getting to know that Family Dollar customer better. We have more stores in urban America than anyone else. I think it speaks to us knowing our customer better than anyone else in the arenas that we compete in. And executing on the store level is the other side of that. And so it's all those things that go into driving that comp, combined with how do we deliver on bottom and -- bottom line, Alan. 
Gary Philbin: Well, the FLSA, of course, started off and then stopped last year in December. So about this time last year, we were talking about it, and then it was pushed off the front burner. And SNAP benefits, I think across the country, there's less households participating in it. But as I said before, I think our opportunity at Family Dollar is getting our fair share of that. And I'm pleased that we've been able to increase our penetration on the quarter year-over-year, and that just speaks to our ability to do more around 1st of month and getting ready for it. And what was the third point? You're... 
Gary Philbin: Oh, they -- we're cycling some of the commodities, I would say, in our world. You see some of it in dairy. Probably eggs is the biggest one right now where we've had a boom-bust cycle now on eggs going back and forth. But we're not a grocery store. We're not in the same arena as that. And so it doesn't impact us as much as the folks in that sector. And again for us, going to this fourth quarter, our opportunity is now for both banners is around the discretionary side where we break out some great values both on the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar side to drive our business for Q4. So teams have done a nice job getting focused on that and delivering it into the stores. And we've got the 5 to 6 biggest weeks ahead of us now to deliver on that. 
Gary Philbin: And Chris, I would just add my color to it. I think both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar, we're a company that's going to grow hundreds of stores each year. When other retailers are potentially pulling back, I think it's still a great opportunity for us to deliver value and convenience in this value sector, which I think is the place to be for both our -- both of our brands. And the initiatives that we have around driving productivity by store, by category will remain foundational elements of us. And we will be something different long term then we are now with additional categories that come into the store and create excitement. We've always done that over the years from what were small boxes in the malls to something that delivers on both basics wants and needs for our customers at Dollar Tree. And we're at the beginning stages of that of Family Dollar with renovations, improving productivity, changing the shopping experience. So those are just some of the elements that I think will continue to drive upward momentum on ours sales as we look into the future. 
Gary Philbin: Michael, it's Gary. We're pleased with that. We have not called it out as the circle continues to grow on a number of stores, we're going to affect up to 350 this year. I think the primary elements of the relo you heard me -- or renovation that you heard me talk about really speak to what the customer sees. And part of that is just adjacencies of product. It's introducing more Dollar well. It's adding some more items that they need, especially in frozen food assortment. It's some of the surprise and delight of the power alley and well. It's more Dollar items throughout the store. And it's really giving our customers, I think, just a fantastic shopping experience and one that invites them to spend more in the store just because some of the items. And one of the basics we have, diapers, next to our kids, newborn, infant, toddler wear and the synergy of having a mom shop both of those is obvious. So those are some of the things that the store ought to deliver for us. As we continue to do more renovations, we're looking at some of the oldest stores in the fleet, what we would call traditional stores, and an opportunity to bring them up to a brand standard. And the expectation is that we can drive a payback on this that meets all of our internal requirements on it. So we like where we're at. We're going to plan to do the remaining of the stores in January to get us up to 350 for this year. And we're going to certainly be doing hundreds of them next year to continue to drive the progress forward. So more to come on it. We like what we see, and it's a great opportunity for our customers to see really a new Family Dollar inside the 4 walls and invite them in to see a new shopping experience. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we'd like that. Now not every store has exactly the same number of coolers and freezers. So some get more than others. Some have the right configuration. But you're exactly right, especially in frozen food. Our customer can store that in a 2 by 3 section at home of their refrigerator and freezer. It does invite more trips. It also, I think, gives them some of the basics that they need every day. So it does, we think, drive traffic. We certainly saw it on the Dollar Tree side as we expanded frozen food years ago and continue to. And I think it speaks to a category that our customer needs. 
Gary Philbin: And I would just add the -- against that backdrop is really just merchandise energy. Because when it comes right down to it, we've got to get the right product to the right stores. But it also has to speak to the values that our customers will see in-store. I really think what the merchant teams have done on both banners to drive the surprise and delight that you need, sprinkled onto both banners this time of the year, is in place. And the store teams have worked hard. But to Kevin's point, we're ahead of even Thanksgiving this week. So the most exciting 6 weeks in retail, our in-stores call Dollar Tree and Family Dollar, I think. We're geared up and ready for it, and now we have to go execute. 
Gary Philbin: Edward. Gary. Thank you for the question. Well, listen, I'm pleased with the results. To say we can always do better is what we are all about. So it's just part of our nature. Yes, we think we can do better. I would just call out, though, in Q3, we're living some of the echo from the boom of our clearance event back in Q3 of 2015 where we really cleared out the old merchandise at Family Dollar, drove lots of footsteps and sales in the quarter. And so it was maybe a bit of an aberration because of the spending we did to clean up the stores of old merchandise and resonated well with our customers. So part of our comp last year was obviously going against that. So year-over-year, if you take a look at the 2-year stack but then take a look at the 3 year, I think it might tell a better story. At least it does to us internally as we view the business. Nevertheless, what we continue to work on at Family Dollar is driving consistent comp top line. We think it's there. But we think it's there by doing the things we've been talking about. We -- the table stakes will continue to address what our customer sees, primarily around in-stocks and customer service; getting ready for 1st of the month; having the right item at the right time; all the things that we've been doing on private label that drove the value of the items. The renovations, we need those. And we have a couple of hundred a day. We'll get to 350 by year-end. But addresses the stores that are, I think, to some degree, our biggest opportunity to drive comps and most at risk. If we don't, just because they tend to be older and the adjacencies aren't right. So it's never one thing. It's all these foundational elements that we've been working on from the beginning that start to show up in comp store sales. That's what Duncan and team, merchants, operators at Family Dollar are focused on every day. And so over the long term, this will be something that we continue to work on, address and deliver top line and bottom line results on. 
Gary Philbin: And I would just add as we enter the holiday season here, really on the pricing and promotional piece. I'm pleased with where we are on our everyday values on the shelf across all the Smart Ways to Save that we offer our customer. I think our opportunity as we look forward into the holiday, we have some great promotional activity planned at Family Dollar, at Dollar Tree. Hey, it's everything's  $1, but the values are better than ever. Come and get it. But at Family Dollar, I think we're going to have a great holiday season based on what we see in the marketplace today. The values that we have out there, the assortment and offering we have out there I think is going to resonate with our customers. And I think we're geared up at Family Dollar to have a great fourth quarter. Dollar Tree, our seasonal, our store teams, our merchants have teed up everything to get us to this point in the season. It really sort of kicks off this week with Thanksgiving and then on to Christmas. But we really feel good about where we were with inventory assortment and getting our stores prepped. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I don't know if it's changed. I think the elements that drive it are the things that we work on just from the standpoint of most everything we've talked about. But I would say on the import side, which is always one of the levers that has driven success at Dollar Tree and is an integral part of what we're doing at Family Dollar, you've got to remember we bought Christmas [ Brighton ]  basically almost a year ago, right after the Christmas holiday. And so you take all your learnings, you go over, you find the next-best values, you make your strategic reviews and you go buy it. We'll learn something again this year. But that's an iterative process on each holiday and each buying trip we go over. That's the one that probably takes you a little bit longer to go through the seasons and have merchants in the seats to understand what's working the way they thought, where is the bigger opportunity, what needs to get fixed as you look forward. The rest of it, we continue to do the blocking and tackling. Let's find an opportunity to sell our customers private brand and to drive great selling endcaps in our stores that have new and exciting product on there. So I think we've -- we like where we're at. We see the opportunity ahead us and focused on building a plan for '18 that reflects all that as well. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Dan, I mean, from day 1, the day we announced this acquisition, we stated the fact that our goal was to get back to investment grade. And as always, we think about it from a flexibility standpoint. And being investment grade gives us more flexibility in the financing world at the end of the day. Obviously, we're on that track. We, obviously, will work with the rating agencies. We provide updates to them. Obviously, it's their decision as to whether we -- whether they decide to upgrade us or not, but I think we're doing our part of the equation, so to speak. So we'll continue forward with that. But I mean, obviously, the flexibility in the marketplace and the potential to see lower interest rates as investment grade as opposed to [ spike up to it ]. So those are the things we look at. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Chris. As we look, obviously we're well into our budget planning for 2018. Obviously, we'll give full view of the guidance and CapEx next quarter with the next quarter report. But I would tell you that CapEx, we're going to continue to grow. We have some barriers from a store standpoint and a infrastructure standpoint. So I would not expect CapEx to be less than it did this year. In fact, it's probably going to grow a little bit as we sit here today. And again, we'll give you more color on that as we go forward. But I think free cash flow is important. Obviously, it ties into everything we're doing as far as paying back our debt. And as we look at it longer term, once we get back to investment grade, then that gives us the ability to relook at our capital structure and consider other things that have been important thesis of the way we looked at using cash in our past. So as we go forward, I think we'll continue to generate significant free cash flow. It puts us in a very good, flexible place going forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, I don't know that we've ever had an algorithm that we've referred to in regards to it. I mean, the main thing is we put our guidance together. We're always looking to improve our business. We're always looking to grow sales, grow comp sales, grow our store base, grow our profitability, which has been one of the hallmarks of the Dollar Tree brand, continue to work to increase that operating margin. And again, each and every year provides a different set of circumstances. As we've went through the years, you face different things. Sometimes there's inflation or deflation and product costs. There can be increases and decreases in fuel. And obviously, labor is a component as we continue to go forward and look at the labor market. So all those things play into it. And so our viewpoint is -- our job as management is to come up with a plan that will continue to improve our business as we go forward. The things that are increasing, we have to determine ways that we can become more efficient. We have to improve our processes. We have to improve the way we go to market, everything we do, the way we supply our stores. So all those things are always in the back of our mind, and we build initiatives around them to move our business forward each and every year. So I don't know that there's an algorithm other than the expectation for growth. And as we go forward, that's the way we think about it. 
Kevin Wampler: Scot, I think as I look at it, we've talked about synergies. We talked about the cost to achieve synergies and the fact that we have -- we originally said approximately $300 million of costs to achieve synergies. And we've said that they've been -- over 50% of those costs have been CapEx and it that -- and a lot of that related to the rebannering of stores as well as the -- looking at systems and making changes and so forth. So most of that is behind us. There will be some continued systems work as we go forward. The other big area that we've continued to invest in is in regards to deferred maintenance, especially within The Red Banner. And as we -- I think practically every quarter since the close of the acquisition, you've probably heard me say that one of the SG&A items at the top is repairs and maintenance. We continue to look at that. We still believe we have things that we want to continue to do to improve the Family Dollar stores from a repair-and-maintenance standpoint. And again, as part of our table stakes, that goes hand-in-hand. So there will be a continued investment, but I don't -- it's always built into our guidance as we go forward for those expenses. And from a capital side, they would be within our guidance as well. But -- so I don't see it being out of the normal. It's somewhat part of the run rate as we go forward. I don't see a big blip on the go-forward map, so to speak, that says all of sudden there's going to be a surprise investment there. But there will be continued investment going forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Other things it could be, there could be some consulting dollars as -- especially as we work through some of the system-type things. Sometimes we need to bring in some consulting help in those type of initiatives. So that's probably one of the main areas. 
Kevin Wampler: Michael, obviously, when we put our guidance together, it's with everything we're know. We're obviously early in the quarter. We're 3 weeks in of a 14-week quarter. We've got the 6 biggest weeks ahead of us. Doesn't mean we believe it's going to slow. We're very encouraged with our business. The third quarter was very encouraging. We feel very good about our inventory position, where we're at, and the flow of our goods as we look at the fourth quarter. So I think those are all very, very encouraging things. But we've still got to go out and execute it at the end of the day. And so we put what we know and what we believe in and know we can hit. And we hope to hit basically in the fourth quarter and then go forward from there. And obviously, our goal is always to overachieve, and that's what we'll work to do. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. So obviously, if you look at labor, we've said from the beginning of the year that we expected there to be pressure on our store labor. And to no surprise, given the various states that have now set their own specific minimum wages as well as just the general pressure from an increase in average hourly rate, probably the -- we're seeing the largest increase probably since pre the Great Recession basically at this point in time. But -- so obviously, we expected that and built that into our model as we entered the year. And again, we're -- we look at the labor markets, and we're competitive in the individual markets we're in. We look at them in that direction and feel pretty good about where we're at overall. And -- but again, it will continue to be a pressure as we go forward, and it's built into our guidance. Obviously, diesel is roughly, I want to say, about $0.50 higher per gallon than it was a year ago at this point in time. I think for the third quarter itself, it was closer to maybe a $0.30 to $0.40 average higher. So there's a little bit of headwind there as well as from ocean freight. As we talked about, with the contract that started in May, our ocean freight rates came up a little bit. So that's been in our guidance all year as we go forward. We'll have to see how we look at that one as we go into next year. There may continue to be a little bit of pressure there. There's been some additional consolidation in the ocean freight carriers. And there's been even some consolidation, obviously, in domestic freight carriers as well. So we'll continue to look at those things. But again, we always look at them, Paul, as things that we know we see them coming. We have to react accordingly and determine how we can offset them in some way, shape or form, whether its changes in how we operate or finding other line items where we can offset those cost increases if they happen to be cost increases. So that hasn't changed. It's part of our DNA. It's the way we think about things as we go forward. But again, all those things are built into our guidance as we go forward. 
