Michael Witynski: Thanks, Kevin. As we continue to navigate through this dynamic and somewhat uncertain environment, we are excited about the continued progress at Dollar Tree and the material positive changes beginning to be made at Family Dollar. At Dollar Tree, as it relates to our multi-price offering, the team is continuing to refine the $3 and $5 assortment and testing various concepts to enhance the program and build on the very positive long-term impact from our multi-price offering. For example, test of multi-price frozen foods are driving exceptional sales productivity as the new offering is delivering tremendous value and meeting family portion needs such as frozen meals, pizza and ice cream. At Family Dollar, our Combo Store initiative continues to drive improved store performance at very attractive levels, in line with previous commentary. In fact, we are now exploring various sizes and formats in other markets beyond our rural target locations, pursued in our first iteration of the concept. Some of the initiatives to improve the business will take more time to produce an impact, notably in the supply chain and technology. That said, at Family Dollar, the work being done by Larry Gatta's merchandising and marketing teams has been remarkable and is beginning to be actioned upon more urgently. In fact, we have made a number of enhancements to our H2 strategic store format. We refer to the new version as H2.5. Among the changes made to improve store productivity, customer satisfaction and to better support our store associates through efficiencies include: adding a linear footage, developing seasonal assortments as a focal point, utilizing deeper shelving on key consumable categories to enhance store efficiencies and improve in-stocks, expanding the direct-to-store delivery offering, enhancing space dedicated to snacks and increasing the beverage offering and optimizing the frozen food assortments. At our Leadership Summit, the merchandising team shared the field leaders a wide array of consumables and discretionary merchandising initiatives to drive traffic and sales at Family Dollar. Our marketing teams are currently focused on 4 key initiatives: refreshing Family Dollar's brand positioning, evolving to a more productive ad program, relaunching our Smart Coupon program and expanding our Boys & Girls Clubs of America partnership to be a good partner in the communities that we serve. We believe that these key initiatives are beginning to have an impact, and consumers are increasingly looking to our stores to meet their needs. We believe the time is right to accelerate actions to better serve customers by providing an exceptional value proposition. We will go into more details on these initiatives and broader plans to transform Family Dollar and continue delivering great success at Dollar Tree in the quarters ahead and at our Investor Day in the spring of 2023. And I want to briefly share a few initiatives that Bobby Aflatooni's IT team are focused on to provide better support for our stores. These include: improving DC and store in-stock service levels through refinement of our demand forecasting, allocation and replenishment systems for both banners; improving customer satisfaction and driving through enhanced ability to support more complex promotional offers, such as buy a product A and get a discount on the product B; supporting field leadership and store efficiencies with improved labor systems; and enhancing our enterprise-wide data integration platforms. Before we go into Q&A, as I had previously announced, Kevin will be transitioning out of his role as Dollar Tree's CFO. Kevin has been instrumental in the company's growth and success since joining the organization in 2008. During Kevin's tenure, Dollar Tree has grown from 3,600 stores to more than 16,200 stores, from annual sales of $4.6 billion to more than $26 billion and from annual operating profits of $365 million to more than $1.8 billion. When Kevin joined Dollar Tree in December 2008, shares were trading at a split adjusted price of just $13 or $14 per share. I would like to publicly thank Kevin for his commitment, stewardship and significant contributions to Dollar Tree and its stakeholders over the last 14 years. Operator, we are now ready to take questions. 
Michael Witynski: No, I think Rick said it right. On the store side, I think the biggest thing is, is we're focusing the entire organization from a culture perspective on doing everything that we can do to make our store associates successful and enabling them to run better, cleaner, fuller stores. And we've -- I said -- I shared in my opening that we're here right now from our summit with -- every district manager in the country is here, and we are all aligned behind driving better store conditions. And that's going to entail in your question is, yes, we're going to continue to invest, and as Kevin said, into our property management and in everything we need to, to make sure our store conditions are the way -- to our standards for our customers, and we're committed to do that. And more importantly, our associates are enthusiastic, not only about the culture of supporting them and putting them at the center of everything that we do. But then they see the proof points of we're investing in pricing, we're improving our logistics. Larry is improving the merchandising, and they're seeing better assortment, more linear footage where the customers shop. And then I think Rick nailed it on the supply chain. We're doing everything we can and turning all the leaves over to drive efficiencies and improvements and really ultimately to supply our stores more efficiently with the product they need and when they need it. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks for the question. And like I said earlier, the time is right, right now. And the reason we really looked at it is because we saw new customers shifting our way. In this inflationary environment, we think it's a perfect time to really change the customer's perception and what they're seeing in our stores because we're getting new customers and new eyes in our stores and our existing customers. They're feeling pressured like they never have before. And in this inflationary environment, with the customer's wallet stretched, our consumers are relying on our stores to meet their budget goals. And we're seeing good demand trends. So this was really an ideal environment to begin to move more quickly than we previously anticipated to more fully meet the customers' value expectation, close the pricing gaps and win them as customers long term in this inflationary budget. We think the time was right. We -- initially, we talked about it in our outlook, and we were going to do this over time, starting with, of course, our KVIs, the known value items. But then just as we saw the dynamic environment, the pressure on our customers and the inflation, we decided that now is the time to win these customers for the long term and get it right. And to your question, it's now. It's -- we are -- like I said, we are in the best price position in over 10 years to the competitive market. So we're there. Now it's just managing it from here. And getting right on our promotions. And Larry is going to continue rocking the H2.5 in the assortment. So we're in a great place right now. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks for the question. And as I shared, it was pretty stable throughout the summer at Dollar Tree on our comp, 6.5% to 8.5%. And remember that -- and Dollar Tree really does well around the seasons. And in the second quarter, the biggest season is graduation. And you heard Kevin say we were really impacted by helium supply in one of our largest categories. That really has a halo effect over party. So largest category, most profitability for Dollar Tree. So that was one of the impacts. On the good news, the other big season is lawn and garden, and lawn and garden season was one of the top 5 categories. So when we had the product, our customer is responding very, very well. And then the other categories that did well is, as Kevin said and I said, the shift to consumables, and our merchants reassorted and reinvested in the consumable items to drive traffic. The other top 5 categories, again, were beverages, candy, snacks and cookies and food. So our customers are responding very, very well. And early in -- it's really early into Q3, but we see so far this month trending better than Q2 at Dollar Tree and Family Dollar both. And as you think about the margins in the back, where we're at -- as Kevin shared, our inventory is up. But remember, this time last year, we had thousands of containers at origin, meaning it wasn't even at our system. It wasn't even at the origin yet. So now all that is in our system. We're getting our seasonal on time. And it's also -- remember, our merchants at Dollar Tree bought for the back half at the $1.25. The product is amazing. All of our district managers, regional directors, all of our field associates are here with us right now. And they see the exciting items, and they're thrilled. A, we've got the product when we want it; and B, newly assorted $1.25 will blow the market away, and our customers are going to respond well. And we're very excited about it. Kevin can kind of touch on some of the margin puts and takes in the back half. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. We expect improvement in our transactions, especially as -- the pricing moves that we've made, the assortment changes that Larry Gatta and the merchants are making and bringing in some new adjacencies and our seasonal product that we have ready. Just a little pressure -- as you said, our customer is pressured like none other. And the good news is, is we're excited. We see third-party data that we do have a lot of new customers coming into both banners over last year. And the majority of them are at a household income of $80,000 or higher. So we feel good about that. We also see a huge shift from cash into credit, which tells us the customer is pressured. And then inside the store, when they get in there, we've seen in the industry where private brands have outpaced national brands for 24 weeks in a row now, 24 weeks in a row. That hasn't happened in the last 5 years, that private brands has outpaced national brands. And that's the customer trying to stretch their dollar and manage their budget. And Larry and the team are working hard on our private brands, and we're seeing the same change inside of our store. And then they're even making decisions on form and function. We see them moving from liquid to powder detergent. We're seeing them even go without softener -- liquid softener in detergents. They're just choosing not to have softener. And those are the things that our customers are -- and the decisions they're making. And we think right now, with the price investments and the changes that Larry is making and our new assortment at Dollar Tree, we're in a wonderful position to meet their needs in 16,000 stores conveniently located where they don't have to drive far. We'll meet their needs, and we're excited about it going forward. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. And Bobby is -- that's a great question. And our team is forming right now. And I think from an OpEx perspective, we're going to continue to invest in labor where we need to. And there will be payroll investments going forward. For this year, as far as we can see with the dynamic markets going on, it is embedded in our forecast. From the IT and supply chain, I think those are the 2 big ones. And what Bobby is looking at right now, the good news is, and I think Rick mentioned it, Bobby knows every one of our systems. And he knows exactly what he needs to do because he's done this before at other retailers, and he's worked with the 2 executives in supply chain and merchandising. So Bobby is working really hard. And I will owe you that number probably up in the spring when we have our Investor Day because that is going to be a longer-term outlook, and the majority of it is going to be in CapEx. And then the same thing with supply chain. We're looking at what is the best way to deliver to our stores, what's the most efficient way to use our network to deliver our Combo Stores, our Dollar Tree Plus stores and, of course, our traditional Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores. And John is working on that now and modeling it out, and we'll probably have more information on the spring as the -- as we have more knowledge from the 2 leaders. Our CFO that we just announced is going to be coming on board and will certainly have a say in it and will want to look at it. But those are the 2 big investments. But in our OpEx and in our forecast, from a repair and maintenance and store conditions perspective, we have those embedded in, and we will probably come back to you if there's any other longer-term initiatives that will impact that. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. And in theory, I think you're right. But our pricing investment is in, and then we're just going to manage that going forward on that side of it. I think we will lean in on our investments on supply chain and IT, but these are things that take time just because of the amount of systems that you are touching. And as Rick said, it's our -- as our store and retail systems, as our supply chain systems and then our merchandising systems. So that will take time, and we will stage that over our capability. And then the supply chain will be -- as we roll out and open new distribution centers, that's when we will continue to rightsize our network and make decisions going forward. So we will continue to move with speed that will give us the highest return as quick as possible. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. No, I think the biggest change is the dynamic of the marketplace and the huge shift from discretionary to consumables, not the shift about our $1.25. We did some in-depth customer research and customer intercepts about Dollar Tree at the beginning of the quarter. And we really wanted to dig into our brand and the assortment and in-store experience. And I was shocked. Not one of them brought up price. Not one of them brought up the $1.25. They were all focused on clean, new assortments, seasonal and the service of the -- what they have when they're in the stores. So I think the customers move beyond that because as we tested early on, they understand value more than ever. And in today's dynamics, they see that $1.25 is an exceptional value. That's why all these new items and consumables are all taking off. And why I'm excited about the back half -- and to your point, the second quarter did not really have any big season. Dollar Tree is all about the seasons. We change like the leaves on the trees. Well, in the summer, the leaves aren't changing because you've got lawn and garden and then you've got graduation, and graduation was impacted by helium. On the back half, Kevin said we've got 2,000 -- 2,100 actually, Dollar Tree Pluses that we didn't have. So that's going to be -- that's exciting about the back half. And then our inventory. We've got all of our seasonal inventory at $1.25. And they will rally around this seasonal merchandise, just like they did in the first quarter with Valentine's and Easter. We expect some exciting things and great response from our customers because we're in a great inventory position. The value is spectacular. And then on the basic side, we've answered that on the consumables that we didn't have last year at this time. So I'm pretty excited about the back half of Dollar Tree. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, Scott, and thanks. Early on, we shared that we're investing over $195 million, just under $200 million in our payroll, the majority of it in our store associates and some of it in our DCs. We feel really good where we're at in our distribution centers. We've got all of our roles filled compared to this time last year where we didn't have open positions. We are continuing to invest in markets in the stores and at retail stores, and we will continue to do that where we see the need. Looking out over the back half of the year, where we need to make adjustments is already in our forecast. So it's a dynamic environment. Now people are coming back to work a little bit just because of what's going on in the economy. So I think that's going to shift a little bit, but we will continue to invest where we need to. And so far, in the next 6 months, looking for the rest of the year, we have what we need to invest in the forecast. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, I was just going to say, I just got done saying the excitement on the Dollar Tree side. Our assortment and the investments we've made into the new $1.25 on the consumable side is driving traffic. And just to put that in perspective, we haven't seen that kind of improvement in consumables, which drives traffic since pre pandemic. So that's our investment, and that's how we're driving traffic, along with the unbelievable assortment coming up that they're going to see inside our store for the seasons coming up. Unlike anybody else, Dollar Tree -- the $1.25 is the best value, the best wow and the most excitement. And then on the Family Dollar side, this pricing, again, we just put ourselves in a position to be the best price to the market in over 10 years. That alone will drive traffic, not even mentioning what Larry Gatta and the merchants are doing with enhancing our H2.5 with a tighter assortment, more meaningful prices, take advantage of more linear foot, so getting more product on the shelf that the customer is looking for. And then getting seasonal upfront and center. So I'm really excited about the moves that we've made. Now as you know, it takes time for the customer -- we've got new customers coming in that are recognizing it. And then over time, we will see and get credit for being priced right, better assortment, better position on the Family Dollar side. And Larry's -- and I mentioned purposefully on marketing, we've got 4 great marketing perspectives going on with our digital marketing, with our print ad, and Larry is really working on exactly what do we need to advertise that the customer responds to that drives traffic. So those are all the levers that the merchants and Larry are pulling on the Family Dollar side, and I'm just thrilled about what we got going on, on the Dollar Tree side to keep growing. 
