Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Jeff. As an organization, we are moving fast. Our operating initiatives are in flight and are gaining steam and the current economic climate is driving more higher income consumers into value retail. We believe we are in the right spot to deliver quality, value and convenience that shoppers need today. The momentum is continuing as both segments are off to a nice start early in quarter 1.  Before we move to Q&A, I want to briefly discuss 2 additional contributors to our future success. Information technology and supply chain. In order to unlock the value creation opportunity ahead of us, we must have the right tools and technology in place to support our accelerated growth. [ Bobby Aflatooni's ] Technology Group has a clear vision and they are prioritizing projects that will have the greatest impact on our enhanced performance. Some of the increased speed fueling these projects, our capital expenditures and some are operating expenses. All of the projected spend for this year is captured and included in our outlook.  And John Flanagan's supply chain team is doing a great deal of work to enhance efficiency and ensure the stores have the merchandise they need and can upstock it easily. We have identified an approach for eliminating the inefficiency of our current manual case-by-case handling process. This should enable us to more efficiently and reliably get products from our DCs onto our trucks and then into our stores. John has committed to having at least 1 DC up and running on the new process by the end of the year, which much more to come in 2024 and beyond. This will be a big step forward for our organization and especially for our store associates.  Also, I would like to pat our DC teams on the back. In the past year, all 25 of our DCs have been good distribution practices certified by an independent third-party auditor, and we are already in the process to begin recertifying for 2023. The company is very proud of this achievement and believe it demonstrates our company's commitment to our associates to run good clean buildings. 2022 represented a year of substantial change for the Dollar Tree organization. Of the 16 officers listed on Dollar Tree's website, only 2 were with our company 15 months ago. That is clearly a great deal of change in a very short period of time.  I would like to share my sincere gratitude to our 207,000 associates that have not only embraced change but have welcomed our new leaders and me to the organization. One day, we will be able to reflect on 2022 as the inflection point that got our company back on track. To capture the remarkable long-term value creation journey ahead of us. The team knows that I'm all in, in my commitment to support our store and field associates as they develop and grow in their retail careers by running full, clean and friendly stores to serve our shoppers each and every day. The long-term opportunity ahead of us is bigger than I imagined before I joined the Dollar Tree team.  I want to be very clear. This transformation is not about saving dollars to deliver success. It's about spending dollars in the right places to unlock the future value of the business. This transformation is a process, which includes stabilizing the organization as we run and operate our business and make investments to modernize and transform the company to create long-term value for our stakeholders.  As Jeff outlined, we pulled forward into 2023, certain investments that could otherwise have been extended for several years. And consequently, we expect fiscal 2023 to be a step back in earnings from the prior year. We're excited about this acceleration of initiatives and investments as it means higher and earlier returns in the years ahead. This is an important year to put us on a path for an acceleration in growth and earnings as we move forward.  We believe that this approach will maximize returns for our shareholders. Our leaders are eager to share more details on our vision and the path to get there, and we will do so in a more structured format in our Investor Day here in Southeast Virginia, currently being planned for June. We intend for this to be the first of several events over the years ahead as we outline our transformation and its progress along the way.  Before I turn it over to questions, I would like to take a moment on behalf of the employees, Board, shareholders to extend our thanks to Mike Witynski for his years of service and contributions. Mike, we're all grateful to you and wish you the best. Operator, Jeff and I are now ready to take questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. The answer, Matt, is let's do the last 1 first, the $3 to $5. We're very pleased. And the key takeaway on that is not only selling the product but the store's ability to manage it the multiple price points and not create confusion for the customer, which is why we've taken the approach that everything is now on the table. So very pleased with that.  The improvement, as I look at the improvement, it's not only the sales, but more importantly, the transaction count and what's going on in the basket. And we know that the basket is substantially larger when we get the multiple price points in it. So very -- we're pleased. We're excited. And now that we've cycled it, we're getting a true measure on what's going on. 
Richard Dreiling: We'll spend a lot more time talking about that sort of thing at the Investor Day. And while I do not want to be specific, Family Dollar is starting to gain share. And it's also gaining a larger share of the wallet. 
Richard Dreiling: Excellent question. I would look at '23 as kind of getting us level set -- and I think the investments we will utilize in '24 and '25 will be more basic. You're always investing in the business, but it won't be anything of the magnitude that we're tackling now. 
Richard Dreiling: Another great question. The more time I spend here, I'll make a couple of observations for you, Scot. It's becoming really clear to me the composition of the new team married with the older team, there's a tremendous amount of experience here. And we believe that experience is going to help us drive -- to drive to get things done faster. Then you couple that with an organization the Family Dollar and Dollar Tree organization. I have never seen the willingness to accept change like I'm seeing here.  The 207,000 people in this company are dying to be high performers, and they believe in what we're doing. And they're seeing -- are the investments we've made so far in price and wage, store investments we've made in terms of the quality of the facilities, the employees are seeing that they're seeing those changes. They're seeing them in sales and their viewing it as all positive. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean I think as I reflect on what you're asking here, the most important thing we can do is maintain consistent store standards and execute against our operating model. We have -- we know what to do and I think if you look what's taking place, the consumer is responding to it and they're responding to it in terms of a bigger share of their wallet, they're responding in terms of market share. And all of the initiatives that we are putting in place, Krisztina, are all designed for that store experience. Even if you look at what we're doing with labor, we're not trying to take labor out of the store. We're trying to eliminate work so we could spend that on more customer-facing activities. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would say one of the key initiatives in this building is the in-stock level at Family Dollar. Several things are happening. A lot of the manufacturers have retailers on allocation. So if you order 100 cases, you might get 65. And that is affecting everybody right now.  The other issue we are -- we have discovered, we've had for a long period of time is we use a perpetual inventory system and if that system is not right, if it's not showing the on-hand quantities properly, the system will order product. So we're going through a process now of truing that up but I will reiterate one of the -- and people are tired of me talking about it around here, in-stock is one of our key initiatives. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, sir. We're doing that market by market. And what we're looking at is not only the hourly wages, which is where the bulk of the investment is. We're also looking at coverage to ensure we have the proper amount of coverage and then we're also looking at what I would call the field team, the store manager and the district manager. We do know, and it's proven that when we have the right wage structure, we increased our retention and our turnover has been pretty astronomical and we're seeing that slow down. We know we get better shrink, we know we get better store standards and we get better morale. And that all leads to better execution, which the customer sees on the shelf when they're in the store. So it's a broad-based approach. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question. I think as I reflect on the consumables, the $3, $4 and $5 frozen food is a perfect example of there is a -- there's an appetite for it in the stores. I do think it's a balance, but I will say this, consumables drive transactions. And what we have to figure out is how to get a consumable item and a nonconsumable item in the basket together and grow the basket. And that's the challenge right now. So as we look at consumables, John, it's going to be a very selective approach. Hey, this sounds silly, but we introduced Bread into Dollar Tree over the last quarter. We put Ice in Dollar Tree over the last quarter, and they're doing very, very well. And we've done it without offsetting the mix in the store. So it's a methodical process. But I think what's important here is that it's nothing but opportunity if we can manage our way through it. 
Richard Dreiling: It would only be a partial recovery. There's a number of factors to this. One, freight rates have not gone back to 2019 levels in its entirety. Also, as you think about freight, there are really 3 components of freight and everyone seems to want to focus only on the transatlantic portion. But there's import and -- I'm sorry, inbound and outbound freight also, which is ultimately included in all of this. And those particular rates you have not seen a significant reduction or return back to 2019 as driver costs, chassis costs, fuel, all those components continue to be at more elevated rates versus 2019. So as we look at these freight cost reductions in its entirety, we do not -- we're not forecasting this is going to recover that which we would have seen in comparison to 2019. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I'll take that, Jeff, and then you can jump in. The first thing I want to say is we believe in the long-term earnings power of both banners and we think there's potential there, and I look forward to sharing that with everybody on the Analyst Day. I think if we are honest with ourselves, which we are, the facilities in both banners need work in terms of the quality of the gondolas, floor care, ceiling care, lights, I can go down the list that applies to both banners.  I think when you look at the difference between the 2 banners and what shows up in one versus the other, in terms of store standards is Dollar Tree has no planograms in it. So it's incredibly easy just to put stuff on the shelf. And a lot of sins get covered up when you do that. Family dollar, every square inch of that thing when we get done by the middle of the year, we'll be playing to grant. And out of stocks, rusty shelves and more problems show up when you have a planogram based merchandising strategy. So I would look at you and say, both stores have a tremendous amount of opportunity. Both banners have a lot of long-term earnings power. So it's really not a balance. It's more about getting it done in both. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean what we're seeing is the consumer making $80,000 a year is trading down. And that's -- timing is everything. We're doing better on so many fronts with a long way to go. They're having an experience they can relate to. But as far as planning for that in our outlook, no, we don't do that. 
Richard Dreiling: So in terms of the composition of the basket, like every other consumable retailer, we're seeing the shift toward more consumables. I do think that -- So the basket is increasing. 
Richard Dreiling: If I could add one thing. I think the key takeaway on what has been said is there is no structural problems with either [ Van ]. It's all fixable, and we know how to fix it. 
Jeffrey Davis: Thank you, Michael. This is Jeff. As we think about the returns, and Rick had indicated earlier, there are a number of interdependencies that are related to these investments. So as you can imagine, we are a lot of these investments are complementary to what we're doing with our merchandising and our other store initiatives. Those interdependencies are dependent upon us being able to execute against this against all 16,000 stores, and it will take time through the course of 2023 to accomplish that. We have seen early on at the back half of 2022, some early returns and some tests that we've done. So we're confident that we will have an improvement in returns in future years.  But between the interdependency as well as, quite honestly, trying to execute this and what we are all seeing as a somewhat uncertain macroeconomic environment. The combination of these 2 things, we believe that the impacts of this year will be minimal. We're saying it is minimal because it is not any relevant level for us to actually speak any specifics to it at this point in time. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. So there's a couple of pieces to this. First off, our teams are always going back to our supplier partners and looking for ways to reduce our costs where that is available. And to the extent that later they are and given our volumes and sort of our scale to the extent that we can do so, we'll take advantage of that. But part of the challenge also for us is that a large portion of our contracts, about 60% of all the contracted business that we have for any particular year right now. About 60% of that is long-term charter or contracted rates. And that's the reason why those contracts and charters do not roll off until starting late 2024 or 2025.  The other element of this is that we capitalize our freight into our inventory cost. So in any one particular year, to the extent that our inventory is turning, let's say, 4x, you've got that portion that is going to roll over to the next year as part of your capitalized cost. So the combination of those things, so it's going to be the timing of contract expiration and renegotiation. It's going to be the carryover from 1 year to the next are the 2 reasons why for us, we have more of a back-ended loaded benefit of freight in 2023 that we'll be carrying over into 2024. But then also, you have a further continuation of freight cost reductions as those other contracts roll off. 
Jeffrey Davis: I appreciate your question because I realized I didn't answer the $430 question earlier, so I apologize. Of the $430 million, about 2/3 of that is related to wage and wage-related items. The delta, if you will, is around setting the store standards, what we're doing in sort of standards that we're doing IT, what we're doing in our supply chain. As it relates to our wage rates of $2, it definitely brings us more competitive in the marketplace as it closes the gap. We believe that, once again, it's not only closing the gap on hourly wages, but then it's also for us collectively bringing us more competitive as it relates to the field leadership teams. We haven't provided any sort of average hourly rate, but it is about a 20% increase over the course of the 2 years that $2 would represent. 
Jeffrey Davis: So there's 2 things, if I could maybe add to that. One, as it relates to the -- one, quality of merchandising, the opportunities we're presenting. But also from a pricing perspective, the work that we've done, there's been a multipoint reduction against the market, if you will, in our pricing to gain parity as Mike -- excuse me, as Rick has said, with respect to our competitive sets as well as widening the gap of grocery and convenience. So the combination of those 2 things is very encouraging for us as it relates to improved traffic as well as being able to drive still ticket at those lower prices on a year-over-year basis. And then as it relates to Family Dollar and its ability to generate greater levels of profitability, there is somewhat of a step function that's going on right now with these accelerated investments. And it's more exacerbated against Family Dollar P&L because of its overall unit economics versus that of Dollar Tree, as you well recognized.  We believe that as we continue to drive greater productivity from a top line perspective, improve -- simplify our stores and its operating procedures such that we can further leverage off of the existing base that we're building up. We believe that we will be able to drive higher levels of profitability. The last piece is from a margin perspective, gross margin perspective, the things that Larry is doing, we're talking about from a private label additions that, that will also help us from a gross margin. So top line sales, gross margin improvement and then leverage against some of these expenses that we are now incurring over the longer period of time. 
