Gary Philbin: Scot, this is Gary. We're pleased with H2 because when we went into this, we knew we were adding in more frozen food doors and some more food that obviously has an impact on margin. But we also went into it with the thought of let's offset that with some of what we do on immediate consumption, the queuing lines, the WOW tables. I just think some better adjacencies to run the store. Early on, we saw some degradation in margin. But as we sit here now, H2 is neutral to the fleet, but we didn't do this to be neutral. I really -- our goal here is to have margin expansion within H2. So we're on the right path. We've got traffic going in these stores. And obviously, you've heard us call out that comp. Our next workflow is maintain all that and add margin expansion to H2. We like everything that the customers are telling us about it. We like the results on the top line and sales, and we got to get going on the margin mix now. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I've always said we need to get to an inflection point on the fleet. We were rebuilding the stores, basically one store at a time with H2. We did over 1,000 in the first 3 quarters this year. We're planning on doing 1,000 next year. I need the top line sales. I think that's what H2 has given us. The work on the margin, Q3 for Family Dollar, I think it was about an 80 points difference year-over-year comparison. The expansion that can rise across the whole fleet are some of the things I talked about. We got to focus on the discretionary seasonal apparel, electronics. All those are the categories that I think get teed up in the right way in H2. It doesn't mean that the rest of the fleet can't benefit from some of the same elements and efforts across the fleet. So we're putting together our '20 plan with specific initiatives around those discretionary categories to drive the -- maybe get the same benefit that we've really seen on the consumables side. We've got more folks coming through the front door here. And that is as important as anything that we do and now I got to get them over to the other side of the store to buy more of the discretionary product. That's doable. More to come when we announced our 2020 plan. 
Gary Philbin: Michael, Gary. I would just add this. Keep in mind, this was a year that was everything we talked about at the beginning of the year. The store initiatives, 2,000 stores at various times torn up. Keep in mind, at the DC level, we were also not just shifting rebanners back and forth, we are also shifting product back and forth, especially with the impact of our Dollar sections in some of our WOW items. So along the way, we combined a store support center, too. With all those balls in the air, I give credit to our store teams and our store support teams to get that done. Everything we're talking about here gives us the consistency, visibility as we go forward in '20. We have done all this, really, with major initiatives, both in our store base, in our store support center. So listen, the things that we're focused on are the right things to drive the business. And with all that going on, we drove sales throughout the year. And with H2 stores, building momentum throughout the year, I'm really pleased with where we will end up on the top line and the initiatives around the margin piece, we got to get after on each of them. 
Gary Philbin: Paul, this is Gary. Let me sort of answer your question. What's temporary and start with Dollar Tree. The things that have we've been chasing this year start with shrink. It's a both banner issue. But shrink is something I have an expectation that we're going to do better on next year. We're coming off of a second year of not great performance, and we can do better. I think the freight piece, we started talking about it last year was certainly a bigger impact in the first half. We're going to see some of that modify in the second half, but we're still significantly up year-over-year. And the distribution costs, I think, listen, I don't know if it's temporary or not. I know that it impacts us when we have more folks coming into a DC. And it's really not even what you had to pay for us again the DC. It's almost the productivity that you lose in the DC because you've got new folks that you got to train and retain. Those are the things that I think were the one-offs for both banners that I would expect us to make improvement on in the initiatives we talk about. The mix on product, to me, is a bigger issue at Family Dollar than it is at Dollar Tree. We are happy with what H2 has done. But across 2019, we've worked hard on keeping sales going. And we just got to find some of the same elements that drive customer traffic into those sections as they do on the consumables. For Dollar Tree, I don't know how to think about tariffs. But it's always just going to be about incorporating the next WOW into the stores. We'd like what Snack zone has done for a little pressure on mix. That's why we got Crafters Square going. A year before that, we started out in Snack Zone, but we put in the Hallmark. So it's always what we push and pull to drive customers on both foot traffic and sales and margin. We're going to do that again as we go into '20. So those are going to be the pieces that we talk about category by category. Hope that's helpful. 
Gary Philbin: Peter, this is Gary. Yes. List 1, 2 and 3, I think the teams have been through a couple of cycles now of working with our vendors to either at lower cost or redesign packaging, so we can land it. And in some cases, we're moving outside of China, as you've heard us talk about. And even on this last trip, as we are buying already fall and Halloween next year, we've moved additional product out of China. So you're not going to be able to pick up that entire supply chain. But that's where we do sometimes, item by item, vendor by vendor, as we see those opportunities. As we go into 4A and 4B, it's more of our product. And as always, I want to go into 2020, I think, with some compelling product, and we're going to do the smart things around what we have to do to do the best we can to mitigate. I've also told our merchant teams, at the end of the day, I want to be able to see what it is. We might be changing or the opportunity to move price away from a vendor to another country before we do it. So 4A, what we've seen is when it gets announced and we don't have much time to mitigate, that's what we're calling out with the Q4 impact. Going forward, when we get a chance to get on our regular cycle buy and meet with our vendors, yes, we can mitigate more of it. I just don't have a full vision of that until we go on a big buying trip in January, which will be our first time really to meet with all of our vendors. And I'm assuming at that point, 4B is in effect as well. 
Gary Philbin: No. Well, you heard me talk a little bit about an H2 4-wall margin is about neutral to the fleet, and so that the overall mix change that we're experiencing is no different at H2. What's different is that we invested heavily with more of our lower-margin frozen food and additional expansion of some key categories in center of the store food as well. That's lower margin. That's been offset, you're exactly right, with the impact of the dollar sections, with the queuing assortment, with Dollar WOW tables, with immediate consumption. So the fact that we're back to fleet neutral margin, I think, shows the power of some of those sections we just got hampered up another level to get margin accretion going in H2 stores. So the way I look at with the team, we almost take a look at, here's the sections we've invested in, what's our sales and margin on a frozen food category and is that being offset with some of those other sections. And that's pretty much what we're seeing right now. 
Gary Philbin: I would say, as folks come in, I would say it's 1/3 folks have seen the product and buy it, 1/3 of our loyal customers have commented that they don't like the multi price go in our stores and 1/3 are somewhere in the middle. Here's my view from everything we've interviewed our customers with. It's not -- so far, we've had a priority on more consumables, which I think were an item that we want to just get out there across categories. The next phase of the test is more about what I would call the Dollar Tree WOW side of it. We went over on our buying trip this July to buy specific categories. So I would call them more on our variety, discretionary side, things that people haven't seen. And we'll see how customers respond. But I think that's more to what our customers are going to enjoy seeing incredible values on and allow us into our Dollar Tree WOW umbrella to say, "that's a great item I don't see anywhere else. And I know that costs more when I do see it." And I think that's going to be what we push on into some of this showing up in stores now, but into 2020. So when we get a chance to test and learn and put new products in, especially when we can design them and import them or find discretionary items domestically, I just think that's going to be the next phase of the test that gives us another important data point. Our customers that buy it tend to buy more than the average Dollar Tree transaction, but I go back to what success, and success in this is really to increase the reach of Dollar Tree to another segment of customers, another chance to increase margin as well, and as always, protect the brand to say this is the WOW factor at Dollar Tree. So those are the things that are in the mix. I think we have some exciting product coming in, and we stay close to watching that week by week. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we are seeing some modest year-over-year declines right now with it. And the things that we're doing, we're in control. But we need to bid out the process. Now somebody has to sign up for the lower bid and give us great service, both on inbound and outbound, to get those rates. So I'd like to think that it's something that as we read some of the same headlines, we are not in the same position as the truck driver shortage exactly at this time a year ago. I think that bodes well for us. The opportunity when we get better service on the outbound, allows us to do more backhauls. So we're going to go into 2020, pushing all the levers we know to do to get both lower freight and better service, and we'll understand better once our important third-party suppliers and independent truckers continue to give us service as we expect to as we finish out Q4 into 2020. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we do take a look where is the number of stores. We went into this knowing that we want to fix some of the oldest stores in the fleet. So based on the last year talks, we went into with the best opportunity based on volume. We did need a certain size. And really, what we're skating to is, by the time we face these next 1,000, we ought to be close to 40% of our fleet or a little better, being less than 5 years old. And I think to your point, that does give our customer give a perception of what they've seen at Family Dollar. So it's not necessarily that everything has to be H2. We've got some great stores out there that are not, but we are changing the face of what the customer sees with this store initiative, along with what we closed, along with what we rebannered to Dollar Tree. So the combination of all those things gets us closer to an inflection point, which is I think what you're talking about, what does that customer see. And inside the store, the consistency around store standards, conditions and stocks are important across all the factors of the different stores that we run. So that's what we're aiming for. And as we get more and more stores with the same opportunity, we're still measuring it what's our biggest return on capital as we go and invest in these stores. But I think just by the nature of our fleet with where we are across the country, we're starting to get some critical mass into some key geographies. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we've already said, we're in the low 20s as a brand, which is pretty darn good. I mean, it's not grocery store-esque because we're not a grocery store. But I think across the categories, what I would like to see is something closer to 100 basis point improvement consecutively over a number of years. I think that's the opportunity in front of us. And I think it speaks to, one, having great product and values in store. And number two, our customer just needs it because she's stretching her budget and the commitment on what we compare and save to national brands, I think, fits in our wheelhouse. I think the magic to it, as always, is introducing customers because they'll step up to private brands on something that first is something that they try on because it's a detergent, and then they'll go to HPA products, and then we'll go to food products. And the team has done a wonderful job on rebranding across the different categories. And I think that's opportunity still with runway to it. 
Gary Philbin: We're early -- I mean, yes, we like the comps. I'd like to -- as we get more stores into this, I mean we just finished up 1,100-change of H2. That profile is -- has stayed consistent with the addition of more stores across geographies, across densification of population. So we do like that. I think as we get into the second year here, it's -- the stores are still cycling some of their grand opening activities from last year. So more to come as we get more stores into that bucket. 
Gary Philbin: Or Dollar Tree Plus!? No, I would say -- I can't tell you there's a nuance here that really says there's much of a difference. I think it's more about the product, Karen, than anything else at this point. 
Gary Philbin: Well, listen, we've been building -- rebuilding our execution and rebuilding our banner. So I think that speaks to satisfying this customer. I think that's what H2 calls out that when we get a shopping environment that's compelling, exciting and has the items they want, they will respond to it. To answer your question on the customer, listen, I think unemployment's at an all-time low. I think folks in general can find a job these days. I think the opportunity is still, oftentimes, they're one doctor bill or one car repair bill away from not being in such good shape. And that's really our opportunity to make sure that we have the right items to help them navigate a budget from beginning of the month to the end of the month. So I would say things are maybe slightly better because of jobs. But I never like to stray too far from a customer that is keenly focused on value, convenience, and that's the crosshairs of our Family Dollar ought to just win the customer with everything that we've been talking about, with H2 and the entire fleet. 
Kevin Wampler: Michael, it's Kevin. I think as we look at it, the items we called out, obviously, the shift in mix as we've seen the -- basically, the consumable business outpaced even what we had forecasted. And really, that's in both brands, more so in the Family Dollar brand and the Dollar Tree brand, but it's in both brands. So the Dollar Tree brand, we've got some good things going with frozen food, refrigerated and in center aisle as well. So a lot of things going on there. And again, a little bit of overall effect from the helium shortage and the halo effect to the party department in general. On the Family Dollar side, obviously we haven't seen the discretionary business kick in, as well as we'd like it to, Gary, what he was just speaking to. A lot of opportunity there, getting customers in the door is key, obviously, and getting the foot traffic and having that opportunity to sell them that discretionary item is very, very important. I think as we obviously look at other pieces of the business, obviously, we called out DC costs. Really, this is not an area we've called out in the past so much. It's really been more of a -- more -- a bigger topic as of late as we've gone into the, what we would call our seasonal peak here in the end of Q3 and beginning of Q4 as we look at basically getting all the merchandise through these buildings. And with unemployment where it's at, it's obviously required us to bring up basically starting wages and making sure we can engage with those associates and train them appropriately. 
Kevin Wampler: Michael, as we said before, that was at a point in time with what we knew at that point in time. Obviously, we're working through and finishing up our 2020 plans. Obviously, the biggest unknown as we sit here today for us and many other retailers is tariffs and where does that land at the end of the day. So obviously, we're committed to improving our business and improving on the many things we've talked about already this morning, but whether -- we'll give, obviously, guidance when we get to our fourth quarter call. And hopefully, we'll have some clarity around all those things. 
Kevin Wampler: Paul, this is Kevin. I think as we look at it, again, we don't give guidance by banner. Obviously, when you look at it from a -- what I can give you a little feel for, for Q4, is, if you look at the guidance we gave today and you can back into a range of operating income based on all the data we've given you. And I would tell you that it's basically a little -- right around 9% or just above. If you compare that to prior year, excluding the items such as the markdowns for aged goods, clearance of inventory and in-store impairment, I would tell you that the pressure between basically gross profit and SG&A is fairly consistent. So we're seeing pressure on both line items. So that just gives you some directional ability to think about that. I think as we look at this year and as we look at obviously the fourth quarter, fourth quarter is a big quarter for Dollar Tree from a seasonal perspective. So we get a pretty good boost in sales just from a seasonal set, which obviously has always provided us the ability to basically provide a good gross margin. And I don't see that in there. But our seasonal set this year performed very well. We had a very good Halloween set. We had a very good performance with our Halloween seasonal, and we feel good about going into the fourth quarter with our Christmas set. So I think that always bodes well. Obviously, we do have the 6 less selling days, but that doesn't mean we're not going to try to make sure we do everything we can to get every last sales dollar that we can at the end of the day. 
Kevin Wampler: Karen, the -- as you look at the $19 million, it's more skewed to Dollar Tree than the 70%. So the vast majority really relates to Dollar Tree. A small piece of it does relate to Family Dollar. 
Kevin Wampler: I think as we look at it, as we've said, we look at freight in fourth quarter, we said domestic, we feel like we're headed in a little bit better direction could be flat to slightly down year-over-year. So that's a good news item. Obviously, somewhat offset by the fact that our import freight is going up. So I think overall, I think we would look for the freight effect maybe to be a little less as we go through Q4. I think as we look at just margin in general, obviously, as we've talked about, helium is a component of this. It does affect -- it does have a halo effect on what is one of our biggest departments and one of our most profitable departments. And so we feel a little bit of that, but the team is working really hard to create other exciting items within that department that will drive that business, whether we have helium or not, which, obviously, we're working hard to make sure we have helium as well. So some moving pieces there. I would expect, though, that as if we do the things we need to do to execute on improving our freight going forward that you'll see it be less of an issue as we get into Q4 and the new year. 
