Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Once again, I'm very pleased with our company's performance in the fourth quarter and for the year of 2012. In summary, our comp store sales increased 3.4% and total sales grew 11.5% to a record $7.4 billion. Operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 12.4%. That's the best in the past 12 years, and earnings per share increased by 21.4%, excluding the positive impact of the 53rd week and the gain from the sale of Ollie's. We opened 345 new stores in 2012. We expanded and relocated 87 stores and we ended the year with 4,671 stores and square footage growth of 7.7%. Last year, our new stores achieved the highest sales per square foot in 12 years since 2001 when our average store size was much smaller. We expanded frozen and refrigerated product to 329 stores for a total of 2,549 stores across the U.S. At Deal$, new customers are pleased to find surprising values on consumer basics, and you can see it in the results. Comp sales at Deal$ benefited from both increased traffic and increased average ticket. Customers are shopping more frequently and buying more on each trip. We opened 41 new stores in Canada, representing a 40% increase in our Canadian store base, and we're beginning to translate our investments in systems and to better merchandise assortments for our Canadian customers. Significant enhancements to Dollar Tree Direct, such as expanding bright pack, enhancing our mobile capability and increasing our social media presence are attracting more customers. In order to efficiently support our continued growth, we broke ground on a new 1 million square foot DC in Windsor, Connecticut, and we've announced plans for the expansion of our Marietta, Oklahoma DC. As always, we continue to manage capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. Last year, we repurchased $340.2 million of our stock. We sold our interest in Ollie's in the third quarter with a gain of $60 million and a contribution of $38 million to net income, and we executed a 2-for-1 stock split in June. 2012 was another great year of great accomplishment, and I will tell you that we're singularly positioned to do even better in the future. We have a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen. We're opening new Dollar Tree stores, and there's plenty of room to grow. We're growing the productivity of our stores in both new stores and in comp stores. We're growing through new formats, like Deal$ and Dollar Tree Direct, and we're growing through expanded geography. Canada provides a great opportunity for substantial growth. We will now address your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Bob Sasser: Well, Dan, in reflecting back over the last year, the third quarter, we were up against a big comp in third quarter, too, as I remember. We were especially up against that big comp in our consumer products. It was probably the highest, you didn't know that, but the highest consumer products comps that we were up against for the year. So there's a little difference and when you're looking at third quarter versus fourth quarter about what we're selling and the mix of what we're selling. Of course, in fourth quarter, we had a couple -- we had the holidays. And at Dollar Tree, we're always -- we come in to our own at the holidays. And I think that's what you saw. We were up against in fourth quarter the largest comp of the year and the largest quarter of the year, and it came out with a 2.4% comp. And I think it was just really great execution. We invested into stores, standards and quality, and we've got great execution. We had great merchandise in the fourth quarter, great values. And by that, we overcame the 7-plus percent comp from the year before. As to your second question, I believe about this year in the second half, we're really excited about the second half of this year. We're giving guidance to you based on what we know and from internal and what we see from external. We can -- we've given first quarter guidance and then guidance for the year. In uncertain times, our guidance -- our visibility of first quarter is a lot better than it is of fourth quarter. So we're factoring in some of the uncertainty in the business that we're looking forward. I do expect the second half of the year to be particularly strong. So that's how we got to the guidance, though. We know what we know, less visibility the further you get out.
Bob Sasser: Dan, we've proven we can get leverage on 1.5% or 2% comp. Third quarter, we've got leverage on our expenses. This year, 1.6% comp. Fourth quarter, 2.4% comp. We've got leverage on expenses. So yes, there's continued opportunity to leverage our expenses on those low single-digit comps as we go forward. And we intend to, by the way.
Bob Sasser: Look, the consumer is under pressure. Burdened and concerned is the way we sort of characterize the consumer right now. They're facing not only higher payroll taxes but rising gas prices. And with the tax refunds being delayed, they really are under pressure. Overall, less money to spend and you add to that job concerns and uncertainty that everybody sees out there right now. But at Dollar Tree, we think of ourselves as part of the solution. We're seeing the effect on the consumer. But we think we're part of the solution and a destination for a cash-strapped customer that's trying to balance their budget. We have all the things that you need. Over half of what we sell now, 50.1%, are products that are needed most often and must-haves in everyday life, high value and they're only $1. And we're -- when our customers are in the store, they can still splurge at Dollar Tree. On the discretionary products, yes, you can afford it at Dollar Tree. It maybe discretionary, but it's only $1 also. So we believe as we've said for years, we are right for all time. We believe we're more relevant today with the consumer under pressure than we've ever been. And we think that's going to continue for a few years, several years.
Bob Sasser: Yes. We're looking at across the business. We're looking at where we think we have opportunities to increase our market share, to drive sales, to drive margins. You're going to see expansions in our stores through the course of the year in our household products area, in our Candy, snacks and beverage area. In our stationery business. We're very excited about our stationery business. And also in our party business. So as we look at our -- in addition to 475 more stores with frozen and refrigerated product, we're expanding a lot of variety categories in the business. We're also -- we have and continue to reengineer the front ends, 40% more SKUs on the front ends, permanent homes for our drive items, more and better customer engagement at the front of the store. We really want our customers to be challenged by great value and to purchase great product from the time they enter the store until the time they leave the store. So you check out, assortments are there, more SKUs, better variety, a lot the value, ever-changing mix on the front end of the stores, the front tables, the items of the week and especially in the seasonal department.
Bob Sasser: Well, I guess, our customer probably indexes the same as their customer does to tobacco. We have no plans to add tobacco in Dollar Tree stores. It's bad for you, but it's also bad for our margins at Dollar Tree. So there are no plans for tobacco. We are going to continue driving sales through, again as I said, to the earlier question, we're really excited about the frozen, refrigerated business rolling out another 475 stores and expanding a lot of our variety categories, as well as expanding our wow items through the year. In times where consumers are in need of value, we've always been able to step it up and offer even more value for the dollar. We're looking to do that throughout the year this year with what we call our wow items, bigger sizes, bigger savings, still just $1. And by the way, operational excellence, we put great value on running great stores and a shopping experience that our customers find pleasurable.
Bob Sasser: Yes. Just speaking anecdotally to that and not to figures, but the -- more inventory doesn't always equate into more sales. And what we want to have is a right amount of inventory in our stores for our customers when they want to buy it. So our opportunity continues to be the supply chain and delivering the right amount of inventory at the right times. We can still increase our turnover. We can still lower our average inventory levels and still satisfy our customers even better, with less inventory in some cases. So I do appreciate the counterintuitive question. It's the one that our merchants ask me all the time. But at the end of the day, the proof is in the pudding, and high inventories do not equal high sales. It's all about the right merchandise in the stores and then the productivity of that.
Bob Sasser: We're looking at competition all the time. We watch them closely. I have great admiration for what they do. But you've heard me say this before, we're just different. And we're small and we're convenient and we're well located, where middle America either lives or shops or both. At Dollar Tree, everything is $1. So the idea of staying focused on what we do the best is what we're about. The -- in a Dollar Tree store, 10,000 square feet, everything is $1. It's an honest proposition. It is disarming to the customer, and that's our goal is to continue to exceed their expectations for what they can buy at a Dollar Tree. We do watch the competition. I do watch what they do. We respond really more to the customer than we do what the competition is doing, and that has worked well for us.
Bob Sasser: I would tell you, in the last couple of weeks, the first -- and we're in the year, what, 3 weeks now. And it's a story -- 2 stories on this year. 3 weeks at end of the year, I'll share with you what I think the story so far is and what the changes could be. But first of all, we had a terrific Valentine's Day. We don't break all that stuff out. It's too early to report. But I do want to tell you that Valentine's Day occurred and it's probably the best sell-through we've had in years and years. I was extremely pleased with our Valentine's business. On the flip side of that coin, we've had the worst weather. We've had through the center of the country and then up the East Coast, seems like there's a storm a week. And so that had been sort of a drag on our business. Overall, it's 3 weeks in, and we're -- everything -- we're still -- we just gave you our guidance. So all of that is baked into that. But that has been more of what we've seen. It's really hard to see when those storms are sweeping through and dumping all that snow and closing stores, and people are losing electricity and can't drive. It's really difficult to see what the core power of the business is in these past 3 weeks with all the disruptions from storms and then of course the Valentine's holiday that we had. My feel is, though, that as the refund checks get out that people will be out shopping. Those people that get them will be spending them as they have in the past. That's a good thing. My feeling is that as the economic environment, throughout the year, becomes more transparent, and it will, and there'll be more visibility. And I feel that things are going to improve over what they are now for the consumer that we'll see the impact of that. We prefer more people working. We prefer more certainty, less uncertainty. And I'm hopeful that we can see that. And in the meantime, we are absolutely zeroed in on the customer that is under pressure from high gas prices, from the tax refunds being later and from the higher taxes. So if you're under pressure, by gosh, we want to have it. When you come to our store, we want to have the things you need. We want to have them in stock. We want to exceed your expectations with more value on the things that you need. And we want you to have a fun shopping experience, so that's where we are.
Bob Sasser: Yes. We think about it as year-over-year growth, incrementally improving our productivity of our stores, our new stores, our existing stores. Those small stores years ago were 5,000 square feet and they pretty much peaked out in year 1 and the comps then became stubborn, if you remember that. The new larger stores, when we started opening them, sales per square foot went down, but it gave us a longer runway by which we could serve more customers for a longer period of time without reinvesting in the store and expanding the store. So we've been building it back over the years. We continue to build it. And yes, there's still plenty of opportunity to drive sales per square foot in all of our stores.
Bob Sasser: Yes. John, just backing up and looking at the past year, it was a terrific year. Even at our Investor Conference, I was upbeat about the business, the longer-term view of the business. And if you look back at third quarter, I think we had record operating margin and higher inventory turns. And we didn't like the comp, 1.6% comp. We always want more. But the P&L was just really spectacular, frankly. So we have every reason to be proud of third quarter. We came at -- it was a big quarter to be up against. We came in the fourth quarter, another big quarter. At the Investors Conference, if you remember last year, I was saying, "We're giving you the information on how we looked at third quarter. And oh, by the way, fourth quarter was going to be a big hurdle for us." And I didn't look at that as not being upbeat, I looked at it as just being transparent and reminding you of what we were facing and how we were going to go about it. So that's what we did. And at the end of the day, I'm really proud of third quarter. I'm really proud of fourth quarter and the year. I always want more comps. I always want higher operating margin. I especially want high returns. So those are the things that we're focused on. I think maybe what gives me confidence going forward -- it is tough calendar. We know that and we planned for it. Easter is early. Easter is not good for the top line growth typically, but we planned for that. It's a tough fourth quarter. It's 6 less days -- selling days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. We planned for that. We have exciting plans for third quarter of next year. Third quarter next year -- this year is 1.6% comp we're up against. So it's sort of the reverse of last year. So I see that as great opportunity as we go, and we're making plans to make third quarter very good. But I have just great confidence in the model, our flexibility. We've been doing this at a $1 for 27 years. We feel pretty confident that we're good in all times. We've seen up times then down times, and we've performed well. We've been able to offer more value to our customer over the 27 years, haven't raised our price. Our product is better than ever. Our value is better than ever. Our operating margin continues to rise, may be counterintuitive. So 2013, we have great merchandise. We have great product. We have great plans in this tough year. And by the way, the consumer in their search for balancing their budgets, they're making less and spending more on everything else. At Dollar Tree, you can buy everything for $1, you can help balance your budget. By the way, have a good time. Buy a toy for your child, have a party at the school and everything is still $1. We're excited about our business.
Bob Sasser: Well, let me start with the second one first. The -- Canada, we're really excited about. We're still in investment mode. The -- it was about a $0.02 to $0.03 pressure on this year's earnings. For next year, we have plans. We think that we're going to improve over that. But we still have some investments to be made. And I think for Canada, the opportunity we're seeing growth in the top line next year. We're excited about that. We're getting our stores re-branded. And with the re-branding, remix, re-merchandise and bringing to bear all of the information [ph] that we put in. Only a year ago now, we're just starting to see the numbers from that. So I think there's going to be a payback from that. So there could be still some pressure in 2013 on the bottom line for Canada. But less than this year. And this year was only $0.02 to $0.03. We're investing in our future in Canada. As I said, we think we can open around 1,000 stores there. And in order to do that, we want to get it right in the beginning, and that's what we're doing. The margin, overall, there's -- I've said this before and I'll say it again, we're in control of our margin. We don't planogram items. There's nothing that we have to have. Our buyers, our merchants are encouraged to offer the highest value for $1 price point at a margin that we are willing to accept. And the one we're willing to accept is the one we planned. So we're just about always going to hit our margin on items and on departments and on categories and subcategories. If you look at any of the -- most of the margin, gross margin changes which we've been -- we've managed it through a pretty tight band over the years. But it's usually all about mix. And when the mix is more consumer products, a little pressure on the margin. And when the mix is more variety of product, and I guess better times and you're selling more -- a little more variety merchandise. Throughout the years though, it's been managed within a very tight band, and I know that we can continue to do that. We don't see, I don't see, there's always something that's going up. There's always something that's going down. But with our philosophy of not having to have anything, we're going to be able to manage through this year once more. You heard Kevin say our guidance includes pretty much the same kind of ocean freight rates, as we experienced. So we're not expecting pressure there. It'd be nice to get a little improvement, but we're not expecting it. The merchandise margins are good, improving, flat to last year, maybe even up in some cases. We just had the trip -- the January trip, which is one of the big trips of the year to Asia. I can tell you, it was well planned. Our merchants were knowledgeable and enthusiastic. It was the best trip that I've been on with our group of merchants, using historical data that -- armed with a financial plan for every category and a strategy to back that up. They'd already shopped the market here. They knew what the winners were out across the country and what the losers were. And we went off and went to Asia with a real plan, worked with the vendors, got the best prices. And I got to tell you, with the merchandise that's coming from that trip, first of all, for our fourth quarter next year, our mark on is going to be on plan from the import side. We've already done that. The merchandise is going to be really exciting. We have new home and textile products, their own trend, our housewares categories are exceptional, especially our dinnerware is just striking, really. We're able to do what our merchants are able to do for the $1 price point. They've updated our stationery assortment. They've updated our party assortment. Our toy department was completely overhauled. It's just really was an exciting trip. And frankly, it is the best trip I've been on since I've been with Dollar Tree. So I'm encouraged on the margin side. I'm encouraged on the value side for fourth quarter.
Kevin S. Wampler: Sure. I mean, obviously, as we look at our capital allocation every year and we put a lot of thought into it. And obviously, our first priority is to fund the business and its growth. And as we've always said, the best use of any dollar is to build another Dollar Tree store, which we're doing plenty of that. And as Bob said, we have a lot of room for growth out there, so that's going to continue. And as -- we spent more the last year or 2 on infrastructure from the standpoint of expanding our distribution network as well. So new [ph] 10 up in Windsor, Connecticut, the total price on that is about $97 million on an overall basis and another $25 million for Marietta. So obviously, we are continuing to fund the business through that manner. From a share repurchase standpoint, obviously, it has been an important part of what we've done and we do believe it's very important as a way to return to our shareholders. And $340 million this past year, $645 million in 2011 and $414 million in 2010. So it obviously has been a big piece of it, and we still have $860 million outstanding in our authorization. That's one piece. Obviously, as we always look at acquisition. If there's something out there that makes sense, we're open to that. We haven't done anything since Canada, which we purchased in the fall of 2010. But obviously, we always keep that consideration out there. And the board and the company looks -- talks about dividends from time to time. We do believe we're in a point where we want to do that. So as we look at share repurchase, we're looking at it as a great way of returning value to our shareholders. I would tell you on an overall basis that one of the other things I look at is our overall return on invested capital. And if you look since 2008, our return on invested capital is 16% and we've since grown it so that the last 2 years, it's approximated 30%. And we feel very, very good about that. And I think if you would benchmark that against others within our sector that you see it benchmarks very favorably, at the end of the day. So we kind of look at it from an overall perspective on a return on invested capital as well. The question is would we leverage up to buy additional shares. Historically, within the last few years, we've not done that. We've intended to spend our free cash flow. Doesn't mean that if the opportunity presented itself that we wouldn't. We obviously have a line of credit in place. We have a lot of availability on it. So it wouldn't be hard to do. It's just not been in our nature at this point in time. As we've said, we've bought back over $1 billion in the last 3 years, and that's without basically borrowing $0.10 to do it. So we feel good about it from that perspective.
Kevin S. Wampler: Sure, Peter, I'd be glad to do that. So in general, between debit and credit, it's basically -- for the year, it was roughly about 38%, 39% of sales. So it continues to increase a little bit. We've seen basically -- in the fourth quarter, we did see strong growth in the credit card business. It was up about 180 basis points. So -- and again, that we rolled -- as you said, we rolled MasterCard out to additional 3,500 stores, roughly, leading into the fourth quarter. So it was obviously well received. Anecdotally, we heard from a lot of stores where customers were very happy to see that we're now accepting it chain-wide. So we do feel that it has been successful. And so overall, the expectation is as the industry continues to grow, we expect our shift to debit and credit to continue, although it's obviously not near what it was a few years ago when we had initially put it in place.
Kevin S. Wampler: I would say in general, the 180 basis point increase, as we look at it, I really believe is, as we've analyzed it, it's where it came from. Part of that conversion is people -- half of that conversion is people are paying cash previously that are now paying with a credit card and the other half is somebody who changed from a card they were using maybe to MasterCard. So you might have seen some people leave debit and go to credit, in some instances even. So I think in general from a ticket perspective, it's obviously beneficial to have our average ticket for a credit/debit transaction is significantly higher than a cash transaction. So it's not a bad thing to get that conversion. I think it's a small piece of the pie as far as the growth in ticket. I actually believe that a bigger piece of it always relates back to the merchandise in the stores and the store operators setting up great displays. And we've done work around our front ends, impulse items and things like that, which I think are important as we continue to go forward and is a big initiative for us on an overall basis. So I think that's probably more important to the overall ticket.
