Gary Philbin: Well, thank you, Scot. I think you're spot on. At the end of the day, we do this absolutely a store at a time. And it really speaks to, I think, 2 things. I would tell you our leadership, zone, region, district and our store managers that we recognize the ones of superior performance at our field meeting. They're on board. I think the consistency that I'm speaking to is how do we give them the tools to win in their box? And I would tell you, it comes down to a few things that have always been part of our elements to focus on. It's getting people trained correctly, and that still remains the #1 priority in what we've invested in with our tax investment today. Our store manager turnover, while stubborn, has come down a few points, and that's against the backdrop of even a robust economy out there. And if we were to say there's one element that combines great store performance, match that up with a store manager that has stayed in the saddle over a year, that's actually remarkable for both banners, our performance improves. So we're focused on that. When we have store managers leave us before 1 year, we put our folks in that spot that tends to show up in stores in that lack of consistency. And so that's where we tend to see the cracks in the dam. And so we work real hard trying to understand why people leave us before a year, both at Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. But the path is really the same for both. Hire the right folks, get them trained, work through their hurdles. But the other piece, and you sort of touched on, was renovations, too, which then, I think, gives us the chance to sort of jump-start and change that by store and district and region very quickly. And that gives us a chance to go in and spend time with a greater touch in those stores to gain that consistency and the elements that drive traffic and business into those stores. So our focus on investing in our store managers is where we're clearly have our eyes set. It was the theme of our meeting this year, and it's where we expect to see progress over the next year. 
Gary Philbin: Well, the investment, we teed up this year. So keep in mind, we're always monitoring where we are by market. I mean, that goes back to even last year. I think we went to this year with the thought, we want -- didn't want to get behind the curve. With unemployment now at 4%, people have opportunities. So it's really targeted by location and in specific markets that are tied to investments in our hourly workforce. And so we kicked that off this year in both banners and putting a little bit of science behind it with where are the markets that have the highest increases going on, or can we affect our turnover in a better way because we give a higher starting wage to the folks that got to run the stores. 
Gary Philbin: Sure, Vinnie. Thank you. Because we're excited about the renovations. And maybe just want to go back to what I said in my comments, I think we've taken our hard look across all of our 8,000 stores. We've got a group of stores chugging along, giving us a positive comp. They tend to be our highest-volume stores. By nature, our customers have been building business in there and continue to. We've rebannered some that are in between, but the stores in the middle that we can affect to drive comps in, we have an old fleet of stores and we've targeted some of the oldest in the fleet to go after that. But more than that, I think what we're seeing with the renovations is increased traffic and basket. The merchandising layout is different enough in the store to get the customers to come in and really take a look at some everyday needs. We expand frozen food, for instance. But we've also enhanced what we've done on our seasons at Family Dollar, different than Dollar Tree. Summertime becomes much more of a grilling holiday at Family Dollar than it could ever be at Dollar Tree. We have our impulse items both in our Wow tables and up in the front end. And so we're seeing, really, a remarkable pickup for that last dollar our customer might have on something that wasn't on their shopping list. And so we've had mid-single-digit comps in this growing fleet of stores. But as I sit back and take a look at this portfolio of stores, we have got to do more of them to affect change. And that's really going to be our focus for the balance of the year. We're going to squeeze in another 50. I'll do more if we can. We'll be limited a bit by just the holiday. We don't -- try not to attempt to do much in our stores after October. But we'll get to 500, maybe more. And then we have the confidence now with what we've learned to tweak it a bit and go into 2019 with a bigger number on that group of stores, and that's going to be how we end up this year and the basis for kicking off '19. 
Gary Philbin: Yes. Great, great question. I mean, unless you do something, your customers never realize what you've done. So for Dollar Tree, at the Snack Zones now, we get a banner out in front of the store. It's on the website. It's word-of-mouth. I would tell you, I see people in the aisles actually FaceTiming their family members at home because they found something that in particular was there. So we've never -- advertising at Dollar Tree is maybe like unlike any other retailer. We want to show people that we have something new, but get a banner out in front and our folks find us. Family Dollar, fair question. I think it's store by store. And so depending on the store in the market, we obviously do everything on the store-level side to show customers, whether that's pennants, banners, big grand openings. And if a store is worthy in terms of what we think it can drive in sales, it probably gets its own ad to do exactly what you've described, tell people what's new, here's why you ought to come. So we sort of gauge that based on the upside opportunity and what we see is the potential and the marketplace that the store is in. 
Gary Philbin: Well, it is traffic that -- during the quarter, we actually had a pretty nice basket increase that offset that. But we -- obviously, we got to do both. And so the focus on driving traffic then comes down to some of the things we've mentioned, right? Consistency of stores. But when you -- I sort of come back to how we take a look at the group of 8,000 stores across the portfolio, Matt. The stores that do fine, we want to make sure they're amped up on the right store investments that we've talked about on labor. For our customer -- for the stores in the middle, we want to make sure that we have targeted operational plans to make sure we get them up to brand standard, as always. We can do things specifically to store level. Your comment on where we are on pricing, I would tell you, our pricing shows us in the targeted areas we want to be against our major competitors. Doesn't mean, every once in a while, you got to go and find the right thing for a Family Dollar customer around first of the month and end of the month to drive that traffic. Those are sort of the arrows in our quiver that we can use on a monthly basis. Over the long range, I want to affect more stores to have customers come in the door because they know they have that renovated store at the right way. So our top-volume stores, to me, I think about it as an investment in the things we've talked about, investment in store labor, investment in wages. In the middle, they'll get some of that, but clearly, we get more renovation lift from some of those stores. And as always, we'll take a look at the portfolio optimization and figure out what stores, as they come up for lease, shouldn't be part of the herd anymore. But that will be the process that we think about driving traffic in the back half and impacting '19. 
Gary Philbin: Sure, Judah. Thank you. I would say Dollar Tree, and because of the geography and where the store sites are, you've heard other retailers call it out, and I think Dollar Tree feeds off that. Our customers are coming in, I think, with a little more to spend, basically middle class and above. And the opportunity is there to spend a little bit more, and we're seeing that both in traffic and basket at Dollar Tree. And it just sort of makes sense when we take a look at the anchors we're next to and we hear them report and we compare that to how we're doing it with the same anchors, and pretty good correlation there. So that feels pretty good to us. I think with the Family Dollar customer, we do serve a needs-based customer. It is different. I think always as we've talked about, we're there to try to provide a solution for a budget from beginning of the month to the end of the month. Much more consumable-driven, which is showing up in the consumable comp we have. I think the stubborn part for us there has been discretionary. And in May, we were really encouraged. Obviously, spring, early summer got to a late start because of weather in Q1 that everyone had talked about. May, we really saw pop up. And I think it was a couple of things. I think, clearly, people were probably behind on warm weather purchases at that point. But I think it also spoke to, at Family Dollar, because sales were delayed, every store sort of had their best assortment right there at the beginning of May. And the comps we saw at that point across discretionary, I think, sort of point to when it all gets into the store, and it looks as good as we hope or close to it, our customer responds. I think as we went through the summer, as assortments break down or we run out of something here or there on our assortments, especially on the discretionary, that's where we lose steam, and I think that's on us. But that's something we can fix, that's something we can control. But I think this lower-income customer, listen, we're very sensitive to it. Utility bills have been higher this summer because of all the heat across the country. And rents, if you take a look at any trend that I do, it still shows rents that are continuing to go up 3 years going now, so that's money out of their pockets. So we can do better to get those dollars and appeal to them to buy across our entire store, that's our focus. But I want us to always be sensitive to making sure we have opening price point for this customer when they come in our store. When they have to spend the extra $20 on a utility bill, we ought to be there to find a solution to make that somehow ease the burden of them of stretching out their budget for the back half of the month. 
Gary Philbin: Judah, I would just add also, capacity issues have really been on the Dollar Tree side as we rebannered stores, converted Deals stores to Dollar Tree. We had needed the firepower on the Dollar Tree side, so that's the other reason that Warrensburg will serve as Dollar Tree initially. 
Gary Philbin: I think you're exactly right. I mean, the optimization of this group of stores. We can impact more stores in the 500 this year, and everything you just suggested, we're going through budget season now. What's it going to take us to do more? And how many more is that? We're not lacking capital. We certainly want a great return for any $1. We want to be prudent managers of capital. But this is what we got to do to change the impact for the fleet of stores. And so anything, we'll overcome all of it. We'll figure out the right stores. We'll figure out how many people we need to put against it. Obviously, that's -- it's not the only limiting thing you got to consider, but you certainly have to plan it. But I think you're spot on, how do we do more? That's how we're going to change what we're -- how we affect our fleet of stores, and really, how we affect our customers at the end of the day to buy more and have more of them come into the store. 
Gary Philbin: Robbie, I'd just add color. I know you asked about long term. I mean, we're going through a year here where the shrink bogeyman is in the room with us. We're going to get that one licked. Freight is a real thing this year, but it's not going to be forever, and we're going to find a way to mitigate it until it does get better with the external forces at work. So I sort of feel the pain right now. It's not going to be a forever thing. And our discretionary business at Family Dollar is going to be the way that we -- one of the ways we expand margin. As we do the renovations, that drives margin expansion in those stores, but we still have to get better on that side of the business. It's there to be had for us. And the levers that we've talked about on private brands and import are just as true now as when we started out. And that's what our teams are working on. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I would say, listen, we like a healthy customer. I mean, we're in the same arena, especially at Dollar Tree. And I think our 2-year stacks at Dollar Tree, we're pretty proud of. So I think that speaks to everything that they've been talking about, about what they see and the health of the customer. And I think even at Family Dollar as we started off the quarter, we certainly had thoughts that if we were going to extend what we saw early on, we'd be having a different conversation now. But that -- we serve a different customer at Family Dollar. We serve a little bit of everyone. But I go back to it's a customer that is on a different kind of budget than most of us can think about. And we get graded every first of the month on do we have the items that she needs then. And at the end of the month, do we have the items, opening price point, oftentimes, that allows her to get towards the end of the month. It's not the same rising tide for the customer at Family Dollar. And we owe it to ourselves, and really, to our customers there to make sure what we put in front of them will resonate with them. It's showing up on the consumables side. We like our business there. I mean, we're getting graded pretty well there. And we're working real hard on the discretionary things, that it's sort of that one more purchase that we need at a Family Dollar store to make all the difference in the world. And then do that against the backdrop of consistency, merchandising energy in the store, let's push the heck out of renovations for the balance of this year and next. And I think that's the magic sauce we need at Family Dollar. 
Gary Philbin: Well, philosophically, Dan, I think we sort of take a look at the major competitors we go against in the market. I mean, obviously, when we're close in the trade area of Walmart, they become one of them. They're not in every market we have. So we take a look at either win on specific items or match or something that, is it important to our Family Dollar customer, based on how we see sales flow to the store, we make those judgments. Clearly, what comes through loud and clear from every research we've ever done and we continue to see is opening price point at Family Dollar. And sometimes, that's a $1 item, but not all the time. And those are the items that we've really got to be right on with our customer. And so those are the elements that, when we take a look at the baskets that our customer buys -- and I still go back to consumables. We have a large number of KVIs like everyone else. And what we see in our consumable business is driving that comp now for 7 consecutive quarters. So I'm not going to put together the thesis of all of our pricing strategy on the phone call today, but I think those are the elements that allow us to drive that kind of a comp on the consumables side. And I would add maybe one other piece for our customer. You've heard me talk about it, too, at every conference. What we do at first of the month and end of the month at Family Dollar are 2 different things. And that's important, too, for our customer, how we merchandise, what's in the ad, how we affect them with the smart coupons, which continues to grow. And I think it's not something we talked a lot about, but we're always surprised by how many customers have signed up. Well, one, because our customers have just as many smartphones now as the average in the U.S.; and number two, they see the items offered to them that make the most sense. And you've heard me give the examples before on that at conferences. So it's not just what's on the shelf, it's that plus what's in the ad, promoted. It's our Price Drop. It's the $1 Wow our customers sees -- go through the store with. So I view it as a recipe we go to market with, never taking a look at one item, but making sure that our pricing strategy is spot on with how we want to affect our customer base. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, I think, Matt, as we think about it -- and we've been pretty transparent about the freight headwinds, for instance, we gave initial guidance way back in early March. That will continue. I think as you look at it, it has a little bit heavier effect in Q4 than Q3, and that's just really because of the way the goods flow. You're basically bringing in a lot of inventory now that you sell in Q4, which is when the capitalized freight goes with it, basically. So you'll have some of that. So we know that's going to be there. Obviously, I do believe diesel becomes a little bit less of a headwind as we go through the year, assuming the price stays steady where it is today. If you look at diesel a year ago for Q2, it was about $2.50. It went to about $2.70 for Q3 and about $2.95 for Q4. So diesel does trend up as you go through the back half of last year. So the compare, while still be a headwind, will not be as big of a headwind as we get to the fourth quarter, assuming current rates stay somewhat steady. And it's right about $3.25 right now is where the diesel rate is. So that's the big one, realistically, that we've seen. Shrink, again, has been a headwind. Again, it dissipates a little bit as we go to the back half, but it'll still be a headwind as well. The good thing is, as we talked about on the Dollar Tree side, the mix has been very good. The -- we've had a very balanced sell on consumables and discretionary. And when we see that, we tend to like that on our overall margin, when we're able to get those nice comp sales in our discretionary categories. So a lot of puts and takes. On a comp basis, as we saw this quarter, we don't -- we're not able to leverage our Family Dollar overall occupancy cost; we are able to leverage for Dollar Tree. So some puts and takes for each banner. But again, there will continue to be some pressure as we go through the back half. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. I think we've pretty much said from day 1 that supply chain was a little longer-term project as we think about it from rightsizing, rationalizing, getting everything in the right place at the end of the day. And again, as you could see, the new building in Warrensburg, Missouri, has been built such that today, it's servicing Dollar Tree stores, but it can be co-bannered and service both. With again, from a stem-mile perspective, it's always going to be beneficial. I think there's things we continue to look at in supply chain. Automation is one of those, and how do you use automation to bring your overall -- what we really look at is cost per case, how much is it costing us to move a case through the distribution network at the end of the day? So there is opportunities, things that we're working on and looking at, and really should have an opportunity to continue to move forward with some of those as we go forward. It'll be some capital investment to do some of these things, but I think there's the return on it that would -- we would believe will make it worthwhile. 
Kevin Wampler: Robbie, as we look to the back half, as I stated earlier, there will continue to be pressure, and freight is the biggest pressure item, less in Q3 than in Q4. And again, that's timing of inventory coming into the system and then when it's sold. But the belief is that the effect will be somewhat less than it was in Q2 as we sit here today. So that's how we're thinking about it. But there will continue to be pressure, and really, the freight is the biggest impact. We were -- in Q2, we actually saw our markup was up. We did have a fairly significant shift to consumables in the mix, about 60 basis points more in consumable sales than 1 year ago. So overall, we feel pretty good about how we navigated through that. But again, our needs-based customers are liking what they're seeing from a consumable standpoint. And as far as long term, obviously, as we've said, the freight item this year is one of those shock to the system type items that we have to deal with and manage through. And we'll do that. Obviously, the expectation is we're going to drive the gross profit up as we go forward. That's the way we view it. Obviously, there's a lot of things that have to happen. We can definitely do better in shrink. We're not happy with our shrink performance this year in either banner, so there's an opportunity there. I think from the standpoint of distribution cost, again, as I mentioned on the earlier question, we believe there's opportunity there. So there's going to be opportunities. It's just putting that together. But at the end of the day, to Gary's point, driving renovations, driving sales, creating leverage on line items will be helpful as well. So I think that's the general thought process. 
