Michael Witynski: Thanks, Kevin. We certainly have momentum in our business. For Q3 in a challenging retail environment with government stimulus mostly behind us, we delivered very solid enterprise results, including a positive 5.1% comp, 150 basis points of gross margin improvement and 130 basis points of operating margin improvement despite incurring more than $46 million in COVID-related costs. Additionally, we completed more than 550 real estate projects, paid down the $500 million drawn on our revolving line of credit and repurchased $200 million in stock. Our strong balance sheet provides us the flexibility to grow the business and create shareholder value.  It is still very early, but I am encouraged by our start to the current quarter. We are just over 3 weeks into our important fourth quarter, and we are off to a very good start with same-store sales at both banners currently tracking above reported third quarter levels. We are truly leveraging the power of both brands. Actions taken in 2019, including the consolidation of store support centers and the alignment of organizational leadership under one team are paying off. Examples include: we are experiencing improved accessibility to a broader base of manufacturers and vendors by going to market as a 15,000-plus store chain. Many vendors are willing to work with us to support both the dollar price points as well as price points above the dollar. Our merchant teams are harmonized to act with clarity, focus and speed.  When the first COVID wave hit in March, we took action to derisk the Halloween season and actually saw the best sell-through in company history. This fall, we modified our assortments away from the traditional cold and allergy and to more focus on health products, vitamins and face covering. We also made strategic buys on paper, soaps and sanitizers to get ahead of the curve as COVID cases were expected to pick up in the second wave.  Our seasonal businesses, both at Dollar Tree and Family Dollar are doing very well. We are able to be a convenient shopping trip to meet the needs of those staying at home, eating at home, working at home and/or learning at home. We are seeing greater sales of seasonal product as it hits our stores. Customers are buying ahead and not waiting until the last minute. This is resulting in better sell-through and reduced markdown exposure. We will continue to develop new strategic store formats so we are able to better serve our customers while improving store productivity, margins and returns. We want formats that utilize the best of both brands to serve customers in all types of geographic markets. This will be a story of evolution, change and improvement. Our gross margin return on investment or GMROI at Family Dollar is the highest it has been since we have owned the business. This is a combination of improved sales, gross margin and inventory returns. An example is our apparel category where we delivered a significant improvement in sales and margin with material-less inventory. This is while the overall market has been down for apparel. We are focused on delivering the basics at greater values, sharper price points. The team has undergone a significant amount of work to get us to this stage with one consolidated store support center, a strong balance sheet and an aligned, energized and focused leadership team and a full staff of talented retailers. We believe we have the ability to better serve customers across North America. Our actions represent a transformational opportunity to leverage the power of both of our brands through flexible store formats designed to drive operational results and enhance shareholder value. Before we go to your questions, I'd like to wish all of our stakeholders, a safe and happy holiday season. I believe we are all looking forward to the arrival of 2021. It's almost here. Operator, we are now ready to take questions. 
Michael Witynski: Thanks for the question. Yes. So quarter-to-date, we are seeing some of the stack up right now. It's not quite at the level as it was back in March and April. We're estimating at about 30% of the rate it was earlier in the year, but we can see that they are stocking up now. And the seasonal pull-through is some pull-forward sales. We do see they are buying earlier and decorating their homes, and that's really helping us a lot in our sell-through. We have less markdowns and so there's less exposure there and ability to get more product out on our sales floor.  Regarding Dollar Tree Plus!, while I know it seems like it takes long, but this is really -- it's similar to other tests that we have. When we have our Crafters Square, we tested it in 3 or 4 stores, then we put it out into 800 stores and then rolled it out. And now we're rolling out to the chain and that took probably 18 months to 2 years. It's just that we didn't show you all the backdrop of the early testing. And we took the same pace as we were looking in our snack zones at Dollar Tree. We tested that for a year in stores and refined it and then rolled it out to a certain amount of stores and then began our process.  So this is what we're doing, the same process. We want to make sure it's right and aligned, and we've even learned a lot from our process by shifting a lot from consumables into the discretionary items that the customer really wants that we can bring great value in. And it also takes our buyers' time to go -- these are import items and we actually manufacture and create these items to be a great value and a wild factor at the $3 and $5 price point. So we want to make sure it's the right thing, and it's adding value to our customers and to our company as well. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Well, I think the first answer is that we're organizing around the strategy. So that tells you that there is commitment there that we want to find great products at the $3 and $5 price points, and it gives us the ability to also leverage that across both banners where it makes sense. And the 500 is, it gives us -- we're actually rolling it out to more distribution stores and we look at stores that are sized appropriate, where we can bring this product into those stores. So 500 is an estimate of stores around those distribution centers. And it also gives us enough stores to really see how it continues to grow and improve and how our customers respond.  We like the results. We can tell that the sales are growing compared to when the sales of the consumable items, they're reacting more. So the overall sales of these items are growing. The challenge we have is, in the backdrop of the COVID with all the increase in sales and mix of the stores that how it shifted, it's really hard for us to isolate those specific categories in those stores. But it's easy enough there's enough evidence that the sales of those specific categories are doing well enough, and our customers are responding, that we're going to continue to roll it out and test it more. The things that we do like is even in the seasonal items, where the $3 and $5 items are really responding well and seasonal. 
Michael Witynski: Well, I think the #1 thing that we could see is the sales are up over the program when it was consumables. So we think that they're responding favorably because the products that we are buying are selling through at the rate we expect and it's continuing to grow. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. In my opinion, I see it similar to the Dollar Tree, low single-digit, continued growth year after year in comp store sales growth. I think both banners should be able to settle into that with no problem. Regarding the new customers, we -- what we're seeing is just overall, it's very similar to new and old, as I shared in the prepared remarks that when the customers are coming into the store, they are shopping with intent. And what we do like to see is they're shopping the entire store in the discretionary side that we are working so hard on to fill that basket, and we're seeing our discretionary side grow with both new and old customers. 
Michael Witynski: Matt, we're all looking forward to 2021. I think -- the way I think about it, I do think that customers, the dynamic in their shopping patterns have changed, and I think it's going to be slow to change. I don't think there's going to be a light switch that's going to turn on and all of a sudden, they'll go back to their old shopping patterns and activity. I think we will keep going after driving that basket size, and when they are in our stores, drive it with intent. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, thanks for the question. It's a great question. We think it's critical. And especially after this year, as you've seen by others and how the customer is really moving into the omnichannel and using that. So we definitely are going to build that capability at both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree. And like we have organized around our Dollar Tree Plus!, we are organizing around our omnichannel business as well. We've got a new leader there, who's got great experience, and we will accelerate our capabilities. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, it's really early. We launched it mid- to late quarter. I would say, we really like the basket size. We like the product that they are buying inside the basket, and we're excited about offering that opportunity to our customers as they shift in some of their behaviors. The beautiful thing is, we've got -- we are 15,000 store chains, and we're conveniently located in their neighborhoods and close to their stores. And then when we combine that with their ability, should they want to buy online or pick up in store or get it delivered at home, we're going to have that capability as well. But it's really early for us, but we do like the basket we're seeing and the mix of the product. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, that's a good question because we think about that a lot. And as a minimum, as you can imagine, the state minimum wages are all over the Board, and it's hard for me to -- it would be a different number by state and geography, but there are probably 6 to 7 states already on their path to that $15 an hour minimum wage that they've announced several years ago, and they're on their path to that.  So our operating teams are absolutely working on driving, first and foremost, in-store efficiencies. You look at -- if you can bring in technology and self-scanning to help leverage some of your resources that way. Our merchants continue to look at merchandising methods through shelf-ready PEQs and then distribution methods. I mean, those are our 3 levers that we can pull: our operators in the store, technology, distribution and the product our merchants are buying are all the things that we actively are going to be working on. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, Mike, thanks for your question on the DT Plus!. As I shared earlier, right now, when you look at relative performance to other stores or prior the challenge we have is when we change to our 2.0 and brought in all our discretionary, it landed right in March. So there was so much noise around other stores and/or themselves that is really hard for us to determine the lift that was associated specifically to these products. And remember, the linear footage, it's still 10% to 11% of the total store. So it's hard to see what this is doing.  But the 2 things we do see, we like the sales that these are -- the product that we're putting in there at the $3 and $5 price point are selling. It's also selling at a much higher-margin because it's discretionary product, and we're able to manufacture these products and bring value to the customer. And then the third thing we can see is the basket size. When one of these items are in the basket, it is twice the basket size when they're not in there. Those are the things that we can see, and it gives us courage to keep moving forward, and we're going to keep on fueling it. 
Michael Witynski: Scot, thanks for the questions. I'll answer the first, the consumable. We are chasing the product and the national brand, and it's the products that our COVID related and manufacturers are still trying to build up capacity. And it's in the paper, the hand sanitizers, the wipes and some consumable-related products. So we -- the inventory levels are improving from April, but they are still not caught up with the demand. So yes, we're still chasing a little bit of that and there's still some upside capacity there. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. And just a little bit more color on -- just a little bit more color on that. Our merchants have worked really hard at providing a much better value at sharper price points and it met the need for the last several months, as Kevin just described. So that is going to be going forward. Our merchants are going to continue to buy better, buy basics and buy great value and supply that to the customer from this point forward. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. So the first one, the reason we're rolling it out, no, we're not limited by proximity to the DCs at all. It's really about bringing in these products into a DC, so you're bringing in and creating slots for the different items. And we're going to do our due diligence and roll this out and test. And the store size was really more related to -- we do not want to impact our single price point assortment that the customers used to in our stores. So we're looking for size of stores right now during the test that doesn't adversely impact that assortment. So that's the only reason we're doing that.  And then -- yes, on your question on the $2 and $4, we're looking for great value at great products. And the $3 and $5 price points seem to resonate more with our customers, and it differentiates itself from the Dollar price point. And we don't want to muddy the water with those in between products. We want to really focus on step changing items that we're selling for $3 and $5 that are really $7 and $10 items anywhere else in retail. So I want to -- we're trying to bring clarity to ourselves, to our merchants and for our customers on the value. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. So I mean, so the obvious one, if it impacts -- if we had adverse implications to comp store sales in the stores and/or margin dollars, and it's not accretive to the business. I mean, that's what we're really looking for is that it's -- this program has to be accretive to sales margin and operating income and that's what our expectations are. 
Michael Witynski: I can't remember one to this level, no. We've got certainly a lot of tests out there that we never went forward with, but no, not to this level. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, that's a great question. But first and foremost, it was a positive low single digits. So we continue to grow our consumable sales. And 9 months ago in March, we were talking about how consumable has always been healthy for the Family Dollar business, and I foresee that continuing to grow. And we're going to keep doing the same thing as we are on the discretionary side.  We're bringing great values. We're going to have the right assortment. We're going to sharpen our price points to be competitive in the marketplace. And we are chasing the inventory. I would say on the consumable side, we are not happy with our everyday in-store stocks on consumables. So we believe that we can build that business going forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Matt, this is Kevin. So obviously, as we went through the quarter, mix was an important component of driving the improved merchandise margin, that and freight. So which again, mix moved about 300 basis points year-over-year towards discretionary, and that really speaks to obviously, things like Halloween, which Mike spoke to, we had a great sell-through; speaks to Crafters Square, which has just been a dynamic element in our stores.  So I think those are important things as we've seen that mix shift a little bit. And maybe a little counterintuitive of the fact that we saw improvement in freight. But you have to remember, a year ago, from a compare standpoint, we saw a pretty big increase a year ago from a surge standpoint, and so our comparisons were maybe a little bit different than some people. So we actually saw a little bit there. So I think that's important at the end of the day.  So -- and again, I think we saw some leverage with the comp on occupancy, which, again, obviously, was a forward comp, we would expect leverage there. But as far as the 35% to 36%, this was our best gross profit in Q3 since, I believe, 2017. It gets us on track to basically, if we continue this type of trend, where we would be able to be in that 35% to 36% range. And again, nothing -- there is no barrier stopping us. So we just have to continue to build the business as we always have, and I think the discretionary side is very strong right now, and I think that's a big benefit as well. 
Kevin Wampler: I think the other thing, Brad, is, obviously, as Mike laid out early this year, focus on discretionary business in the Family Dollar store. And obviously, we've had the pandemic this year, which is obviously muddies the water a little bit, but it's obviously an area that we feel where we can drive new business and convert more customers at the end of the day.  The team continues to work cross-functionally to build out those assortments, and we saw our best Halloween sell-through in the time we've owned Family Dollar this year. So that tells us that we can sell seasonal. It can be a bigger part of the overall business, and it needs to be part of our overall business, a bigger part as we go forward. So it's going to be a continued focus, just like we talked about early this year. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Brad, you're right. This year, about 750, H2. We ended the year expecting to about 1,250, but obviously, COVID kind of gotten in the way of that. We do expect 1,250 additional H2s in 2021 to continue that process forward. It continues to be something that we can build upon. Our customers really like the layout and the offering and the assortment, and it's an important part of the growth as we go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Two really good questions. Thanks for the question, Peter. I think as we look at it, shrink, we did see some nice improvement. Again, it has been a headwind for much longer than it should have been. And as I've stated before, it's been front and center on many people's desks. I would tell you, a good call out for our operators and our asset protection team. We've made progress. We've got some momentum. I would tell you, we are not where we need to be, overall, yet.  Our goal is to be not just good but to be class-leading as it relates to this, and we have more work to do. But the good news is, we have some momentum, which is very, very positive. Do I expect it to be a benefit? I think it could be a benefit as we go forward into Q4, albeit not to the same rate on the Family Dollar side because we were cycling a fairly big increase in the accrual rates in Q3 a year ago, but I do believe there can be some improvement there.  As it relates to freight, I would tell you, while it was a good guide for us in Q3, I expect that to be somewhat tempered in Q4. To your point, again, as I stated earlier on the call, Q3 last year, our freight was significantly high due to surge, costs and just moving trailers. We have seen some of that increase that you just spoke to in the rates. The team -- the transportation team is working really hard to mitigate every dollar they can but I don't expect it to be the same type of benefit in Q4 than it was in Q3. And then we saw more of that on the Dollar Tree side than we did on the Family Dollar side, just from a banner specific side -- I think -- way to think of it. So it's kind of how those 2 items look to play out as we go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. As it relates to flow through, it was a very good month -- or a very good quarter, I should say, in regards to flow through. Obviously, we've got significant leverage across both businesses, and we saw obviously help on the mix, in particular, from both to help gross profit. Generally, as you go into Q4, I would tell you, where I do expect gross profit to improve year-over-year, but not at the same rate as on a consolidated basis as it did in Q3, just based upon some of the things that we won't necessarily repeat, which we've talked about today. So shrink may not be a big of a help and freight may not be as big of a help and things like that. So the flow-through probably won't be quite the same on total gross profit. But in general, Q4 does tend to be a higher discretionary period for Dollar Tree in particular, and we see some of our traditionally some of our highest margin out of all of our four quarters. So some put and takes there. I think, obviously, we expect some improvement. It just won't be the same probably as much as what we saw in Q3. 
Kevin Wampler: Scot, I think your question around discretionary and the strength there, I mean, obviously, I think, one, it does speak a little bit to the pattern of the consumer. They are buying closer to home, and so it's definitely a part of it. But it's really the categories that they're buying itself, right? So people -- as we've talked about, seasonal, in particular, has been good as people try to stay somewhat normal of what's been an unusual period of time, decorate their homes or supplement their soft home and our Family Dollar stores has done well. If you think about that as they kind of resupply their home and things like that and decor.  So a lot of things like that have done very well. Those are things we think we can provide on a regular basis. And I think it gives us the opportunity to show folks what we have in that arena and hopefully convert them to continued shoppers with us as we go forward. So it's a good opportunity as we continue to build out that assortment. 
