Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Jeff. Similar to other retailers you've heard from this earnings season, we are seeing more macro pressures than we did earlier in the year, particularly among our lower-income consumers. Nonetheless, I'm encouraged by our market share momentum and am confident in our outlook for the balance of the year.  Across our enterprise, we are making good progress on our transformation initiatives. As I've said before, we benchmark our operating performance on growing traffic, units and sales per square foot. All three of these metrics are heading in the right direction.  With the steps we're taking to optimize our Family Dollar portfolio, we want to be better positioned to meet the financial and operating objectives of our organization and the expectations of our valued customers and associates.  Relative to our competition, we want to operate from a position of strength at both banners. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the months ahead.  And since we're in the midst of the important holiday season, I also want to take this opportunity to thank our more than 200,000 associates for their dedication in support of our continued growth as an organization.  Operator, with that, Jeff and I are now ready to take questions. 
Richard Dreiling: And Michael, let me add a little more thoughts on getting the 2026 number. We remain very bullish on that. And I think as we look into 2024, what's important is the number of initiatives that we've gotten done in just 1 year are really starting to gain traction. . And let's not lose sight of the fact why the fact that discretionary sales are softer than we all want our consumable sales are excellent, and we're responding to the needs of the consumer.  And when we have the items they want, they're going to come into the store and see the incremental items, the incremental price points on the Dollar Tree side. They're going to see the new shelf profile, and they're going to see the fact that we're more relevant. And that's what gives me great confidence as we look into '24 and beyond. 
Richard Dreiling: And then in regards to Family Dollar and when we should start to see the incremental margin, I think as I reflect on where we're at right now, you think about the incremental SKUs, of which the bulk are OTC and HBA, which all carry higher margin rates, now they tend to be a little more discretionary. . You think about the fact that now private label -- we've already reached our 14%, which carries massive incremental margin. All of that stuff is going to be in place as we roll into 2024, which, again, gives me a lot of comfort on how Family Dollar is going to perform next year.  There's no doubt there's pressure on that consumer. But I've always said the lower-income consumer has the ability to figure it out. And we are offering a better value proposition in Family Dollar than it has ever had. I'm very, very comfortable with the way the box looks, the way it's presented and how the consumer is responding.  And I would add that when we entered quarter 3, the first period of the quarter, our comps were very good in Family Dollar, and we watched them [ erode ] through the period -- through the quarter. So again, we entered it from a very strong position. 
Richard Dreiling: And Paul, I'd like to add to that, that I -- we look -- we are intently focused on three key metrics: Transactions, traffic, whatever you want to call it, unit growth and sales per square footage -- square foot. And those are the things that we want to report on because I believe that drives comp sales and ultimately, growth in the chain. 
Richard Dreiling: Great question. Let's start with the price points. We have Rick McNeely and his team have done an outstanding job of introducing new price points. And you have to remember, Ed, we have to buy these things almost a year in advance in order to get them into the stores. And we're starting to see them arrive. We've actually done a test on Halloween and a number of stores with multi-price candy, and we're really, really excited with what happened with that. Now, it's really important that -- and I've said this frequently, I don't want anyone to think there's going to be 100 different price points in that store. We're going to -- our core price point is still $1.25. And what we're working on, what is the right amount and right number of price points.  And what I can tell you is the consumer is -- it is -- when we broke the $1.25 a year ago, I have to tell you that, that barrier was broken, and now the consumer is very receptive to what's going on.  And when we added an incremental price point, Rick and his team were not adding $1.25 item that's a little bit bigger or a little different at $2. We're adding a different item that has even more value. So there's no SKU overlap, which makes us a little more harder to get executed.  Now we've already done the work. I know what it's going to take to get items into the store, get them marked, priced properly. 40% of our SKUs are coming from overseas, and they're going to add the price point right on the product. So a lot of great work has been done. And I think that's some of what we're seeing is the -- with the multi pricing, we've been able to make the brand more relevant to more people.  And I know it's hard, but the consumable side and the way the team reacted to that, I think, has also proved positive that we're attracting a different customer segment.  Now in regards to future store growth, we are weighing right now, what is the proper mix between Family Dollar and Dollar Tree. Obviously, the Dollar Trees become very profitable very fast, and it appears that we've broadened the demographic appeal of that brand. And I've said this, a well-run Dollar Tree is a pretty powerful retail format. And it's a format that a lot of people would shop in.  And the fact that we're getting our arms on the price points, the fact that we're getting our arms around our store standards is putting us in a position where that brand might be -- we might be able to go to different areas that we've historically stayed away from.  In regards to is it affecting Family Dollar, I would look at you and say, those are two different customer segments. The first thing we did when we got together as a team is realized that the go-to-market strategies for both brands are totally different.  One is the thrill of the treasure hunt in and out, if you run out, I should have bought more versus Family Dollar, which is traditional consumable retailing, where there's an expectation of what has to be in that store, and it's got to be there every time I come in to get it. 
Richard Dreiling: Well, let's go with the easy one. The Dollar Tree cooler doors, we should have done within the next couple of years. Now the [ FTL ] review, we started off with all of our initiatives and the idea being that we get everything in place and see what stores respond and what don't. And what I do want on this exercise, John, is not everyone to get ahead of me because I do think this is a very healthy thing to do and it's a timely thing to do.  There will be some stores that will relocate, maybe some stores will close, maybe some stores will rebanner. But I do not have any of that information at this stage of the game. I've always prided myself on being transparent, and all I'm trying to do is tell the world we're taking a look at it.  And I do think it's prudent. And I do think -- I don't want anyone to misconstrue that I'm not totally behind Family Dollar because I am. And I don't want anyone to think that, that doesn't mean we're not going to grow Family Dollar because I'm not saying that at all. It's simply a matter of reallocating assets to where we think we can be more productive. 
Richard Dreiling: And the one thing I'd add to that, Matt, while we think -- we saw things soften in October, I'm knocking on wood here thank God, we had our initiatives in place because while it softened, it could have been a lot worse. And I'm very pleased how we got ourselves through that quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: I would say -- I mean, I would look at you and say, Dollar Tree has always had a broad appeal. And I think what we're seeing, what we're focused on is the fact that we're seeing a trade down in the Dollar Tree. I would say, the customer base is essentially the same. There's been no erosion in the lower-income strata, but the growth, undoubtedly, is coming from the higher income, $125,000 a year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. In regards to the top line, in regards to our pricing position, so first thing I would say, our pricing in Family Dollars as good as it's ever been. And we measure our pricing on a full book basis and what we call key value items. And key value items are the most sensitive items out there.  And we do these checks every month, and we do them across multiple channels, so big box as well as small box, as well as drug, as well as grocery. And we're very, very comfortable where we're at. We're right around -- right on the mark at 100% in both, which means we have price parity.  And I believe -- and why we've been in this for a year now, I do believe the consumer is starting to respond to that. And remember, we had very powerful consumable growth in quarter 3 in the Family Dollar brand. It's the consumable side where that consumer is feeling that pressure.  And I think you asked me a little bit about deflation. I would look at you and say, deflation will put us in a position where I think the consumer would be able to afford more discretionary items. So we'll take it as it comes. And of course, it should help us with our margin at the same time. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Chuck, the first question, I would rather not comment at this stage of the game as the process is underway and we have started it. And I will disclose more of that as we get -- when we get into the March call. But let's say this, obviously, it's an opportunity for us that we intend to address head on. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would say we're in the early innings, but I do feel we're making headway. The deal is that we take a physical inventory once a year. So if you make these improvements, these adjustments, you still have to wait in order to see them -- see the fruits of your labor.  Now I can tell you, we've eliminated certain SKUs in certain stores. We've put items behind the check stand counter. We've moved certain items up front, so they have a line of sight to the cashier. And the important thing is we haven't affected our sales.  And I might also say, we've put in, and I forgot to mention this, an anti-sweep OTC panel that's basically like sliding doors. And you move -- it doesn't lock the counter up, but you move that little door over and you could only pull one item out at a time, which prevents a thief from coming in and cleaning out the whole shelf.  So we think we're going to make progress. And I don't think it's -- we're going to have to cycle through everything. So it's not like it's going to be an overnight change. but I do believe we're moving in the right direction without having to lock product up. 
Richard Dreiling: So on the Dollar Tree side, all it will do is enhance the margin because you basically have a fixed price point, so we end up getting the goods cheaper. So I can say that it could be a benefit. It might have fixed the top line a little, but it should be a benefit.  To the Family Dollar side, I would look and say it might affect the top line. But again, I can make an argument, it should enhance the margin line. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. And again, I'd add, if we do have deflation, it allows us to invest more in the value of the product and actually give the consumer something a little bit additional. 
Jeffrey Davis: I appreciate your question. The first part of your question regarding the longer-term outlook, the economic environment that we're in today, we believe that we're managing through. You see the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar continue to take market share, they're doing well across consumables.  We believe that many of the actions that we're still sort of developing and will be put into action as we go through the fourth quarter into next year will help improve our top line, especially with a customer who is looking for additional value opportunities.  This is -- we're early in the transformation. We believe that the actions we're taking that we feel strongly will continue to move us forward to our longer-term outlook. There's a lot that's going to happen between now and 2026, and there really isn't a real crystal ball there, but we remain resolute in our outlook.  As it relates to 2024, I think that the way you're thinking about this from a standpoint on a sort of pro forma no growth, no incremental basis, yes, $7 of EPS when you take all the puts and takes between our forecast for this year. Remember, you've got to back up the 53rd week, which is about $0.30 in that. But we feel that that's a good starting point as you think about our 2024 outlook.  We remain very confident in our ability to pick up the additional dollar in freight and EPS. There may be some additional upside to that, based upon what we're currently trending. And the actions that we're taking and the returns that we believe we will get from the initiatives that we've started this year will continue to develop as we move forward, that's a good starting point for you. 
Jeffrey Davis: Very good. I think, and the way I was trying to respond to Michael's point from a standpoint of what's the starting point for FY '24 as he was kind of putting together the components, if you assume once again -- I think the view is looking at -- assuming a no growth, no incremental investment year, you would be starting off with a point that would be roughly $6.80 to $7 of EPS, assuming where we believe we'll end this year plus the additional dollar of freight and then once again, the other puts and takes around the 53rd week, which comes off as well as some of those discrete items we had this year as it relates to West Memphis, OTC and general liability.  But we believe that we will have the opportunity to grow our business from there. We're not giving guidance for 2024 as of yet. But I think that people are focused on the right components that get you to a starting point and then what your assumptions are based upon how you think our initiatives will continue to take hold and grow from there. 
Jeffrey Davis: Paul, I guess the way we think about it, we really -- the balance of the comp has really been between ticket and traffic. It's been pretty consistent in its makeup. It's been around 50-50. What we've seen here more recently is ticket has dropped off as that customer has been a little more challenged.  We're continuing to see that going into the fourth quarter, thus our guidance of down 1% to plus 1%. We're not prepared to start getting into AUR and other further -- [ by-section ] of it. But as we think about traffic and ticket, it's going to -- we think we're going to have traffic probably driving more of the comp, offset by some ticket pressure. 
Jeffrey Davis: And Ed, just to add, in the prepared comments, we had mentioned the fact that a lot of the growth that's happening in Dollar Tree is actually coming from that higher-income customer, where we're attracting 4.3 million new customers on a year-over-year basis. A lot of these customers are in that income demographic of $125,000 or greater, and we're capturing that basket. 
Jeffrey Davis: There was a question regarding the Family Dollar comps. The Family Dollar comps during the course of the quarter, they softened as we went through the quarter. We started off with a nice pace.  October was the most challenged month of the quarter. And you'll see that, that was across all retail. We were essentially flat in that particular month. And our guidance for Q4 was reflecting the fact that, that has continued to soften for us, and that's the guidance of down 1% to plus 1% for the entire quarter. 
Jeffrey Davis: I reflect back on this, for Dollar Tree, had a very strong consumable performance but also better than a 1% comp in discretionary and still showing growth on a -- it's a sizable growth on a year-over-year basis in discretionary. The lower-end customer -- lower-income customer, we're probably seeing more of their dollar in consumables, which is good because we're continuing to capture units and share there. The higher-income customers supporting us in that discretionary as well as in consumable areas with respect to the multi-price also. So it's a combination of both those customers as Thanksgiving has a strong performance across the Dollar Tree banner. 
Jeffrey Davis: Just to add one final point. With respect to the work that Larry and his team is doing in private brands is something that's really important for us. The ability to drive greater value for that customer, give [ her ] other options, this is something that we're really just fully getting implemented here in the fourth quarter, going into '24.  So we believe that as that customer is looking for greater value, they have more options within our private brands. It's an opportunity for us to improve our margins. And to the extent that there is sort of price deflation, there's opportunity that can actually provide even more value as we think about how we assort that particular product line. 
Jeffrey Davis: And then, Chuck, I think your question is around Q4 and as we think about gross margins, let me take it Dollar Tree first. We would expect our margins to continue to expand in gross margins in the fourth quarter, largely driven by additional freight, the mix shift, a stronger mix of discretionary as you would normally have more seasonally.  The other impact there is that as we had mentioned, we've taken approximately 90% of our inventories, we have the remaining 10%. While we don't expect that remaining 10% to have any different outcomes than we had in the past, the impact on the quarter is much less because you're only talking about a small portion of your inventories on a much larger portion of your overall performance. So our expectation is for further gross margin expansion for Dollar Tree in the fourth quarter.  We also believe that, that opportunity is there for Family Dollar also for many of the same reasons as it relates to freight, less of an impact of shrink on the quarter as well as some opportunities that we have within distribution. So we'd expect margin expansion -- gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter also for Family Dollar. 
Jeffrey Davis: It also gives the opportunity for that customer to take those dollars. And our customer today is limiting their purchases, maybe more in consumables, less in discretionary. The additional disposable income that they would have would allow them to pick up an additional discretionary that they didn't have before. 
