Gary Philbin: Thank you, Kevin. Again, I'm pleased with our performance for the fourth quarter and throughout 2017. I'm extremely proud of our combined Family Dollar and Dollar Tree teams. We continue to make meaningful progress to grow and improve our business. We're well-positioned in the most attractive sector of retail to deliver continued growth and increase value for our long-term shareholders.  Our company is now a diversified combination of 6,600 single price point Dollar Trees and 8,100 neighborhood Family Dollar stores, each with its unique ability to effectively serve more customers through all types of markets. This combination of 2 great brands provides great flexibility in managing our growth.  I would like to describe our investment in the business that Kevin detailed by line item in his comments. Our view is to take a portion of the tax savings to invest in the business while the majority of the savings will drop to our bottom line earnings and positively drive earnings per share. This is a unique opportunity to invest where our customers will see the greatest impact when they shop at Family Dollar or Dollar Tree store.  We're going to invest in our people. I believe hiring more associates at store level, driving more hours into our stores, will create a better shopping experience. As you've heard us describe before, a direct link to our store managers who can best drive the business for their stores and be rewarded with higher bonuses. We will approach this with the same discipline to invest in the right seasons and weeks of the month like we would do any other project and we'll measure it as we put the hours into specific stores.  Also, training for associates at store level, primarily for our store managers that have such great influence on their teams and our success, our best store managers, almost without exception, are run by our veteran store teams led by great store managers.  Investing in rates of pay. The current levels of unemployment in some geographies have put pressure on wages. Both at our distribution centers and stores, we believe we can find the right levels to keep and attract the best people to drive our success. The productivity that our experienced associates drive into our business delivers a bottom line result that we've been proud to report.  Investing in associate benefits, smaller in scale, but just as important, call us to establishing a maternity leave program with details to be soon announced to our full-time associates. And including our Family Dollar team members in our profit-sharing program.  Investing in our families that provides service to their families and their neighborhoods, will make Dollar Tree, Family Dollar the employer of choice in the communities we serve. Our profit-sharing program contributes to our full-time associates and directly links our company goals to drive shareholder value to the teams that drive customer engagement.  We will also be investing in certain Family Dollar store stores that need to be brought up to brand standard. We're investing in these specific areas of our business because we believe they will drive our business and create a better opportunity for our stores to perform across a spectrum of customer engagement scores that reflect our brand standard. I'm counting on our teams to be able to drive a better shopping experience and more sales.  Finally, I recently joined our global sourcing teams on their important post holiday overseas buying trip, it was with both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar merchants, and a successful trip, and we met our planned margin goals. Our teams continue to effectively develop our direct to factory partnerships, shop the market and procure great values and improve our supply chain and quality control standards.  Dollar Tree is well recognized and well respected overseas as a successful growth retailer. Our company has developed experience and expertise in sourcing, and we are leveraging these assets across all banners.  The retail environment ever-changing provides both banners' opportunities to take advantage of our customers' wants and needs.  Our management team has demonstrated over the years the ability to be nimble and deliver results when challenged by the external environment. Our initiatives of both banners have helped to deliver on sales, margins, expense control and ultimately, customer satisfaction.  We're proud of the progress we have made and enthusiastic about the opportunities ahead of us.  Operator, we're now ready for questions. 
Gary Philbin: Thanks, Robbie. If I were to take a look at Q4, you saw some of the categories. On the Dollar Tree side, our seasons -- and punctuated really by the Christmas season, the biggest holiday we have, was just terrific. Credit to the assortment, the excitement in stores, it showed up with great sell-through and we could not have been more pleased with the seasons. And we sort of have always laid down that -- the hurdle we want to jump every year, as every season we come to, we want to jump over it. And certainly, the team did that in the fourth quarter. And for Dollar Tree, it continued into really to Valentine's, a little bit of a smaller holiday, but just a great impact there. And so I would say our -- the mix that you saw in the fourth quarter, consumables and discretionary, saw a better race for each other that we're comping great, so that mix has continued into the beginning of this year. So we're going to overcome, work our tail off on early Easter with winter storms still hitting both coasts. Not thrilled with what March does to an Easter holiday. But I think on the Dollar Tree business, we see the same kind of momentum. At Family Dollar, we did a lot of re-dos this year. We -- if you went into our Family Dollar store, you saw more brands around toys and some of our reinvention of what our customers saw there. And the customer responded favorably. So some of that was a trade up. So we continue to refine our business around the holiday. The consumables is driving the business at Family Dollar. As always, it's the magic of bringing in the seasons, the Wow, whatever we can do there. Now we go into the beginning of this year, we're driven a lot by the tax credits that our customers get. They backed up another few days this year. And so we're really at the beginning of that. So we'll see how our customer responds through March with a few more dollars in her pocket as we go through March. As far as wage pressure, it's hard for us to see a difference in comps. I would say it's more driven by, if we deliver great value in our stores, no matter what neighborhood, we tend to get a lift in that community and that store. So our investment in our people, that I outlined, really, I think, speaks to our opportunity to continue to drive our business by having folks well trained, staff in store, drive the shopping experience. And for both banners, I think when we put those links together, we end up in a good place. 
Gary Philbin: Well, it certainly puts pressure on our lower end customer. It's gas prices, rents are up in most markets. You always -- you're never tickled when you know that your customers are under pressure on those things. But I can't tell you that it's affecting us in terms of basket because we've seen that tend to grow at both banners. Family Dollar traffic, a little flatter than Dollar Tree. So we're still split between an urban customer that probably is more walk-in and more mass transit versus rural that does have to get into a car. So I would say it's hard to define what we're seeing on gas prices affect the customer right now. I do know this, it's a few more bucks out of their pocket. It's a few more bucks out of their pocket on rent. So we're very focused on the values up and down the store shelves. 
Gary Philbin: Thanks, John. I think on the first piece, I think you're spot on. I mean, you've heard all that CapEx initiatives, and we're very disciplined on every dollar we put out on the CapEx side, either at stores or frozen food or adult beverage. All those are measured with ROIs. Now we're going to invest in people with $100 million. And we're going to go into it with the same sort of business savvy that says, "Where do we get a $1.50 back if we invest $1?" It doesn't always work quite that way. I think our investment in our people ought to show up with better run stores, stores that are better in stock. Stores that -- around seasons, around first of the month, have what our customer needs. So some of this is a downstroke, in my mind, to help us get our stores on a trajectory. And while everybody is doing some of this, we are in the value sector that I think we have the best chance to have our customer respond more quickly to it. So we're going to measure it. It's going to be targeted by -- just as I said, it's going to be sometimes down to the weeks of the month around key holidays. It's going to be targeted to specific stores that we think we can drive additional business in. So we're going to track it. It's just maybe not as clean as we track our capital projects as we go through the year. The freight side is a real thing right now and it's a component really of some of the driver shortages that we'll see how long that lasts and where we are on diesel fuel. Diesel fuel is sort of back to the future, 2015, we're almost starting to the same price per gallon. It leveled out. We'll see what happens this year. I'd like to think maybe there's some relief in the back half of the year. The driver piece is a little more complicated for all of our third-party partners. They've got to find enough folks to service. We certainly have commitments who'll follow them. I think we're a great customer to have. We can put a lot of folks to work in that arena and we serve a known quantity. And we're growing. And I think the growth that we can give folks as they pitch their wagon to our engine is at least a place for us to build a future that allows us to leverage that. But near term, we're going to have to overcome this freight piece. So we're looking and asking our logistics team inside, part of it's transportation, how do we make DCs more productive? I mean, when we hit these bumps in the road from an external force on the outside, it's all hands on deck. And so we've given you our best forecast on what we know baked-in, and now we're going to work our tails off to overcome it. 
Gary Philbin: Thank you, Matt. No, listen, I'll start off by saying, we can always do better. And one comp for the quarter at Family Dollar, quite frankly, we went in with plans that we would do more. But I sort of back up and say, what are the things that are going to drive comp for the Family Dollar business, it comes down to the merchandise. So everything you've heard us talk about on the marketing and merchandising plans is getting back to the EDLP. Winning back customers that have confidence in us on pricing. Private brands, more import, you've heard us talk about those things. It's all under our Smart Ways to Save. The other piece that's a slower burn is we've got to change some of the stores that the customers see. So it's really a 2-prong attack. One piece is let's get new stores out there. So this year there's another 300 new stores that will be next-generation stores. The renovations, we are pleased with last year, we accelerated. We'll do more this year. And I think over time, that's what's going to change both the productivity on sales per square foot and continue to help the margin mix and enhancement as we get the stores that start to sell a better mix of product. So it's a combination of what we can do tactically on merchandise, marketing, touching our customers. Strategically, it's also about how we have to get the right store format across our network, across 8,200 stores, and many of them older than some of you on the call. And so it's going to be a time over -- that we get to change those and change neighborhood by neighborhood on our customer. I think what you see on the margin piece, we need comps. Sales solve all issues. And that's the focus of the Family Dollar merchandising team. Keep changing and work on the mix, drive cost, create value, and over time, get the excitement in the merchandising so that the need starts to change as well. That's still the vision we started off with. We haven't changed our thinking at all. It is maybe sometimes slower than we would like, I know that. But it's the combination of what we see on new store renovations, new stores. And maybe the last exclamation on sales per square foot, it's also how many stores we put into densely populated urban areas because they react distinctly different than a rural, small-town Family Dollar. And so we're working on both sides of that coin to say, "How do we drive productivity in both of them in the mix of new stores that come out on any given year?" 
Gary Philbin: And I would just add, maybe what's changed is the investment that we're talking about is obviously, going to affect op income with the flow-through coming down to EPS. But I really think the downstroke on improving the shopping experience is going to be the magic sauce for us as we continue to improve both banners and what the shopping experience can be for both. 
Gary Philbin: No, Karen, I would tell you that whether there was tax reform or not, our CapEx number did not change, basically. We did not make any changes to our decisions of how we were investing in our CapEx related to tax reform. These projects were already in -- on the planning board and in the -- in-flight stages, basically, prior to tax reform. So it did not have an impact on our decisions related to that. 
Gary Philbin: Dan, this is Gary. Well, I think you're right. I mean, with the efforts we've made on the synergy side and like items, really, both merchandising teams did a great job getting us out of the blocks quickly on that piece. You referenced the import piece, which -- we've had a couple of buying cycles now. But I still view there's an opportunity there to find the right suppliers, more factory direct to help us -- it's sort of a 2-pronged effect. One, you get better cost. And secondly, you can find some really exciting product, which is part of the merchandising energy we want to keep working on for both banners and get going on the Family Dollar side. Those are the types of things that I think will help drive comps. Our price checks, we're more competitive than we were when we started this journey. And we're not going to -- if we're going to -- I can't read the future. We're not going to work in a vacuum. I think as we see the environment right now, certainly, it's not the same noise that we heard at the beginning of the year as we saw lots of activity mainly on the grocery side. And I think for our side, the values that we want to present to our customer, what she buys most often in a Family Dollar are the items that we want to be right on, both on the shelf and then on promotional. So it's partially when do we invest in that on the add to give it -- a customer savings above and beyond with a price drop, part of it's what's on the shelf and part of it is also what she gets on her app now. Because with 5 million folks signed up, it's that customer information that I think, over the long run, gives us another arrow in our quiver on giving our customers exactly what they need on the purchase cycles they're on. So we're going to go into this year, we have a great marketing plan. We have our thoughts around how we want to reflect pricing, both every day on shelf and what gets put into the cycles, with both our partners on the vendor side, along with what we want to drive on private brands and imports. So it's a long way of saying, we're going to drive our business really by segment of the market in a way that we think is appropriate. And we've got more than one way of doing that as we go into '18. 
Gary Philbin: Chuck, let me just give my color on maybe a 40,000-foot level. But I think our merchants on both sides, we really see a sight line to exciting product both on imports. And I think continue to drive value with our domestic partners that ought to show up on our shelves in both banners. The pressure on the freight site, like I started off with, we're really going to work very hard to overcome this every way we know how to overcome what seems to be, and hopefully, is something that's a, this year issue. And we'll see. But at least it's upon us now and we're going to work hard on that. On the SG&A side, obviously, we are investing on the labor side and we're going to see the natural pressure. But we're investing in it to maybe get ahead of it. All I know for sure is that when I got good store managers and folks and field managers that are in stores driving the excitement, we do better. And that's really the downstroke we're making to get ahead of it. And I'm betting on our store teams to rise to the occasion and really drive the results that can help us overcome whatever's out there on the SG&A side. But part of it is just selling the right mix of product to help us on the freight side, too. So that's the plan as we go into '18. 
Gary Philbin: No, I don't think I've -- I'm always concerned about our customers and how she's shopping. I think my reference point was on the tax credit refunds that are happening. They were pushed back about another week from last year. And so it's the 13th holiday we have at Family Dollar on top of the other 12 first-of-the-months. So we're at the beginning of that holiday really and that was my reference point in talking about the Family Dollar customer. On the Dollar Tree side, man, she's loving everything we're doing on the holidays right now. Kudos to our team. But the energy in the Dollar Tree stores really feels good and showing up on our seasonal holiday sales. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. No, I would tell you, Matt, I don't think anything has changed from a flow-through perspective. If anything, I think over time, we would continue to see flow-through improve on the Family Dollar side. Obviously, this quarter, we saw gross profit improve significantly. Our outlook basically takes into consideration it continuing to improve to some level next year. So I think the flow-through is fine. So again, as we think about our fixed costs and what it takes to leverage those, I think we're still in that -- probably that 2% to 3% range roughly. And again, it varies quarter-to-quarter, and so I always want to think of it on an overall basis. And it's -- so I would tell you, in that 2%, 3% range on a normal basis without a -- the large investment that we're making this year. 
Kevin Wampler: You're directionally correct on the 2017 year, excluding the 53rd week. We would tell you that's probably right around that 8.85% adjusted. And then excluding the $100 million, basically, yes, we would be showing improved operating margin. So that's part of the investment we've made. So that's the pressure point battle as well as the freight. But yes, the operating margin without the $100 million would be increased year-over-year. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, thanks, Scot. As we think about the operating margin for our Family Dollar business, as we've said, we do expect to see continued improvement in our overall product margin. We've done a good job the last half of this year controlling our markdowns in a much better way, as we go forward, we'd look to continue that. So I think that's an important aspect of it. That will help, hopefully, more than offset. And we'd actually look for our gross profit to increase in our Family Dollar banner in 2018. And then, obviously, the SG&A is under a little bit of pressure from the fact of the reinvestment. And if you look at the overall reinvestment of about $100 million, it's slanted about 60% Family Dollar, about 40% Dollar Tree. So we'd have to take that into consideration. So I think, on an overall basis, we would look at operating margin to be probably flat to up a little bit in our Family Dollar business. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, as we've spoke to synergies, again, the expectation is the achievement of the $300 million run rate by the end of 3 years, which would be July of 2018. And again, we've called out the reinvestment which was roughly $300 million and we've stated to spend more CapEx than OpEx. And -- but yes, we're on track. The -- no major changes in the cost side of that. It's pretty much winding down. We did announce an additional up to 50 rebanners again this year from Family Dollar to Dollar Tree. So there will be a little bit of CapEx there that will continue to flow through, but it's down to fairly minimal amounts. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Again, as we noted in our comments, we had a forgivable promissory note related to the State of Connecticut that once certain things were met, it became forgivable. So that has been on our books as a debt instrument, basically. And it was forgiven, so it comes through other income, basically -- nonoperating income. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Yes, I think as we look at it, gross margin, obviously, we look at the product margin itself to be positive as we go into 2018. And obviously, the pressure point is the freight. We look at markdowns to be an area again where we can continue to make some inroads and how we operate there. And again, that's more Family Dollar dominated than it is Dollar Tree, as you might imagine. So that's a piece of it. I think, otherwise, it will also help us to have distribution and occupancy costs. And you heard Gary say this, we'd look at the moving pieces of supply chain. While we know there's pressure on the transportation side, we know we need to get more productivity through our buildings. And so that will be one of the places we'll be looking to improve for the year as well. But as we look at our gross profit overall, there -- we're looking -- at the midpoint of the guidance, there will be some pressure on that of probably 20, 30 bps, basically. On the SG&A side, I think it's going to obviously come down to, again, how it kind of all looks at the end of the day from the standpoint of how we're able to drive sales and leverage it. And again, with the investment, there is some pressure there. So I think at the end of the day, we'll see a little bit more pressure on SG&A. And I would hope that we can drive some sales and leverage them a little bit better from that. I mean, that is part of -- to Gary's point, speaking to the reinvestment into the company is one of the things we're looking for to drive sales to help leverage the fixed costs as we go forward. 
