Kevin Wampler: Max, this is Kevin. Obviously, we're not at a point to specifically speak to those type of metrics at this point in time. I mean, as Bob pointed out, there is a lot of integration work being done. The team's comprised of folks from both organizations working very hard, determining where the efficiencies can be gained and taking the best practices from both companies and looking at the way we can improve. So obviously, when we talk about -- we've talked about the $300 million run rate synergies at the end of year 3, and beyond what we've said today, we're not really ready to say anything else as it relates to specific numbers of the ongoing combined organization. 
Kevin Wampler: Chuck, I think, as we look at it in 2015, we've got -- thinking about the fact that as we've said, freight rates in general are going to continue to be higher for us in the sense that we took certain rate increases last year for certain distribution centers. We have some distribution centers this year that will take rate increases as well. Obviously, the offset is -- a partial offset is the fact that diesel is, today, running roughly $2.90 versus running, I think, last year in Q4 it was about $3.85. So it is down significantly which is the help to offset it. I think we look at the fact that we want to continue to drive sales. You've seen the -- we had some great success this year with investing in some brand products that -- our wow items to our consumers, the brands they know, brands that they love to be able to get at the dollar price point, and emergence has done a great job of sourcing those items and putting them in. So I think we'll continue to look at that at driving sales. I think  on an overall basis, next year, I think again at a low- to -- to low, mid-single digit comp, we expect to see a little bit of leverage on occupancy, as we have traditionally, in the last few years. So I think, overall, depending on where freight comes out, I think we're looking at gross profit flat and to up or down 10 basis point is kind of the way we think about it. And again, it's always about managing through the business where there are items that our freights' up. We got to find ways to offset that within our business model, and that's the way we're always thinking about it. 
Kevin Wampler: I think just to give you some direction, so if we think about inbound and outbound rates, and then there's obviously the fuel component, the actual inbound and outbound rates are probably about 80% of the overall cost, with the fuel piece being about 20%. So obviously, as we've talked about rates going up, fuel being a smaller piece, but going down, so realistically, if rates continue as we expect them, we will not be able to offset all of that rate increase with the fuel decrease as we see it right now. So that's why we've said within the guidance, we project that we'll -- there is headwind from freight cost throughout the year. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, it is. So you would have seen, for example, in this quarter in the table, the income statement, you saw the -- in the adjustment column, there was $45.8 million of interest-related cost related to the financing that was excluded, so yes. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, I think one thing I would speak to as it relates to the fourth quarter is the fact that if you look at the quarter we're comparing against last year, last year's comp, a year ago fourth quarter comp was 1.2%. So obviously, we underperformed. Obviously, much of that was weather-driven at that point in time, but it affected the incentive compensation line items. It was a benefit basically to the P&L at the end of the day. This year, we obviously over-performed. So there is a dichotomy between the 2 quarters we're comparing at the end of the day from an SG&A standpoint. So I think that's the biggest driver of why we see that. You would notice that, for the year, we still leveraged SG&A by 40 basis points for the year on our 4.3% comp. So I don't think the leverage point necessarily has changed overall as it relates to SG&A. I think it was much more of a comparability issue year-over-year for that quarter as it relates to incentive-based comp. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I think the demographics are Middle-America. It's people looking for value. It's -- in addition to that, it's small businesses, it's organizations that need larger quantities, that may need full-case quantities. Our average ticket on the online business is much higher. It's much higher than it is in our stores. So it's really a broad swathe of Middle America with small business and organizations and schools and individuals that just may need a little extra for a party or to see the great value that we have. In addition to that, Max, it's a terrific opportunity for us to connect with our customers directly, to understand who our customers are, to communicate through our Value Seekers Club to know who they are, what they want, what they want to buy, and to share with them our upcoming promotional events, what's new in our stores and just the Dollar Tree and Deal$ story. So it's -- really, it serves both means to sell product, to serve the customer, and also to continue to drive on the Dollar Tree brand. 
Bob Sasser: Sure, I'll be happy to do that. We -- first of all, we end of the year with 219 Deal$ stores, and we don't break out our comps separately, but I would tell you that our comps were single-digit positive in our Deal$ stores. As the trend has been, we have a merchandise mix of both consumables and discretionary products that does more consumable than discretionary in our Deal$ stores. It's -- in the fourth quarter, of course with all of the holiday needs and all the holiday priority merchandise that we have in those stores, consumables were 56.4%, which is down a little bit. It's usually about 60%, and our non-consumables, up a little bit, 43.6%. So because of the holiday, we're able to sell a little more discretionary and seasonal product in our Deal$ stores. The basket, the average ticket basket, when we had items that are greater than $1, it was $15.62 and more than half of all transactions, 52.3% had items greater than $1 in them. So our customers are understanding the merchandise and are understanding the assortment. They're responding appropriately. Average unit retail, average retail of one item that they bought was $3.35 in our Deal$ stores, and the greater than $1 item represented 51% of the Deal$ total sales. I will tell you that our strongest sales growth comps by category in the Deal$ business in fourth quarter were Christmas textiles, cleaning supplies, household plastics, had a terrific quarter, and our electronics department, driven by phone and tablet accessories did very well in the fourth quarter. 
Bob Sasser: I think so. We haven't run those models yet, what -- as opposed to -- what we've done is we've taken the -- our real estate model and ran the Family Dollar stores through them to especially on the lower-performing Family Dollar stores to see how they would perform as a Dollar Tree, and we've -- that's been our first priority, was to take a look at the Family Dollar underperforming Family Dollar Stores that would perform better as Dollar Tree stores, but Deal$, certainly, Deal$ to Family Dollar, Family Dollars to Deal$, certainly could be a part of the future also. 
Bob Sasser: Well, Chuck, we watch the industry trends carefully, and of course, we're compliant with all the state and federal regulations. But I'll tell you, outside of complying with the continued changes in the regulations, we've made no plans for a sweeping change to our minimum wage rates. But we will continue to pay competitive wages, market by market, just as we always have done based on the prevailing rates. And as always, we'll work very hard to offset any wage increases and cost increases, in general, through increased sales and productivity enhancing initiatives that we've always been able to find. 
Bob Sasser: Well, that's a very subtle change in the language, but I will tell you, we factor in -- as always, we factor in the guidance, especially the first quarter when you're looking out across a whole year of guidance, and you don't know what's coming at you, so you're always looking at what -- where the rocks in the road may be. So you factor in what you know and what you could expect, and what possibly could happen, and you throw that against how you feel about the strength of the business and the momentum that you have going into the year and all the values that we know that we have planned, the promotions that we have planned. So I will tell you that, I guess, you could read that, as we are excited about our business. I can tell you that first quarter initiatives are more exciting than probably they've ever been. You've heard me say that before, but there really is an excitement about our business, our Dollar Tree business as we look forward into 2015. It's just the uncertainty out there. So what we've tried to do is sort of -- more than sort of. We'll try to just describe to you all the factors that we consider to go into our guidance, and at the same time, we'll tell you that we are absolutely positioned, dead in the crosshairs of where the value customer, and they're all value customers now, but where the value customers is going, and we're more relevant than ever. I can't tell you that I can -- I don't have any empirical data, but the wind feels a little bit to our -- back in the value sector right now with lower gasoline prices and lower energy prices and lower diesel fuel prices, and there's just a lot of lowers there that tend to help us as we accelerate our momentum going into the year. That having said, we would be remiss if we didn't also point out the uncertainties that we see out there. So our guidance is our guidance. I'd like for you to believe it. I'd like for you to -- we have a -- I've always tried to earn credibility with our guidance and to factor in all that we know the best we can. 
Bob Sasser: Well, we've always, for years and years, we've said 7,000 Dollar Tree stores, and I think that was probably if we were to update it today, we would say that that's probably on the low side, but 7,000 Dollar Tree stores in the U.S. Our Deal$ brands adds to that. We've never quantified it, but our Deal$ brand is in addition to the 7,000 Dollar Tree stores. And in Canada, 1,000 Dollar Tree Canada stores is -- we feel very good about growing over time to 1,000 stores in Canada. The combined growth, all I can tell you there, so far, since we have not closed on the Family Dollar deal is what's in the public documents out there that you've seen, as well as everyone else, I guess. And Family Dollar said, I think, 15,000 stores is their potential. So if you take the 15 and add the 7 plus, the 1, 23,000 stores, sound like might be the right math on that. By the way, I think the combination of Family Dollar and Dollar Tree is -- I've said it before, it's complementary. One does not trump the other. So we can continue to grow the Dollar Tree brand in addition to growing the Family Dollar brand at the appropriate pace over time. 
Bob Sasser: Let me see if I understood the question, but what we've done on format optimization, we've taken the Family Dollar locations and we've run them through our real estate model, as if we were looking for a new Dollar Tree store, and our real estate model then predicts the success, the productivity of that store format. We started with the lowest performing Family Dollar stores, I forget how many hundred, but it was hundreds, and we've run those through our models to come up with the initial number of stores that would benefit, we think, from moving from a Family Dollar brand to the Dollar Tree brand. In other words, the stores would be more productive and more profitable likely because they serve -- they are more focused on the appropriate customer. Some of the Family Dollar Stores that moved into the suburban markets over recent years are in that group. They don't do quite as well in the suburban markets. Dollar Tree does much better in the suburban markets. So that's how we looked at it. We haven't really looked the other way yet because until we close, we won't have access to all of that data on the Family Dollar side to be able to run the Dollar Tree Stores through the Family Dollar data but... 
