Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. While we are pleased with the Family Dollar's team's same-store sale increase of 1.9% for the quarter, we recognize there is much more work to be done. As we make progress on improving the consistency of execution across our store base and accelerate our efforts to optimize the real estate portfolio, we see great opportunity to improve Family Dollar's productivity and performance in 2019 and beyond. We are very bullish on our progress to date and believe this will help transform our customer experience. Regarding Family Dollar sales highlights for the first quarter. An increase in average ticket drove the same-store sales increase in the quarter, partially offset by a decline in transaction count. Consumables performed very well, delivering its 10th consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales, and the discretionary business was slightly negative.  Regarding the cadence of comps during the quarter. February was negative, impacted by the shift of early SNAP sales into Q4. March was slightly positive, and April was the strongest month of the quarter, benefiting from the later Easter in 2019.  7 of our 8 lines of businesses comped positive for the quarter. From a regional perspective, 6 of our 7 zones comped positive, with the strongest performance in the Northeast, the West and the Southeast zones.  As evidenced by our improved sales performance, our acceleration of initiatives to optimize the Family Dollar real estate portfolio is delivering results. We are seeing meaningful improvement in operational performance across the footprint of renovated Family Dollar Stores, resulting in increased traffic and low double-digit comp sales lifts.  We are pleased with the results of our H2 renovation program, both with traffic and the diversity of our locations. Comps are being driven 2/3 by traffic and 1/3 by average ticket. Customer feedback has included the following. Customers indicate they're shopping more often and spending more for the improved assortment. Broader selection of $1 items, more frozen and refrigerated product and cleaner stores. Our survey feedback indicates H2 shoppers have a better overall shopping experience. More than half of the H2 stores -- shoppers indicate they'll come back and spend more. In May, we closed 140 stores, and we'll close another 150 by the end of July. We're making progress on our previously announced plans.  Given the results we're seeing from our store optimization initiative, we're confident it will allow us to drive substantial improvement in the quality and performance of the Family Dollar portfolio and create long-term value.  We're also in the process of consolidating our store support center. This is -- this project will be completed over the next few months and provide us great opportunity as an organization. We will benefit from the stability it provides and from the enhanced communication, collaboration and teamwork to provide our store teams with greater support. I will now turn the call to Kevin to provide more detail on our first quarter performance and our updated outlook for 2019. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Yes. Thanks, Gary. Thank you, Robby, for your question. As Gary stated, we're pretty excited about the success we've had to date. It's very exciting to see customers as well as our team members when you walk these stores. It's not uncommon to get hugs and thanks from both customers and store people because the people really enjoy the store environment. So we're very excited about it.  Just one other thing I've noticed that we did fix the adjacencies of these stores to make our shopping experience much easier and thoughtful for our customer. And as we added the freezer and cooler doors with primarily food and dairy, we also added 6 doors of immediate-consumption products, which drive good gross margin for our business. Really in there is the soft drinks, the teas, the waters, the flavored energy drinks that are so popular amongst our customer. And more appropriately, we also added adult beverages, which drives foot traffic for our primary customer. So we're very excited about that.  We do have 21 sections across the store with the Dollar Tree items in the store. And a number of things it does is it creates a halo of strong price impression for our customers, and we get feedback that says it looks like prices are lower. And we're getting great engagement from our customer in those sections, but the real magic there is that the categories are actually starting to rise. It's not just the dollar sections alone, but we get better penetration in some categories that we have seen in our traditional format. So I'm very excited about that.  We provide additional labor when we reset these stores just because of the workload. And then we want to make sure that we don't -- we test how high is high with this. So we do invest additional labor, but then we wean the store back off and let it self-fund. Within about 4 weeks, it can get on a self-funding basis. We train one specific person in the store to handle the Dollar Tree items as they are different and they behave differently than our Family Dollar products. They're not planogrammed. They are -- we show them a section flow. So the work is relatively easy and also allows us to get in and get out of these categories pretty quickly without disappointing a customer. And so I would tell you that we're very bullish on what we're seeing today, both from the store teams, the labor and how it balances right back to the stores pretty quickly and the customer interaction. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: John, it's Duncan. Thanks for the question. I will tell you that the Dollar Tree enterprise team, actually based here in Chesapeake, really runs and leads all the store development work across the country for both of the banners. And it's supported locally, obviously, with the folks that are in the field, a mixture of both the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar people. But I will tell you that we are -- nowhere near our capacity here,  we're -- as you know, we're also adding freezers and coolers across the chain. We're adding 1,000 licenses and beverages at Family Dollar. We're doing the 1,000 Snack Zones that Gary talked about. We'll add 200 stores -- new stores at Family Dollar, 350 at Dollar Tree. I think as we get more stores on the ground in H2, we also are getting much more efficient on how to handle this, both with our teams as well as our suppliers to make these things go faster.  I will tell you, and looking forward, I know that we will typically close 70 to 80 stores a year just based on normal store closures and maintenance of where the store performs. 
Gary Philbin: Thanks, Kevin. Before turning the call to your questions, I'd like to share some information about our Dollar Tree Plus! test.  As announced last quarter, we are conducting a test by lifting the dollar price point restriction. Testing is not new to us, and we've got a long track record of using an analytical approach to challenge our own thinking. It's the kind of approach and process that led to the development of our H2 stores in Family Dollar and gave us the confidence to accelerate our store optimization program across the Family Dollar portfolio.  We spent the past several months laying the groundwork for this test, carefully and thoughtfully designing a test that we believe will allow us to measure the impact of different price points, items and categories on shopping behavior, store profitability and our loyal customers' affinity for the Dollar Tree brand. We'll be leveraging Family Dollar and Dollar Tree distribution center systems and combined merchandise to efficiently get the new products into Dollar Tree stores without disrupting our normal operations.  For the test, we have selected sales stores located in urban, suburban and rural markets, and we will be measuring the performance versus prior results as well as against our control stores in similar markets. As part of the planning for the test, our Dollar Tree team has been working closely with the Family Dollar merchants to identify the right products to include. We'll be offering a range of items across a number of categories. We will be testing primarily at price points of $3, $4 and $5, and the products will be displayed in 4-foot sections or end caps clearly branded as Dollar Tree Plus! in order to minimize confusion with our dollar values that our customers have come to expect.  We believe the wow factor of what we have created at Dollar Tree should carry over to this test and continue to build our brand. This is not raising items from our dollar price point to a higher retail, this is about adding new items and categories to add sales and margin.  The test officially launched a few weeks ago with products hitting the shelves of the first batch of stores. We are in the process of rolling it out to more than 100 test stores, and we'll measure, analyze and adjust products, layout and other variables to ensure we are responding to customer feedback in our continued merchandising efforts. Because it's an iterative process, we now have a set time frame for the test. It's in the early days right now, but we will have more details to share on our progress in the future.  Lastly, my thanks to all of our store teams that are engaged daily to deliver great service and value to our customers, and a call-out to all of our family Dollar Tree members that are in the process of moving while we consolidate campuses or are staying on to train as necessary. I'm proud of everyone's efforts and achievements during this first quarter.  Now we're ready to take your questions. 
Gary Philbin: Brad, thanks for your question. We're excited about what we're seeing really across the portfolio. I will tell you that this is just not H2-driven, this is really watching the entire performance of the company going up. And that was demonstrated by 7 out of 8 of our lines of businesses, positive comp in 6 of our 7 zones. So we're seeing a nice balance across the chain.  H2 obviously is a highlight amongst where we're investing those dollars when we get that nice lift. And we believe that is a sustainable lift as we start to continue to roll this across the United States and most of our store base over time.  I will tell you that we've had great balance across our promotional sales, our baseline sales. And then when we're preparing to close some of these stores, we're seeing some good clearance sales. So we're getting a real nice, balanced approach. So we feel good about that. And the key here is the base business is solid. 
Gary Philbin: And Michael, from -- it's Gary. From my perspective, as we go through this year, with the initiatives we've called out, we're closing almost 400 Family Dollar Stores, a big investment in the H2s will go a long way first half, second half as we build momentum at Family Dollar.  For Dollar Tree, I'm pretty proud of what the team's accomplished with this quarter in overcoming the 25% tariffs, and we see ourselves chugging along here with the season still responding the way we like to see them come through with great sell-throughs. And our customers are responding, and we're set up in a nice way for the summer season after having some good spring sales on Mother's Day and Easter. So those 2 things together, I think as we go through the back half of the year, we'll see the momentum in the second half. 
Gary Philbin: Well, here's how I think about it, Michael. If I had sat down last September and tried to take you through our exposure on those 3, I would have been wrong because our team mitigated most of it -- all of it as we went through our buying trips. And that's the approach we're taking on this List 4. Listen, I don't know when, how big, how much, what items are going to be excluded. We all know what hasn't been detailed out there. All I know is our team is doing the same process, running the same play. How do we mitigate? And that's everything from what we buy, how we buy it, where we buy it, how we ship it. We're going to use all those chapters in our playbook to get to the right answer on it. So -- listen, as it comes to pass or not, we'll keep the group updated, but we are not sitting back on this one. We're also figuring out how we mitigate it if it comes to pass. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I think the way I -- obviously, it's -- we import both banners. Not all of it comes from China. The vast majority does, of course. And so the things that we even did back on our January trip, we moved $100 million of seasonal buy out of China. We changed some of the specs that we were shipping items in just so we could pack more in a case, more cases on containers, so you could land it overcoming the tariff. We're looking at other countries.  The process will be the same. I mean, our merchants now have a pretty good -- I wouldn't wish this on us, but this made our merchants go and take a look at everything we're doing in terms of speccing product, where we're buying it from, negotiating, getting costs in our product. And those are going to be the foundational elements as we go forward into this next round. 
Gary Philbin: Scott, this is Gary. Let me just give you my color on it because the way I think about it, the things around our logistics costs, the shortage of truck drivers was an impact this year. That will level out in the back half. The DCs, we've -- listen, we've paid up more just to get people to work in distribution centers, but our productivity over time will catch that up and surpass it.  Shrink, we have everybody on a red alert. This is -- that's controllable. And where does it come from? Well, as any good retailer, you look inside and outside, but we're just going to be smarter on responding to it more quickly. And Duncan and team are working a lot to get our folks trained.  But the margin piece, here's still the opportunity that I think we -- besides what we're doing at H2, we still are working real hard on private brands. We have a pretty good base level penetration, but it's going to grow more over time. And the import piece, if -- what we've continued to work on, the Chinese tariffs, it's shining even a brighter light on the opportunities there, and not just the fact that we're buying some items in China. But when we get a chance to move something from a domestic to FOB China to finding the folks that actually make it all enhances the margin there. We've still got runway there, and that's the upside opportunity at Family Dollar on the margin side. 
Gary Philbin: Well, a couple of important points, Scot. I mean, you may see some $2 in there. I think the point I was trying to make is we're going to see full price points. You're not going to see $3.25. You're not going to see $4.65. I think our customer, we're going to make this very easy for her to figure out as we go through it.  And I just want to emphasize, we're not raising retails on the dollar items that our folks have come to love and count on. And I've gotten more letters from schoolteachers that are threatening me in a nice way that I don't dare do that. But I think our opportunity here is to find some additional categories, items that can add to the sales, and that's really the intent of this. It's does our customer understand the wow factor that we've worked so hard on all these years to make Dollar Tree a breakthrough brand in America? And can we take that wow factor and put it into the store and make our customers understand it and they understand the wow as we lift the dollar price point.  So I think it's going to be very clear to the customer what these items are. They'll see the items with a sticker on them or prepriced in some fashion. That will be very clear to them. And our folks are being trained to answer all those questions. It's -- we want our customers, when they raise their hand and say, "How much is this?" it's not going to be because they're confused on the price, it's going to be because they still see these incredible values.  So we're all over this in terms of getting good execution first during rollout, what do we learn as we do that, and then following up with customer feedback as we go through the process. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I mentioned you're going to see, let's just say, 100-plus SKUs. And listen, in the same way we do at Dollar Tree today, you're going to see items come and go while you see it. It's not always going to be there.  And so when you think about the SKU base, we're going to start someplace and probably end up skating somewhere else, but that's about where we're going to start and just learn as we go. 
Gary Philbin: Paul, this is Gary. So we had said a few years ago, 25,000 domestic U.S. and 1,000 in Canada. I think on the U.S. side, I'd still see that opportunity, is going to be both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. And I think as we've learned about the business, the opportunity to build Family Dollars, we were probably 60-40, even closer to 70-30 urban versus rural over time. I see that switching. I see our greenfield for Family Dollar being more rural than urban. I don't know if they'll switch to a percentage of 70-30, but probably closer to something like that over time.  And I think the opportunity is sort of what we've called out. What we deliver is a great box shopping environment, items that people need, that as independent drugstores, grocery stores or other retailers are failing, it gives us an opportunity to grow for really both banners. But at Family Dollar, that's an opportunity in rural America.  I think Dollar Tree continues to be one of the great brands in America. It cuts through the clutter. We still see the same opportunity across a broad middle of -- we can go anywhere, but Family Dollar probably works best inside the beltway and in the extreme rural. And for Dollar Tree, we still see plenty of opportunities.  I think you make a good point. We're spending a lot of time and energy on the 1,000 renovations this year on H2. We've got 1,000 -- we're obviously talking about Snack Zones, but we're touching 1,000 Dollar Trees as well. But the opportunity to build more doors is there. It's going to switch more to that in the out years.  When you take a look at the number of stores we'll have touched on H2 renovations this year, 1,000, the new stores behind us. By the time we get through end of next year, we're going to be closing in -- somewhere close to 40% of our Family Dollar fleet having been touched through our renovation or being new in the last 4 years or so. So it's going to be a change from what our customers have seen in the past. So we're bullish on what H2 can do for us, where it can operate, where we can grow it. And for Dollar Tree, we continue to be, as always, selective on the right sites for a Dollar Tree. But it's still a growth story for both banners as we look forward. 
Gary Philbin: And John, it's Gary. Just from the standpoint of the store closures, we took a look at what needed to close outside of lease term. And that's what we're doing in the second quarter this year. As always, we take a look at end of lease term for our fleet of stores to figure out how do we optimize where they're headed for, and actually reach out for our landlords to get input and contributions from them to now help us reinvigorate some of their properties on H2 as we go forward.  So we'll be doing more of that, but as we go forward, second quarter is going to be where we particularly hit on the stores closing out a lease as we go through the out years either at 75 to 100, depending on the number of stores coming up on any quarter is probably closer to where we'll end up. 
Kevin Wampler: Robby, this is Kevin. I think as we think about it, obviously, we're working to drive top line, first and foremost, right, because that helps leverage all of our fixed costs at the end of the day.  We've got a limited number of stores we've completed this time. Still a lot of work going on. The freezers and the coolers, adult beverage tend to drive a little bit lower margin at the end of the day. So we have to offset that with the party and the things like that. So it's a little bit too early, given the small number of stores in general. But I think in general, obviously, we're looking for an EBITDA lift. I don't think that the model is built such that we'll ever have EBITDA of a Dollar Tree store. Just given the amount of consumables we sell to our core customer for our Family Dollar banners versus discretionary business we've had in our Dollar Tree business, they will never -- they are never going to quite equate at the end of the day. But the idea, obviously, is to drive sales and drive improvement in that overall EBITDA margin as we go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, I think if you look at the guidance, Michael, from where we started out for the year, basically, if you take the fact that on a GAAP basis for the quarter, you would have to reduce the high-end by $0.03, and you'd basically bring up the low-end by, I believe, it was $0.08. And -- so you have at adjustment.  And then beyond that, it's just the range always narrows as you go further down the end of the quarter, a quarter further into the year. We now have 3 quarters left, so we have roughly $0.40 range when we first started the year. We're now down to a $0.30 range. But then, otherwise, to your point, it's just -- it's the initiatives, the 2 new items that we've brought in. So I don't think there's anything to read into it other than that. From my perspective, we didn't -- the only changes to the guidance were for the lease obligation costs that we brought in. Again, as we noted, we couldn't give you those at the beginning of the year, given the fact that we had to adopt and implement ASC 842 before we could even calculate those costs. And then obviously, the new item with the new contracts on our import freight. 
Kevin Wampler: No, Michael, I think as a backdrop of our outlook in March, we wanted to give a little longer-term outlook, given the significant investment we were making in this year in particular around the initiatives to drive improved performance in our Family Dollar Stores. And we're obviously very focused on all of our store initiatives and the projects. And as Gary and Duncan have described, we're making really good progress, and we like where we're going there. So that's very, very positive.  Given another point in time, I think -- I don't think we've changed necessarily our viewpoint. We've said at that point in time that it was based upon the GAAP number. We haven't really updated anything at this point, so I think it's -- I don't think anything's changed and we'll just continue to update you probably later in the year as we continue to work forward through this year and we have more data to work with. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll give you some background on that. Obviously, we're very disappointed in our results, and we own that. And we have not executed at the level we've expected to. So -- and this is, I would tell you, this is not sitting in the corner of somebody's desk, this is front and center for everybody, the operations team, the loss prevention team, the logistics team, management.  I think one of the things we have fought a little bit is our inventory levels. Again, our inventory levels have grown. If you saw for the first time this quarter, we're actually able to bring inventory levels down, and that's going to be a continued effort there by Duncan and team as we look at that. We've made changes in the reporting structure and leadership in regards to over -- looking at the Family Dollar banners with regards to loss prevention team and how we're looking at that. We have put in place several new programs. We're putting in a new analytics software. So we're doing a lot of things. And again, as you know, what we're working on now probably takes a little bit of time to see the benefits of, but my expectation is we see the effect of the negativity dissipate somewhat as we get towards the back half.  Now we still have work to do. I think it's a disappointing trend, but I think there is a lot of work going on to really address this on an overall basis. 
Kevin Wampler: I think as we look at our gross margin Family Dollar, you kind of have to look at it in buckets is kind of the way I would think about it. So if we look at the -- overall, if we look at just the product margin, including freight, obviously, freight was a big headwind last year. A little bit of a headwind this year in the first half. We expect that to flatten out in the back half.  As we look at actual merchandise costs, a little bit of pressure, obviously, from selling more lower margin in consumable goods, a lot of work going on to really energize the discretionary business to help offset that, so that as we see that discretionary business continue to improve, I think we have the ability to offset that as we go forward.  I think, obviously, markdowns this year will be a very tough year of markdowns because obviously we have all the initiative markdowns going into the P&L. I think occupancy cost was actually a good point here in Q1. As I noted, excluding the $6.7 million related to the adoption of ASC 842, we actually would have shown a slight deleveraging of occupancy costs as a percentage of sales. So those things are positive.  So I think we'll still see pressure as we go through this year in particular because of some of the one-time costs and some of the initiatives things going on. I think as we get sales -- continue to see sales improve, that helps leverage some of these things and gets us back on track to improving it back to where we would like to see it. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. I mean, I think freight, we've been fairly transparent on it in the sense of, from a domestic standpoint, we've said it's a headwind in the first half of the year. I believe it becomes basically flat in the second half.  We've seen just some -- from an overall perspective, inbound has started to regulate itself a little bit. It seems like domestic's still running a little high. And then, obviously, we gave you the news on the import. I think that's about $0.05, but it's back half related if you think about that.  Payroll in general, again, store hourly payroll is going to continue to basically be up slightly as we go through the year, probably no different than what we saw in Q1. We continue to see, from an employment standpoint, an increase in average hourly rate in our stores. And I think that's part of it. So we have that. And then I think from a shrink perspective, as I said, I think it's likely to continue to be up in Q2. My view is we need to see that start to level out as we get to the second half.  I think as -- the other thing to remind everybody is initially, when we were talking about the costs related to the initiatives at the beginning of the year, we said about 75% of those costs would be incurred in the first half of the year. We're now, today, we said roughly 90% of those costs would be incurred in the first half. So based upon the fact that we can -- we've seen the cadence and the efficiency we've gained there and how our projects are laying out for the year, we've been able to see that. And obviously, it gives us that foundational base of the $57 million of costs that we're going to see in Q2 related to all those initiatives. And those touch many, many lines. It touches labor. It touches markdowns. It touches various other costs as well. So those are all kind of blended in there at the end of the day, Paul. 
