Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Again, I'm very pleased with our overall performance for the third quarter, and I'm extremely proud of our combined Family Dollar and Dollar Tree teams. We are making meaningful progress in developing, what I consider to be, the best model in small-box value retail. Dollar Tree is now a diversified combination of a 6,000 store banner and an 8,000 store banner, each with its unique ability to effectively serve more customers across all types of markets. With the combination of these 2 great brands, we have powerful flexibility in how and where we choose to grow, while expanding our opportunity to grow. Across the combined banners, we will continue to focus on providing greater values to our customers, while delivering superior returns to our long-term shareholders. Retail is an ever-changing environment, over time we've demonstrated our management team's ability to be agile and nimble to effectively adapt to the changing environment. As discussed on prior calls, we have been preparing for and testing changes to our compensation structure in regard to the new FLSA regulations. We have communicated these changes to our teams to ensure our company's compliance when the new rule will become effective on December 1. As always, we will continue to employ a disciplined approach to drive in key strategic initiatives to the combined organization, through improve communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We are confident that placing our initial emphasis in these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. The Dollar Tree business model continues to grow and improve. It's powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to the customers, while recording record levels of sales and earnings. Our model has been tested by time and validated by history. For 35 consecutive quarters, the Dollar Tree banner has delivered positive same-store sales increases. Through good times and difficult times and all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value, no matter what the state of the economy. While our price point remains $1, our operating margin continues to grow and lead the discount sector. In the third quarter, Dollar Tree banner sales increased 8.6%, same-store sales increased 1.7% and operating margin improved to 11.6%. Our field management and leadership teams are talented, experienced, energized and incredibly motivated. It's a great time to be Dollar Tree. Operator, we are now ready for the questions. 
Bob Sasser: Ed, we believe we are right on schedule with what we said on the $300 million. We've never really quantified where we are on that. I'm very excited about the work that's been done there and what we've accomplished so far. And as I said, I expect that we're going to exceed the $3 million over the 3 years -- $300 million excuse me. 
Bob Sasser: So to -- Stephen, just to reset maybe where we laid that out. Originally, we said $300 million of onetime cost to achieve. We said half of it OpEx, half of it CapEx, basically, is how we were looking at it, at the beginning of the process. I would tell you as we -- as I look at it to where we are at to this point, we probably spent more CapEx than OpEx to this point. Because if you think about the number of the stores we rebannered as part of that, that's been a fairly large cost at the end of the day. But we probably have spent more, like I said CapEx than OpEx. But I still think the $300 million hold true. What I don't know exactly at this moment is will it maybe be 60% CapEx at the end of the day as opposed to 50%. I think there is -- could be a little bit of movement in that direction as we think about, not only rebanners, but the systems integration and various other projects. We have got one D.C. that we co-bannered, so a lot of things that we have done have required capital dollars to make those changes. So I think it may lean a little bit closer, little heavier on the CapEx side than the OpEx at the end of the day. 
Bob Sasser: Well, it's a I think a comparison to last year where we know that we went to this holiday season, I think, better merchandised. Our stores are cleaner. They are better merchandised because we were exiting our Red Tag Clearance Event really into the second week of November last year was the final cleanup. We've just gotten off to a quicker, better start. I think our assortment is going to be compelling and our offers through -- from Thanksgiving through Christmas give us that confidence. And I think our customers are starting to recognize they can come in to a Family Dollar on a more consistent basis and find what they need. Our in-stocks, I would tell you, we triangulate on it from both what our system says and then what have we done to our sales to cause any missteps, and then finally, in-store, what are we doing to have better in-stock. And I would just tell you that those 3 pieces were in a better position now than a year ago. And I think that's where our customer sees when she comes into our store. So that's what gives me the confidence. And like I said, while it's early start to the holiday season, nothing tells me that we shouldn't have a positive comp on the quarter. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, I mean, obviously, as we've stated our long term our goal is to get back to investment grade. With the refinancing we did here in the third quarter, we did pay down additional $242 million of debt. And last year, after the holiday season, we made a pay down. We will be in a position to consider that again this year. The -- as I look at it today, I think we have the opportunity to be investment grade by fiscal year '19. And again, we think that's important just from a flexibility standpoint as we go forward and having the flexibility to be able to do whatever we want to do from a finance. And again, also from investment grade, it will bring down the cost of capital overall as well. So I guess that's what we are thinking about it. We're going to continue to build the business and invest in the business and grow the business. But we are also go -- working to continue to pay down the debt as well. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I'll comment on the deflation. I mean, obviously, we're not a grocery store. And I would say the biggest impact in a Family Dollar is, obviously, milk and eggs, bread to a lesser degree. You can see the impact in those categories, but I don't want to hang my head that, that's been any impact. I think our 4 walls what we can control is such a bigger opportunity for us to have those items in stock for first of the month and make sure our customers have it when they come into -- we have it when they come into the store. That's our opportunity. And we will roll through the price deflation as we go into next year and then we'll be back apples-to-apples. 
Bob Sasser: Sure, Paul. The -- so as we look at it, we look at the Dollar Tree banner, obviously, very strong gross profit during the quarter with improvement of 80 basis points. And, again, lower freight costs, better mark-on. Obviously, our merchant team has been doing a great job continuing to source unbelievable values at the $1 price point. And obviously, it's been a little bit of a buyer's market to a certain extent on the discretionary side for the foreign purchases, so that's always helpful. But again, what we always do is we manage that. We have to make sure that we're credit, providing a value to the consumer at that dollar price point and that's something that we've been able to go. You know freight in itself has been a benefit. I would tell you a couple of things. One, Q4 is the quarter in which we see basically a flip where diesel will not be a benefit in the fourth quarter. Diesel will actually be a slight headwind in the fourth quarter compared to last year than where the pricing was. We have import benefits through our contract, which goes through the end of the April. But obviously, that landscape is changing as well as we go forward, so we have to keep that in mind. But so -- but I would tell you, I would think for the fourth quarter, we would expect to see our gross profit continue to expand in the Dollar Tree banner. On the SG&A side of the equation, we saw some various moving pieces as I spoke to in the sense of lower costs for professional fees, health insurance, store supplies and legal costs and -- but we also had investment store payroll. So we do believe it's important. We will continue to invest in store payroll as we go forward. We believe it's an important aspect of running good stores that our customers expect as we go forward and the conditions and merchandised and full, fun and friendly. So we think that will continue. But I'd say there is opportunity on the SG&A on an overall basis, but I think probably gross profit is a little bit bigger potential. When you look at Family Dollar, Family Dollar on a GAAP basis basically improved from a flat operating margin to a 2.2 operating margin for the quarter. I think you have a lot of different moving pieces. On an adjusted basis, you saw improvement in the gross profit line items. And really, again, we saw improvement in mark-on, improvement in freight, improvement in shrink. And I think those are areas we think we can continue to improve upon. And I would tell you that one of the call ups was higher markdown, but I think that the somewhat -- that is really a condition of last year. If you remember in Q2 last year, we took $60 million reserve from markdowns for the Red Tag Clearance Event which then happened in Q3. So our -- we are able to take that reserve to offset some of those markdowns in Q3. So our Q3 markdowns last year are probably a little below what they would be on a normal run-rate basis. So that's -- that was not unexpected at the end of the day. On an SG&A basis, I think one of the things we have going on is we do have a geography change going on in the Family Dollar P&L between merchandised margin and advertising. So we are getting -- we are taking -- we are not taking co-op dollars. We are getting at net costs upfront from the product. So we are seeing an increase in advertising, which was called out in my comments -- prepared comments and that will continue as we go forward. So -- but otherwise, we've also had store payroll investments as well in Family Dollar. So some puts and takes there as well. But on a go-forward basis, we do expect there, maybe, some investments there but I would expect that depreciation and amortization on the Family Dollar banner will continue to decrease as we've cycled through the comparisons of the harmonization of depreciation policies and the favorable lease rate. So somewhat of a long-winded answer, but that's kind of the puts and takes, Paul, as I see them. 
Bob Sasser: That's a good question. I don't know I can say how I thought about from the beginning to now. I think what -- we've gotten the benefit of is the work on synergy has given us the ability to see that -- when you take a look at the margin expansion at Family Dollar, a good piece of that is a synergy work. Another good chunk of that is what we just do at Family Dollar in terms of auctioning and getting the best cost and as markets go up and down, making sure we are getting true net cost. I think the synergy work over the long term will give us flexibility. So when we said $300 million, I think we've all said we would be disappointed if that's all we ended up with. So the flexibility that, that gives us in Family Dollar is to say where should we invest it now. We went into knowing that we had deferred maintenance in CapEx to put into the stores. We are on a -- we've been following that model. It's a sequenced in a way that gives us the biggest feedback. We've invested in store labor because we just flatly needed to, to give our customer a better shopping experience, but that was -- that's proceeding as we projected. So I don't know that it's changed from what we thought. It, certainly, never quite goes maybe as fast as I would like to see it happen, but I'd -- I feel that we are on track with the things, with the big levers that we started with at Family Dollar. We have stayed focused on and stayed true to. And at the end of the day, staying focused on what our customers will give us credit for. And that's maybe the anchor that we went into this with and it's where we are today. 
Bob Sasser: John, I think it's -- I think what you're going to see -- listen, it's not going to be a dramatic big bang, where you see hundreds of SKUs dropout one week over the past week. I think our measured approach here has really been doing line reviews and really taking a look at the SKUs that are most meaningful for our Family Dollar customer, what's responding to us as we put against the backdrop of our smart ways to save. And we are going to take a look really 4 feet by 4 feet that says, what's the reason to have the offering that's in front of the customer and to have the right assortment. I'm not caught up in SKU count. It's certainly a piece of it as much as it is on how I'm going to drive productivity and profitability 4 feet by 4 feet through the store. And so, I -- while the 2 are related, I really think a little bit of it is, how do I get the right assortment at Family Dollar across these categories. You'll see some additional expansions in the future on some categories. But clearly, we had an opportunity to just get ourselves looking through the lens of value from our customer to have the right assortment at Family Dollar. The in-stock piece, while related, is the opportunity for us just to make sure that we are in-stock, on shelf for our customer. And that's the work we are working very hard on to make sure that we have, especially the first 10 days of the month, but have the items that are most meaningful for our customer on the shelf. So the 2 are as hand and glove, but I sort of view them independently in terms of our work process. 
Bob Sasser: Alvin, this is Bob. Just a couple of notes on the competition. From a Dollar Tree perspective as well as the Family Dollar perspective, we've always seen it as being highly competitive in our sector discount store sector. So it continues to be. We see a lot of activity out there, especially now with the big-box and the grocery stores, and especially, on the food side of the business. From the Dollar Tree side, we're pretty well insulated from that from the standpoint of, our goal is to offer the greatest value to the customer for $1 and the ever-changing mix. So we don't always excel exactly the same items as some of the big-box retailers or even the Family Dollar small-box sector. So from the Family -- from the Dollar Tree side, we are -- we watch what the competitors are doing as always, but we're really focused on the customer and offering the best value there. That's about half of our business. The other half of our business is Family Dollar and more traditional type of a business, more is planogrammed, we sell lot more of the same things that others sell. We've been watching that. As Gary said, we shop religiously for competition, whoever they may be across a broad geography and very thoroughly, and we take that information and react to it accordingly. Really keeping the focus on what's important to our customers. We want to do what's in the best interest of our customers with the offering. And offer more value in more ways. One of the things that Family Dollar, and I'm extremely excited about, that was touched on really maybe on the last question, was the things that we've done and how -- what may be -- has been accomplished. And one of the major accomplishments I see is our smart ways to save marketing program. It's -- you want -- the store is the ad, the store is what we are selling to our customer. There's more to it than just an item or a product. It's a shopping experience and it's an in-stock, in-store and it's the whole idea of your Family Dollar store and customer engagement in the stores. So we've made a lot of progress on our smart ways to save. Every day low price, as Gary says, throughout the store. Sale items, frequent sale items. Our Dollar WOW! in our stores, it's not a Dollar Tree. But we have a Dollar WOW! section in our Family Dollar stores. It has gained a lot of traction. Our price drop program continues to find traction and interest from the customers. Our shop and compare with our private label and the newest one is our digital coupon, that Gary said, in a short period of time we had over a million customers sign up for. So just that idea of engaging with our customers, the store matches the ad, the ad matches the store. When a customer comes in, there is an expectation of being in-stock, in business, finding what they need. May not be as many SKUs as the big-box guys. We don't have room for everything. But what we have is what our customers expect to have, and we have it in-stock every day as well as our ad items. So I look at the competition always, and I'm very much as we are all a student of retailing. But at the end of the day, all of our actions are focused on the customer and executing our plan to that customer. We are going to be competitive. We're going to be appropriately competitive. We're going to shop the market, but we're looking for more ways to engage the customer to offer even more value than our competitors offer. That takes a little time. But frankly, I think, we are right on target with that. And the building of the foundation that we will expand into the future -- for years into the future, I think that's one of the most important things that we can do as a retailer, just build this Family Dollar business, so that it survives any -- there is always going to be a price issue here, there. There is always going to be emphasis on one category or the other. What will stand the test time is how we are serving our customers, offering the best product at the best price and the shopping experience that they expect. 
Bob Sasser: We didn't even mention the hurricane for a good reason. Because I was -- maybe I thought about it, but if I said anything about the hurricane, yes, there was an impact. But our people did such a fabulous job of getting through there. We had stores closed. We had stores without electricity. We lost service from our Savannah Distribution Center for days because we couldn't get workers to the D.C. in order to serve. We were servicing stores in that area out of our South Carolina Distribution Center for example and -- for Dollar Tree. So our store teams and our logistic teams and everyone just did a fabulous job in really difficult times. That was a category for right -- came all the way from Florida up to Virginia off the coast. It hit a lot of people and created a lot of issues. So out of that, we had some extra markdowns because we lost some electricity. We lost a few stores out of that. You see the results though and it's really -- it did not bring us to our knees. It did not cripple us. Our people just did a fabulous job on really scrambling to continue to serve the customer in the best way possible. So we didn't speak to it, because we came through it in rare fashion. 
Gary Philbin: Edward, this is Gary. Good morning. I think you're absolutely right. The opportunity is just as big as we saw at the beginning. And as Bob said, we remain just as enthusiastic. A little bit of, when you take a look at the opportunity showed itself in the quarter and even though we were slightly negative for the quarter, August was positive. And then we went against the Red Tag Clearance Event both in September and October. So I wasn't able to overcome some of the traffic. I think the silver lining for me was that the basket lift that we got last year stuck with us this year. And then I would tell you November is starting off how I would hope, going into the holiday season. So I start with saying the foundation that we are building around value, the marketing program, the table stakes, those are the things that we knew we had to do going in just to build the foundation. Anything else we're going to do past that, it has to stick, because we're consistent on delivering value in the store, and we have a shopping experience that our customers find value when they come through the door of a Family Dollar. Long term, what's going to change? While we continue to have the opportunities in front of us that we can enhance by our brands, of course, and we can do more direct imports, but we still have a store base that has wonderful opportunity for us to take a look and figure out how we continue to renovate, put in new assortments, expand the elements in our stores that our customers are looking for. When we see our first-of-the-month business on SNAP for instance, some modest changes that drive business to our frozen food, resonate very well with our customers. So the work so far has been around the foundation that allows us to long-term deploy capital in a meaningful way into our existing store base along with new stores that will create different flow for our customers as she comes in and sees more seasonal merchandise, sees more elements that drive a higher sales per square foot productivity because of our assortment expansions. So that's the work ahead of us. I would tell you that up to this point, we've been very focused on just driving the foundational pieces of our business that we had to fix. And while we are not all the way there, I would tell you we've made progress and it's still our focus as we go into '17. 
Gary Philbin: Dan, thanks for the comments on the store conditions. It's something we're working hard on and proud of, when we make progress, more to come. But for pricing, I would tell you we are aware of all the competitive checks out there. And I would just tell you it varies as you probably see by geography across the U.S. There are certainly pockets that are more competitive than others. I would tell you, our response is really built around our foundation of how we go to market still. So from the standpoint of what do we do on -- like every retailer, what do we do an ad versions. But with us, we also have the ability to do price drops along with our base price conversions, along with playing up private brands, along with showing dollar well. And that gives me the flexibility that as I can go to market with some or all of those to show customer the value. So I'm aware of where the competitive checks are when we go face-to-face with all those folks. But I want to maintain the flexibility at this point of putting the right offer for our customer in front of we're on first of month and at the holidays. So that's where I'm focused right now, and it's not lost on me where everyone is at. And we are responding, we think, in the right way across those markets. 
Gary Philbin: The St. George's test that we rolled out earlier in the year -- by the way, went very smoothly. It was accomplished faster than we expected it to be accomplished and high marks to the people who worked together on both sides, both banners to make that happen. We are assessing the success of it and the savings that we're gleaning from it right now. I think we need a few more -- a little more time to understand the operating metrics there and where there are opportunities to save, as well as some other ideas that we've got in logistics. I'll tell you that we haven't settled in on the answer to your question yet, how many and when or what, but we are working very hard on deciding what that should be as we go forward as well as other opportunities that we have in the logistics network. I believe that in the long term, that some of the highest returns of synergies are going to come from our supply chain and how we manage our distribution network across the country. So big opportunity there. A lot of it's tied to IT integration, that's a big part of the gating factor of the speed that we want -- that we're going to be moving forward. But so far so good. We accomplished the combination very quickly, quicker than we thought, and we're now looking at the results. 
Gary Philbin: Paul, I would say what we worked hard on and which, I would hope, you'd see walking into a Family Dollar now is just the fact that end caps reflect more of what we have in our ad and the seasonal relevance and the holidays. And we have cleaned up, obviously, from a year ago. Really, the merchandise that did not have a home and they tended to collect on end caps. And so our ability to put in front of the customer what she wants on a weekly, monthly and during the holiday basis is by far the biggest difference that you're going to see at a Family Dollar. The tweaks that you see on assortments going up and down the aisles really reflect around what we think our customer is most interested in and that reflects around our basics and things like candy and our consumable business, including frozen food, which drives traffic; and in our discretionary business; we still have a strong apparel business on ladies that is seasonally relevant and driven by cold weather, which looks like we are finally going to get a bit of as we go into the Thanksgiving holiday. And just around the seasonal displays and impact, much like you see sometimes at Dollar Tree, the things our customers need in the last few days going up to a holiday, Family Dollar shopper shops so much later in the season that our ability to get ready for that and to have those displays on the floor or on the shelf are very important for us. All that being said, I would tell you the biggest lever Family Dollar had at the beginning of this process was just getting in stock. And that's what we continue to work on every day of the week to make sure that we have it with support from our DST suppliers as well as what we're touching from the back door to our shelf. 
Gary Philbin: Well, you haven't done all of the math on how we just had a good first of month, Michael, for the first 10 days, so sort of forgetting where Halloween impacted us those first 2 days. Really a lot of our focus is what's happening to us from the 1st through the 10th of the month and that is where we saw a nice impact on first of month. And we've been able to sustain that kind of activity through the additional weeks. Big week in front of us, obviously. But I would say it's -- we are going into the very meat of the holiday, obviously, this week and kickoff on Thursday, going to the balance of the quarter into Christmas. Then we'll keep our fingers crossed on weather. But that we'd have just the right amount of cold weather to sell all of our apparel that we need and not too much snow that people can't get to stores. That being said, what's the biggest opportunity, I would say, besides the basics I've mentioned on being in-stock and compelling values, is then renovation of some of our store base. Because we are still at risk on the older stores at Family Dollar that require either perhaps some deferred maintenance, but maybe even more than that gain the right assortment in the store with the right amount of square footage for each of the departments. And that's where we see the path long term to drive a sustained comp at Family Dollar to -- that's the basics in retail about having the right assortment and part of that is how is it set up in each of our stores. So when you take a look at the Family Dollar fleet, it works against us right now, where we have a large fleet of older stores. The upside is once we get into them and renovate them, there is a long runway there for us to keep improvement across our store base. 
