Gary Philbin: That's right, John. With the emphasis being around -- we talked about this being a first half, second half of '19. And really, because of the investment of what we have to do on the rebanners, close the stores in the first half, get the H2 renovations going. We want to give a little color on our confidence in the plan, then trajectory, you'll see in the back half. And to complete the painting of that picture, we want to give some sense of what we expect on guidance as we look as far on to '20. And exactly to your point, it includes that coming off of our guidance that we gave this morning, the $4.85 billion to $5.25 billion. 
Gary Philbin: Well, Dollar Tree, of course, is performing at a high level. So we continue to see the Dollar Tree leverage being -- it's always about our top line, our margins. We've -- even in this year, you take the backdrop of both tariffs and freight, we've been able to manage through this year, I think, a kind of level that I'm proud of our team. It delivers to the bottom line as we drive more footsteps into our stores. So Dollar Tree is always about driving more footsteps and to drive the top line comp. And that delivers the four-wall EBIT that drives down to the enterprise. But Family Dollar's recovery is exactly what we've described, the first half and second half trajectory, with the second half picking up steam. And as I would call out, that we will continue to plan on doing additional H2 renovations into '20 and beyond to get to the inflection point that we see, which is changing this fleet of stores, one store at a time. So it's a combination of Dollar Tree firing on all cylinders like we have been. And we are going to change the trajectory of Family Dollar stores at the renovation program and the other initiatives that we called out, too, that speak to some of the assortment in adult beverage and the other categories. 
Gary Philbin: So Karen, it's a good point. We are trying to follow the same progress everyone else does. But we built the plan assuming 25% was going to be in for the full year, and that's in our guidance. If 25% comes down, obviously, it says we're going to have some savings in the back half where we bought our product and as we went over in January of this year. I guess the way I think about it, is there upside? Yes. As always, we're going to manage in real time because it's all about footsteps at both banners, what do we need to invest in the right product at Dollar Tree, what's the right retails potentially at Family Dollar. We went into this knowing that this year was a potential of $100 million at Dollar Tree as a potential of tariff impact and $40 million at Family Dollar. We mitigated most of that. I'd say most because when the 25% was announced, lots of items were already on the water. So some of that impact is in the first half versus what we were able to negotiate in the back half. That will all fall to the bottom line, but it gives us an opportunity to invest in the business as we see tariffs change from 25% to 10% or 10% to 0. 
Gary Philbin: Scott, Gary. No, it's not -- listen, we wanted to give you a sense of how we think about our testing. And as a management team, you've heard us in the past talking about some of them. Others never made the light of day, but listen, this is something that we are going to be very smart about. We have some insights from our past tests that we've done. But there's nothing in guidance. And listen, we'll report on it as we see it's something that we need to report on. 
Gary Philbin: Sure. Look -- listen, we had a good Q4 at both banners, Dollar Tree and Family Dollar, with the comp. The confidence in the business, listen, we've renovated 585 stores last year, as we've said before. Only 200 and change of those were the H2s. What the H2 has changed is really the footsteps into those stores. And that's why it gives us confidence in the model across the demographics, locations, competitive sets, the ability -- well, our technology has allowed us to do now to be able to put Dollar Tree product easily into the Family Dollar stores. That's what gives me confidence. But the comp for the fourth quarter was really all boats rising. It's the things that we're doing every day at Family Dollar to drive the business. So it was a good Q4. And what I was pleased with was the important December time frame where we invested in categories, toys, like a lot of folks did. We had a strong toy category season. The consumables, which we've always talked about, being the bellwether of what we try to track on what our customers need most, are doing well. So what's ahead of us are more H2s. And it changes the foot traffic because it's more of what our customers need across the categories. And while the previous renovated stores are doing okay, what the H2 stores deliver are higher footsteps, a modest increase in basket. But it's really about our customers coming in and gaining -- shopping more of the aisles and then -- and seeing more of the categories and more of the dollar price points, and along with some of what we're doing with the WOW tables and queuing line. So it's a nice combination to drive in the customer with what she needs and what she wants. And it reflects a lot of the impact that we can do over the years that we've seen with Dollar Tree on season. And now you have the ability to spread out that price point. For the multi-price point, here's how I'd like you all to think about it. Listen, we have an ability now from -- to easily get into some product that our Family Dollar merchant team buys. We're over together in the same factories. When we travel to Asia, we work in the same office. That's really where the rubber hits the road in terms of identifying these WOW items. And so when I think about how are we going to test the multi-price item, what's that mean at Dollar Tree when we've done it before, well, here's an opportunity to select items, especially around high-value items that we see when we're together on import trips, something different that would complement Dollar Tree. And what's success in this? Well, listen, let's protect the brand. I mean, Dollar Tree to me is so unique. It cuts through. It clarifies for our customers. I've received plenty of letters and emails from customers that tell us exactly that. It doesn't mean we shouldn't test though. And we're going to go into this with the thought that, listen, why now? Because why wouldn't we do it now? We've always been a company that tests and learns. And we're open to ideas that -- good ideas that work. And success for this is adding to the brand and developing something that our customers still say, "I go to Dollar Tree because of that wow factor." And listen, the customers won't tell us exactly what it is they see, feel. We'll be all over this thing as we test and learn as we go forward. 
Gary Philbin: Paul, Gary. I think you're exactly right. We called in 1,000 in the cadence this year. And why the impact is in the first half, I want to get these things done no later than somewhere in Q3. And if we can end up doing more of them, we'll try to do that. But the 1,000 is based on us getting it done primarily in the first half -- it'll go into Q3, but we need to get more stores behind us. And I would -- we're not ready to call on capital next year, but it's -- certainly, I can see 1,000 next year as well. We are touching a lot of stores, not just Family Dollar, but Dollar Tree stores, too, which we haven't talked much about. But with our Snack Zone delivering a nice comp in the stores that we're putting that in, we're touching 1,000 Dollar Tree stores, too, to drive top line business and bottom line performance. So we have a lot of human capital extended this year. And my sense as we go into the out-years, we'll start to ramp up store count at Family Dollar because we're going to like this H2 and not just because of performance, it will also help what we do on our comps as we get more new stores behind us. So I would see -- not ready to declare '20, but I would say it's going to be a similar renovation count. And I'm going to see some additional new stores as we look out into '20 to say how we -- that's the growth factor in places our Family Dollar stores perhaps have been most challenged. And let's put an H2 store in some of the greenfield areas that we can grow the business. So this is a business that we have -- we're focused on. We're going to fix it and we're going to grow it. And that's what this initiative is all about. 
Gary Philbin: Kelly, you're probably asking more than I can answer. But I would say what we saw in both Oops and Dollar Tree -- remember, Deals was a single-price point banner, and then we converted it to some multi-price. And in fact, we took some Dollar Trees along the way and added that to a Dollar-Tree-Deals format. So what's the takeaway? Our customers are very loyal to what Dollar Tree represents, we all know that. It's a brand. It's not just price and item. It's a brand that they can count on as they walk through the door. And so between what we marketed, how we showed it in-store, the categories that we put it in, how our customers shop, different categories and adjacencies, those are all the things that we captured with the other tests that gave us insight. And as we go into this, we take some of those learnings just to say, "Let's be as smart as we can in what we're trying to achieve in terms of success." And I can't put a time line on it for you. I mean, this is a test and learn. You do something, you tweak it, and you change it. So those -- that's just been really the discipline we bring to, to make sure we understand what is it we're doing, what's our customers seeing. And quite frankly, the customer research. At the end of the day, it tells us what our customer sees on this. So more to come. I'm just not -- we'll go into this with the eyes wide open, based on what we've done in the past, and do it in a very disciplined, logical way. 
Kevin Wampler: Karen, this is Kevin. As we look at it, obviously, the points we've given you today are really about the top line growth. And as you heard Gary talk about the fact that we're seeing lifts in these stores of over -- of, on average, 10%. And then, obviously, then it's -- it really relates back to what does that drive. And it's going to drive a better operating income. It's going to drive a better EBITDA margin at the end of the day. We haven't really given any metrics around that. Everything we've built in, again, is built into our guidance. And again, you got to remember, at this point in time, it's about investments, especially in the first half, as we talked about the fact that the costs are front-end loaded with 75% being occurred within the first 2 quarters. And in particular, Q2 will be affected more than in Q1 just based upon the number of projects and the pace of things, especially around if we look at other things beyond that, we look at store support center consolidation as well as store closures. So a lot of those things will be happening, be affected in the second quarter. As we go forward, though, obviously, there is an expectation from an EBITDA margin to grow in the Family Dollar business. And again, get back to something of a more historical nature. And I don't think we've changed on -- in that manner, our thought process really from day 1 to just the new model, the new renovations, and driving that forward along with the other initiatives we've got going on. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, understand, Scott, that the goodwill impairment is a function of an accounting process at the end of the day and it's at a point in time. And so as we've looked at our strategic and operational plans going forward and really built this plan around all the initiatives that we've spoken about this morning, those things will have the effect of improving the business. But at this point in time, as you look at it and you kind of create the new baseline, which was really this year -- 2018's financial results, you do a calculation based at that point in time or as needed. So I don't think that -- from my perspective, that doesn't change our view of the future and the value that can be created with the Family Dollar segment. So that hasn't changed. And I guess really -- that's really my comment, that's what I said from the -- our view of the long-term position. 
Kevin Wampler: Paul, as we work through the plan and put our guidance together, again, the biggest differential year-over-year is obviously the initiatives and the pace of initiatives and the costs, not just the number of projects, but as we've said, we now have the store closures as well as the store consolidate -- or the store support center consolidation. So those costs as well. As we've said, the costs that we called out, really 75% being incurred in the first half roughly as we look at it today. And again, I would tell you, of that, it's really a 1/3, 2/3 type of situation between the first quarter and the second quarter because, as I said, second quarter gets impacted much more, it's just based upon the timing of various aspects of that. And so what do you see? You do see -- basically, you do see the effect of some additional markdowns as we go through the renovations, right? We basically have to move some inventory. There's things -- some things that we discontinue to make room for the $1 products. So to your point, markdowns will continue to be a big piece of that. The other thing you see from a cost perspective is labor. The other piece of this is we have to have teams that go across the company and do these resets. And so they have that as well as their travel and things like that. So those are a couple of the big buckets of costs. And so I think that's important. And then, obviously, this past year, we had the reinvestment in labor again. So that was a -- we'll call that a onetime investment. But again, as we know, the states continue to increase their minimum wage, so we'll see some pressure from that as well. As far as SNAP, we did see a benefit in January from the movement of February SNAP to about January 20. I think we -- our calculation would tell you is was about a 30 basis point -- roughly a 30 basis point benefit to the quarter for Family Dollar. And I think that's pretty much in line with what you've heard probably from some other retailers as well. But again, I think what our viewpoint is, is we'll go forward. And we got a late Easter, which we think that is beneficial. It's a little more beneficial typically to Dollar Tree than Family Dollar. But it is typically a good time frame when we get that late Easter and get that warmer weather and get people into the stores and kind of broaden the product that's there for them to look at. So those are just some of the backgrounds, some of the color we've got going on in Q1, Q2 as we go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. The cost, again, I think we spoke to this last quarter, it really kind of ranges between $100,000 to $150,000. And again, the variables affecting that are the number of freezer coolers we may be adding as well as, in some cases, if it's an older store, there may be some deferred maintenance that we're also addressing as well as we go through the process. So that's still our general range on a cost basis. 
