Michael Witynski: Thanks, Kevin. As Rick mentioned in the opening, we are committed to transform Dollar Tree from a good company to a great company. Our initiatives are working and providing increased profits and cash flow. Rick and I both believe now is the ideal time to accelerate investments focused on driving growth through improved associate and shopper experience while propelling greater efficiencies. These strategic initiatives will be designed to position Dollar Tree for long-term sustainable growth. And we are going to invest and incur costs associated with making this journey. It's the right thing to do, and this is the ideal time to invest in our future. Again, to reiterate, we will be investing in our associates and our stores, the DC network and supply chain, Family Dollar pricing and the value proposition and our technology. Both Rick and I are committed, aligned and extremely focused. The ability to execute our key strategic initiatives is paying off and setting a solid foundation for improved operating performance and accelerated growth. We believe an -- we delivered an EPS of $5.80 in fiscal 2021. And the midpoint of our guidance range this year is $8, representing a 38% increase. I believe we are at an inflection point to exhibit our earnings power into the years ahead. We are committed to meeting our customers' needs while investing in initiatives that are delivering the best returns. These initiatives, combined with our robust balance sheet, will position us to deliver long-term growth for our stakeholders, associates, customers, suppliers and our shareholders. We all know it is incredibly challenging and uncertain time for the businesses today. We believe our company offers the following as we manage through these times: stable and resilient business model that has worked at good times and in bad; a 16,000 store footprint that is convenient for shoppers buying their needs; a tremendous value assortment that helps shoppers stretch their budgets; a strong balance sheet that enables us to invest in our business while enhancing our ability to manage and maneuver through the current environment effectively; a road map to deliver shareholder value through improved performance at Family Dollar and improved supply chain and a continued momentum at Dollar Tree. We have a fantastic growth story of opening 590 new stores this year alone, driving top line sales growth through key initiatives and, again, an expected 38% year-over-year earnings growth at the midpoint of our range. Operator, Kevin and I are now ready to take questions. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Matt, I just -- on the timing of our initiatives, you can -- the way we're thinking about it, the short to midterm, we'll be definitely investing in our associates in our stores. And we'll be working on that throughout the quarters. And that's embedded in the guidance that we gave as well as in our pricing. One of our key initiatives is to get sharper on our pricing and close that gap to our key competitors at Family Dollar. And Larry is working on that right now, and we'll be laying that plan in over the next several quarters. The longer-term things that Rick -- for our long-term growth is really leveraging and driving efficiencies in our supply chain. And John Flanigan actually is out in one of our DCs today, assessing those things. And then our IT, and we're looking at all of our systems, especially our supply chain, merchandising and storefront systems. So those are bigger capital items, but they're going to take time as we assess them. And I think over the next 2 to 3 years, you'll see those improvements come into the business. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. That's the exciting part of it. Our Dollar Tree has got such a great reputation for delivering extreme value, and customers have responded well. Our -- throughout the quarter, units were better. Unit decline was better than what we had planned and expected. Unit decline is around the 10-ish mark. Our -- and we shared our transactions are down a little bit more than 4%. Our average ticket is up 15%. So those all feel good for us. And going through the quarter, we're delivering almost half of the new items, and customers are responding very, very favorably. And we did -- so the metrics, they're telling us the customers responded. In those categories that we shared, we're seeing -- the last 18 months prior to this change, we were seeing declines in the consumables side and declines in our traffic because of that. But now we reversed in our salty snacks, in our cookies and in our food. And also externally, we've done some more extensive research of a second round in the quarter. And customers are highly likely to continue shopping at Dollar Tree after the price change. 85% expressed strong likelihood to shop, 77% are recommending our stores. So our customers still appreciate that great find, the extreme value and the meaningful assortment for them. So we feel good about where we're at right now and as we're moving forward. We've only got one quarter under our belt and looking downstream, we're excited about the new assortment coming in. And this is going to take a while for us to really reset our assortment and our level of margin as we cycle through the new items coming in then, of course, add it to our import items. That will really take throughout the next year as we're incorporating those into our import buys. 
Michael Witynski: Well, on the Dollar Tree side, as I've said, we've got a lot of momentum because we've been working on this for quite a while. In fact, in the last 2 years, what I'm excited about is during the 2.5 years of COVID and supply chain disruption, we've come out of this and with 2 formats that we didn't have in 2019. We've got a great Combo Store and we broke the $1 to $1.25, and we were enhancing that with $3 and $5 assortments. So we've got some momentum, and our strategies are working. And our cash flow is strong. We've got a great balance sheet. We've got a new reconstituted Board and with Rick on board and including the new talent that we talked about. So we're in a place where we're coming out of, I believe, the era of COVID with great momentum in our strategies, a great balance sheet, a new Board. And we're going to accelerate our growth. So we're not starting today. We're really going to accelerate this going forward. So I think on -- as the investments, we will get more detail as we continue to work through this. And that's where we said we're going to have our first Analyst Day in October that we'll be really getting into the more of the nuts and bolts of when to expect as we look at this over the next quarters and years on how we lay that in and the benefit according to -- that goes along with those investments. 
Michael Witynski: No, not right now. We've got everything embedded in our outlook for this year. And then we're working really hard. Both Larry and John are looking at those items as we think about how do the beyond years look, and we'll be sharing that in the future. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. I'll throw it to Kevin for a little bit of color. But the way I think about it, yes, we are investing. But also, we're delivering earnings EPS growth throughout the time and top line growth. So as Rick and I said, the things that we are investing, they will have a return for long-term sustainable growth. And if you look at our EPS from the midpoint range up, it's a 40% -- just under a 40% increase in EPS, and we moved our top line up. So yes, we'll be investing in the future, but we're going to be investing with the thought of continuing to drive that top line and the bottom line at the same time. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. And I would just close with our balance sheet and cash flow enables us to do this. We can invest to keep growing our store count to be a growth company. We can invest in the key enablers and supply chain and IT. And we can buy back shares to grow our share. So we've got options going forward. It's not just simply investing in expenses. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. And that's important. We've got to be meaningful to our customers first and foremost, and that's what we're going to focus on. And on the other side, we've got Larry here who works very closely with the vendor manufacturers, and we will balance it, right? We'll make good decisions to invest where we need to, to meet the customers' needs in the marketplace. We're just going to simply close the gap to where we are on our KVIs, our key value items, and then just make sure the entire shopping experience is at a great value for our customer. And it's a balance. 
Michael Witynski: Well, the 2,000 were the amount that we needed to change. Remember, at last earnings call, our merchants since last September went item by item and put our item on the table and went out and shopped the entire competitive market to make sure that it's -- at $1.25, it is still a great value. And our customers are telling us that in the results. So the 2,000 items are the ones that we thought we needed to invest more in and turn over and/or bring new that we had to discontinue over the last 18 months or just weren't a value anymore. So the 2,000 is what our goal was, and we're halfway through, 47%. The other half are going to flow through. And as they flow through, we're getting great results. But also remember, not -- and Kevin talked about it, it's a dynamic situation in market right now. So what we thought 6 months ago has changed already just because of the cost pressures we're seeing. So our Dollar Tree merchants know that at a fixed price point, they don't have to carry every item, and they drop the item and go get a replacement item and at the margin that we need. And our mix of items always changes out. That's the exciting thing about Dollar Tree. It's an extreme value and ever-exchanging meaningful assortment. And it's -- and the customers respond, and it's the thrill of the hunt. That's part of our mission at Dollar Tree. They're used to it. They've always done it at $1. Now they're just doing it at $1.25, and it's working very well. 
Michael Witynski: One of the things that we're really seeing excitement around are our seasons are accelerating more than they used to at $1.25 and the meaningful assortment and then with our rollout of our $3 and $5 items that we're rolling out to another 1,500 stores this year. So the combination of the $1.25, $3 and $5 in our seasonal business has really given us a lift that we're excited about. And in quarter 2, if you think there's -- in quarter 1, Kevin talked about the great Easter and Valentine's, and we saw great response from the customers. Quarter 2 is summer, and you got Memorial Day and the Fourth of July. But the back half of the year is when back-to-school, Halloween and then Thanksgiving and Christmas that we're really setting ourselves up to have a great back half. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. They're just -- it's a different pressure this year. But you're right, in 2008, '09 and '10, both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree saw an acceleration in their comp store sales. And there was just a slight drag, but they saw it a little bit in 2008 when it was happening and then '09, '10 and '11, it was sustained. It's hard to predict what's going to happen now just because it's -- there being pressure for different reasons. 
Michael Witynski: Well, actually -- well, thanks for the question. Our discretionary, the value in our discretionary, our customer recognizes, and there wasn't a lot of rework that needed to happen there. And that's evident. That's why our discretionary business comped at 14%, and we really haven't touched it that much. Where we're focusing the 2,000 items are really concentrated mostly in consumable categories. So in the salty snack, in the carbonated beverage and in the food, that's where these categories we have 47% of the SKUs in. But really, we're going to add more in food. We're going to add more in carbonated beverage and more in salty snack to really drive that consumable. And it will take time. I -- we believe that's a traffic driver. And as the customers experience the items and appreciate the value we're giving them, over time, we believe that, that will help drive traffic into the overall store, not just those categories. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. It's a great question. We would go as fast as we can. We are going as fast as we can. If you remember last year -- it's really supply chain right now that's tempering our speed. Last year, we wanted to open up 500. And if you remember, the customers responding so well that we were selling through and the supply chain was slowing things down. So we slowed down our acceleration of rolling it out throughout the year, but we still ended up at 600 stores. So we're going to do -- we accelerate it to 1,500, and it's really depending on the supply chain because we're buying these products 9 to 12 months out. And it's -- we're excited about rolling this out. We're -- our expectations are to get this done as soon in the year as possible, and we're going to continue to roll that out. But we have every expectation to roll this $3 and $5 out throughout the entire network. And that's probably something that we can share at our October Analyst Day is what that -- what's that looking like. Because we really like it. We're putting this product in our stores. We're really seeing a benefit on the seasonal side of it. So our $3 and $5 items, combined with our great value at $1.25, is just lifting that entire seasonal sales in those respective stores. So we're going to keep enhancing the product. We're learning a lot, and it's going to be absolutely dedicated on the discretionary side of the store. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. I would just add that from -- add on to what Kevin said, we've been battling this ocean freight for 2.5 years, and we felt it probably before anybody else did just because of our fixed price and the amount of containers we import. So this year, we've contracted slightly more than our needs. And it's because we're anticipating a continuation of some blank voyages that will continue to disrupt the supply chain. And as Kevin said, to fill our needs, we're using a combination of contracts, the NVO and our own dedicated charters. So -- and we've smoothed out our -- the purchasing of what we need. We've smoothed that out to be more consistent and dependable for the carrier. So we've gone into this year with 2.5 years of disruption experience. And as Kevin said, we're -- we think we have a good handle on the cost of it without unknowing any disruption that could happen going forward. 
Michael Witynski: Well, we have $1.25 fixed price point that we moved after 35 years, and then we've got the $3 and $5 price points that are fixed price points that we are rolling out as fast as we can over the next couple of years. So we feel really good that we can deliver an unbelievable assortment that is exciting and meaningful and an extreme value for our customers and still delivers on that thrill of the hunt. So we're excited about that. And we -- as you think about our comments about continuing to drive top line and bottom line performance, we will always keep in mind the margins needed to deliver those 2 things. 
Kevin Wampler: Rupesh, this is Kevin. As we think through this, and obviously, to Mike's point, we're one quarter in, we're still learning a lot as we work through this. There'll be -- so moving pieces as always. The marketplace continues to move as to what investment into the product is going to be necessary to be a value in the marketplace. I would tell you this year, I think at a minimum, we would hope to be to the higher end of that historical range. And if we can be above it, we'll be above it. I don't know that we -- where that will exactly land. Again, the environment is such that there's enough uncertainty that it's pretty hard to peg given the fact that the newness of the $1.25 price point and some of the things that are going on, on a macro level out there. But it will be a positive in a big way for the overall company. 
Kevin Wampler: The other thing I would say, Karen, as Mike mentioned in his early comments, we do have a new Finance Committee. This committee obviously will be very focused on return on invested capital as we think about things. There are some things we have to do because we need to do it, which is -- you can look at our store standards. We want to make sure we have stores that are -- keep the standards that we expect and our customers deserve. So those are investments you make. But if you look, a lot of this is capital investment in systems and in our supply chain that, again, it's about productivity and efficiency and making it easier at the store level for that store manager and the assistant manager and that team there that's working very hard every day. So our job at the end is to make their job easier. And that's where these investments will -- may have a big payoff at the end of the day. 
Kevin Wampler: And Chuck, on your question about traffic. This quarter, in particular, is very affected by Easter. Easter was 2 weeks later. So you would have seen the best traffic in the third period and probably the biggest decrease in traffic more than likely in the second period because of the later Easter as well as when the stimulus dollars were released. So I think those are probably kind of the 2 factors. It's pretty lumpy because of those 2, but that's kind of the factors that are in play in Q1. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Kelly, this is Kevin. I'll start with some information on that. And really, in Q1, our freight was up, but it was very consistent with how we had forecasted it. And again, as we had talked about in March, we expected the first half of the year in particular to be affected by the annualization of the rates we saw in the last half of '21. So that feels like a good place to start. Obviously, diesel fuel has increased, and we've increased our forecast for the current market rates. And here is something to maybe give all of you kind of a metric to kind of think about diesel freight. So just a $1 change in rate for the year would be about a $63 million headwind. So that's the annualized number. And so you guys can do the math on what that means on a prorated basis. But that kind of gives you a feel for that. But we have the current market rates as we see it in our forecast and embedded in our guidance. In regards to ocean freight, the backlog is definitely significantly less than a year ago. It's not completely gone, but it's definitely better than it was. It's early. The contract carrier performance has been pretty much on plan at this point. We are still using chartered vessels, which has been successful and been helpful and continuing to move good. And the NVO rates have pretty much been in line with the way we have budgeted them at this point in time. So from our point of view, the way we came into the year looking at it, we're comfortable with where we're at. Obviously, it's -- the market can change rapidly, but we feel good about where we're at, at the moment. 
