Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone.  Before discussing Family Dollar's performance, I'd like to share details regarding a significant organizational milestone that we recently achieved. Effective July 22, we have successfully consolidated our store support centers into Chesapeake, Virginia. This was a large complex task that required effective communication, collaboration and teamwork throughout the organization. I'm proud of our team's attitude, commitment and determination throughout this process. Many of our associates stepped up to relocate with the organization and are now settling in the Southeast Virginia area. I'd also like to salute and recognize those who could not or chose not to relocate, but they stayed on through July to facilitate a smooth transition. The benefits of having our brands together in one location are simply immeasurable.  The Family Dollar team is already seeing the benefits from the stability of having a clear vision of the direction and future of our company. The Family Dollar team delivered another quarter, a sequential improvement in comps with a 2.4% increase. The team's performance demonstrates that our efforts to improve the consistency of execution across our stores and our efforts to optimize the real estate portfolio are working and gaining traction. We continue to believe that we're making the right steps to transform our customer experience to increase the frequency of their visits.  Regarding Family Dollar sale -- sales highlights for the second quarter. An increase in average ticket drove the same-store sales increase in the quarter as year-over-year transaction count was essentially flat. Our consumable business performed very well, delivering its 11th consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales.  Regarding the cadence of comps during the quarter. May was up against the strongest compare from a year ago and was slightly positive, and June and July were the strongest months of the quarter. And notably, year-over-year traffic turned positive. From a regional perspective, comps for all 7 zones were better than 1% with the strongest performance in the West, Southeast and Southwest.  A few weeks ago, we conducted Family Dollar's Annual Leadership Conference. This conference brings together our field leadership team and business leaders to teach, to learn, to network and strategize as we prepare for the very important holiday season. The field leadership teams, they're energized and focused. And they will take that energy back to their respective store teams. Theme of our 2019 meeting was the road to reinvention. We must evolve to be prepared for the future, and we're making smart changes and bold changes in our business at Family Dollar. As demonstrated by 3 consecutive quarters of improved comps, our customers are giving us credit for the improvements they're seeing in our stores, which include our H2 renovations, which continue to deliver low double-digit lift; and our grand reopening events are effectively getting the word out to the local communities. Key components for the H2 renovations are $1 STOP or $1 WOW sections throughout the whole store, more freezer and cooler doors with a broader selection of products, new signage, new decor with improved queuing lines at checkout, better lighting and much, much more. Our category resets are working. We're seeing material comp lifts post reset. Examples of a reset success include candy, household products and food storage. I'm very proud of the work the teams have done on our private brand offerings with improved labels and packaging. These national brand equivalent value-priced products represent an opportunity to deliver great values to our customer while driving customer loyalty, store traffic and profit dollars.  At Family Dollar, we are on the road to reinvention. The team has delivered positive comps of 1.4%, 1.9% and 2.4% over the past 3 quarters, and I am pleased with the additional trends for the third quarter. We have the headquarter move behind us. We have an eager, energized and aligned leadership team and a terrific plan entering the holiday season. I look forward to providing you more updates on our progress in the quarters ahead. I will now turn to Kevin to provide more detail on our second quarter performance and our updated outlook for 2019. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Matt, and Gary, I would just add. I mean that's part of the energy and why we added more H2s. A showdown to our openers have gotten us ahead of the game to this point to get the 1,000 done by the time we finish up August to your Labor Day weekend, and we had some more runway. So we're up for another 150 to get done mainly through September, a little bit probably into October to give us more H2s on the ground. But to give credit to the Family Dollar team, the consistency of what we're seeing in-store, the work we've done on key resets are I think are what we see as lifting all boats right now. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Matt, let me just chime in because I think -- and just a couple of callouts when I think about, first off, with increased traffic, we can steer this boat. And that's what the H2s are doing and what we're starting to see better in the rest of the fleet. And so an opportunity when somebody comes to the store and sell them compelling merchandise on the discretionary side becomes all the easier.  Secondly, I got to just tell you, having everybody in the same building now and the merchant teams on the same floor, vendors now meeting both banners at the same time, I can't tell you how excited I am about that. And we are a $25 billion company with a face to the vendor community. We can drive sales. And we will be on the short list of people that come to do that. And then finally, just the continued piece on imports for getting tariffs for a second, if we can, the opportunity to design and create value merchandise that sells at both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree is a big, big impact for us as we look forward. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. As for Family Dollar traffic, I would say that, as we talked about, low double-digit lifts in our H2 stores, about 2/3 of that is coming from traffic. And so we're seeing transactions develop there, and we're seeing a lot of repeat purchases coming. So part of that, as we study the marketplace, we know we're acquiring some new customers from some other folks in the marketplace. So I would tell you that part of it is both our existing customer coming back more often and then getting, acquiring new customers that may have been a Family Dollar customer and through our grand reopening initiative as we communicate back to them that we've got a new Family Dollar for you, why don't you come check it out. And they see what we have to offer and while they may have stopped shopping with us, they come back to us. So we feel real good about that pattern.  So in the balance of the chain, we're seeing -- I think people are seeing that our store standards have been better, and they're seeing that we've been pretty aggressive with our growth in consumables, and we're working on discretionary side of the business, as Gary talked about, to move that customer over.  We've also modified our marketing campaign to have more frequencies so that we can be in the marketplace more often, which I'm excited about because we've got a gap there before. So that will close that gap. So I would tell you that it's -- in the H2s, it's some new customers and the rest of the chain, it's both. And I think the good news is those trips are growing up. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Joe, thanks for the question. This is Duncan. We've got it obviously in all H2 stores, and we're putting it in all our new stores as well. The key constraint at a store level is kind of the size first and the width, second. And we do have multiple formats of the queuing line. So I will tell you that where we can, we're putting it in because it is very profitable to the store, not only the single-serve beverages that are there. But then again, the -- that front end is quite profitable, both on the snack side as well as -- you probably noticed, we've been putting discretionary items on there. And the team right now is testing another front queuing line that will actually enhance profitability for that front end and really fit the needs of our customer I think better. So it's primarily an H2 initiative at this point is where we're focused. Where we're doing any kind of other renovations, we'll see if it can be accommodated, but it's really the H2 number. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: John, it's Duncan. Thanks for the question. I think it'd probably comp like a regular new store is what we're thinking about. And we've got a handful of them that have kind of cycled themselves. So we're learning quickly, but it's behaving like a new store. 
Duncan C. Mac Naughton: Edward, it's Duncan. Thanks for the question. I would say that store manager turnover has improved slightly. We're still at a level that I'm not happy with. But last year, we focused all our training at our field meeting on year of the manager, which was all about training our people, giving them tools, about hiring the right person, training the right person and retaining the right person. And we gave them many tools and consistent playbooks across the chain to do that. And we -- they've all been trained on that. And we highlighted it again this year and get -- updated those toolkits. And we've had national recruiting fairs, as you're probably aware of. And we've made progress there. It does attract a fair amount of people. 
Gary Philbin: Thank you, Kevin.  I will share a brief update on our early reads from the Dollar Tree Plus! test. We are in the very early stages of our multi-price point test at select Dollar Tree stores, and we'll continue to closely monitor the results, including impacts to traffic, sales and margins. Some details related to the test are, launched in mid-May, by the end of June, we had the test rolled out to approximately 115 stores. The test includes newly added products at price points of $2, $3, $4 and $5. The products being tested, which currently include about 200 SKUs, are clearly identified as Dollar Tree Plus! items providing customers more choices, more sizes, more savings. We are testing a cross section of high-, moderate- and low-volume stores as well as urban, suburban and rural settings, so we can understand how customers respond in the varying markets. Early in the test, the product mix has leaned more towards consumables, and this will evolve as we move towards the holiday season with more discretionary items added to the test. We've received feedback on the values from our customers on the initial merchandise assortment, and this is critical as we know we want to protect the Dollar Tree brand. Our customers view Dollar Tree as the destination for terrific value for what you spend in $1.  We are pleased with how our teams have started and implemented the test across varied geographies to our volumes and size. It's giving us valuable insights to how our customers view these values across a Dollar Tree store. Our teams are excited about the evolution of the merchandise assortment as we approach the holiday season. On our most recent import trip, we have bought specifically for Dollar Tree Plus! stores and I think excited about the additional assortment that will resonate with our customers as we go into our holidays. Finally, I wanted to share a few words regarding our field leadership meetings that I attended in the past few weeks for both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree. This is the opportunity to connect with field leaders face-to-face, teach and learn, recognize, reward all those individuals and teams for performance and service awards. We interact with buyers and sellers. The merchants and our field team work together. We coach and mentor people development and ensure that we are all aligned heading into the important holiday season. We had very productive meetings, and I'm pleased with the focus on business acumen of our businessmen and women that our leading our field organizations. Our leaders are energetic, focused and motivated going into this important back half. Operator, we're now ready to take your questions. 
Gary Philbin: Yes. I'd tell you what, we're pretty excited about the 2.4% comp at Family Dollar. And what's most exciting, to your question, is all boats are rising. We're seeing a great performance in our H2 stores. But to me, what we're seeing is the bulk of the stores are also driving great comp sales. And as I talked about on my prepared remarks, we're now seeing positive traffic across the chain. So that's telling us our customers are liking what we're doing as we clean up our stores.  As you know, we have roughly 1,000 H2 stores out there, and we closed the quarter with 7,809. So the good news here is we have multiyears to add as we're going to talk about 1,150-or-so stores this year and how do we really change the face of our chain. So I would tell you that we can't -- with that small store base, we can't run the whole comp. So we're seeing the balance of the chain really help there. We did have some help from store closures, but it was not nearly as impactful as the balance of the chain. 
Gary Philbin: And Simeon, this is Gary. Let me add my color to that. For both banners, I think it's important as we went into this year knowing all the stores that were going to be torn up for renovations. H2 at Family Dollar, Snack Zones at Dollar Tree. By the time we were going to get to Q2, we will touch 1,000-plus stores. And by design, not exactly reading the crystal ball as well as you would like, we went in aggressively, closeouts, our WOW product at the Dollar Tree side, a little bit more on consumable side, on the merchandise plan at Family Dollar. So part of that was to make sure we could go through touchy stores, catch them, pull them back together and still drive a positive comp. As far as balloons, the impact there was the impact of 40 bps. And that's really just on what we lost on balloon sales in the first half or in the second quarter year-over-year. And obviously, first half, as I called out, is a little more impactful. What we didn't measure was balloon sales usually have a halo effect of everything else in the party department, which is obviously one of our highest margin in a very large business, and it really drives customers to that store. So we know it's not going to be as impactful because the holidays aren't as big, and we'd like to think it's going to get moderately better as we go into '20, but that was probably the best way to measure the balloon impact. 
Gary Philbin: Yes. I'd tell you what, Matt, thanks for the question. We -- as you can see, our engine is growing. Our traffic is turning positive, and we're driving some real growth with consumables, and our job is to convert that to the discretionary side of the store to enhance our margin throughout the year. We've got a really strong back half plan and a strong holiday plan that we just shared with our leaders at the Annual Leadership Conference.  And I think year-over-year, you're going to see us continue to strive to grow our comps as we get more H2s on the ground, they mature. And what we're seeing in the balance of the stores is they're really starting to have higher standards at store level, and they're -- so the stores are getting cleaned up. The customer is noticing. And they're getting the components of some of the H2 stores while they may not be an H2 store. So we're trying to fast adapt as we learn what are the key winners in key categories. And we did some -- a number of resets last year that are now going to start cycling and be helpful to comp in the back half. So I feel pretty good about our business plan with comps as we look forward. 
Gary Philbin: Yes. And Chuck, I would just give you some color. I think really, the last 2 years, our seasons have gotten out of the gates very quickly and performed very well. All this inventory we brought in to beat the tariffs is there. That's the imports. It's higher margin. As we kick off, really, the fall/harvest season as we get past Labor Day, to me, we are set up to take advantage of what the Dollar Tree does best. And that's getting geared up on the discretionary side of the business. We've invested in consumables to make sure we had the kind of traffic and customer count we needed as we went through all of our Snack Zones. Snack Zones are delivering what we brought across the network. And now let's shift gears a little bit back to what the best time of the year is for Dollar Tree. And that's really September, October on through the Christmas holiday. 
Gary Philbin: Thanks, Judah. Yes. Short answer. Listen, I mean we're 6 days from the last change, right? So I mean here's how we've gone through the year. The merchant teams had mitigated Lists 1, 2 and 3, as we knew it. Then when List 4A, 4B first came out, we had plans on that and, actually, on our trip to Asia felt very good about where we were on that. And then of course, the most recent changes, make that the callout of our most recent news. Well, the things we're doing are working pretty darn well. I would say the vendor community is stepping up. We have done things like we've said before. We can really work hard on changing how we're packing things or the packaging, on how many units can we get on container so we can land the overall cost lower. We've been able to move, I would say, modestly $100 million on some of the buying trips out of China with our strategy of China plus 1. I give credit to our merchants. This is about negotiating a vendor at a time to make those differences, and that's why I went into this call. We see the most -- we want to give you the math to give you some sense of the scale. And really, while it's work we got to do from 6 days ago, I have confidence in the group that we'll mitigate it for the balance of the year. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we have 1 DC that is in Utah that distributes to both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree. We now have 1, 2, 3, 4 additional DCs that have the internal workings and warehouse management system that allows us to deliver to both. We've needed the capacity for the Dollar Tree banner because we have capacity in the Family Dollar network because of their closures, the rebanners. And of course, that's putting pressure on the Dollar Tree banner. So ultimately, it comes down to the size of the building. Any new building that we've done, it comes out now with the ability to deliver either banner, which will be a place that we move to. And that's a stem-mile opportunity for us in the out years. It's right now a function of capacity needed for Dollar Tree banner to make sure we can service those stores. And we pick up, obviously, some stem mile every time we open up a Dollar Tree banner because we have more stores closer to that. 
Gary Philbin: Thanks, John. I would say, at this point, it's purely additive to the basket. So it's telling us, I'm a Dollar Tree shopper. I come in. I like my regular items. And now here is something that surprised me is some of the feedback we hear. And that goes into the what was, "their regular basket." So I think we've start off with some items that are giving us some pretty good information how our customer views it. But what I'm really maybe most excited about is putting a bit more of the Dollar Tree whimsy and surprise of the WOW effect into some of the items. And then that will give us another variant to what customers are buying and especially as we get around holiday time. So more to come. We bought specifically for these stores, and they'll be in addition to the assortment as we continue to evolve and to get the best read we can. 
Gary Philbin: Kelly, well, listen, we're managing to what we know, let's start there. So I think what we try to paint a picture of the magnitude for this 4A when we knew it was initially 10%, that was in our sights. And the team went to work right away on 4A knowing that 4B was coming. We had more time on 4B. Once the tariff was increased for both List 4 and List 1, 2 and 3, we just sort of continued to do the same playbook that's been working for us. So everything that I had called out before. So we're in the unique times, and we're in unique times where I think there is -- the opportunity is I would tell you that our vendor community is both -- wants to work through this and help, at this moment in time. And prior to this, they are also concerned they might lose business. And some have as we have found other opportunities either inside China or outside China. So there's never just one tune you play to overcome this. So what gives me confidence for the balance of this year is I can see the rocks in front of me and our teams have worked real hard to overcome what we see this year. Too early to comment on '20. Shoot, I'm trying to think about what might happen this week or next week. But we are working real hard on what we know today based on the USTR as we go into what's going to be the first increase on September 1 knowing that there's another one in October and then finally, December 15. Those are the ones that we know of right now. 
Gary Philbin: You know, we -- I can't in scale on -- of what we sell. I mean we try to bring items in. It's not a huge amount. I mean, of course, you try to bring it in if it's on the water. But keeping in mind it's 6 weeks before you leave a port and it gets somewhere else. And we're often not given 6 weeks to make much of a move. If we can do anything, we do. But it's not meaningful on the scale what we're talking about on cost of goods and the tariffs. 
Gary Philbin: And I would just have to call out with some of the same efforts, Dollar Tree is going to have 1 of its best 3 years ever since I've been here on store manager turnover. So I think the initiatives are well focused and pointing at the right things. And we're working real hard to get both banners to -- ought to be a banner year on store manager turnover. 
Gary Philbin: Well, on the timing side, listen, I think as we get and evolve the assortment, we're going to learn more. So I can't quite give you a time line. I'm more interested in what can I learn from giving our customers an evolving assortment that will tell us more what resonates with her when she's in a Dollar Tree.  And as far as tariffs, obviously, anybody out there today who's importing is affected no matter what the price point. It obviously goes into the equation, but it does make you take a look at where you're buying it from. But to hit the mark, you have to really focus on what the customer wants, as always, in retail; and for our Dollar Tree stores, how does that play out. When we take a look at retail, that go up to $5. And I think it's -- that's really what we're focused on. What's in our -- what's our Dollar Tree customer going to look for in our world. And that's where our merchandising teams are very focused on. 
Kevin Wampler: So as we look at the margin, as we look to the back half, obviously, the front half, in particular, was loaded with the discrete costs. As we've said, we have incurred about $76 million of what we now believe is $85 million of costs that we will incur. We look for the gross margin to become much more comparable to last year. It's obviously been down. I think the one thing that we have to always consider is we've been driving our business in the Family Dollar world with consumables. And even in Q2, the Dollar Tree business was driven by consumables based upon what everything we have going on, touching all these stores that we're touching.  So we're driving traffic. We're getting our core customer back into the store in Family Dollar, and they're liking what they're seeing. It's a little bit more consumable-driven. So our job that we still have ahead of us is to continue to improve our discretionary business, but we do look for the gross margin on the kind of dollar side to start to level out as we go through the back half. 
Kevin Wampler: Matt, it's Kevin. As -- within my prepared remarks, I tried to get some good color on this. So let's kind of break it down into pieces here, if we can. So obviously, within the press release, we talked about $48 million of discrete costs within the quarter as well as $15 million of store closure costs. Within that -- so that's a total of $63 million or about 230 basis points. And basically, what I did -- if you take out the $10 million of store consolidation expenses, that means about $52 million sat within the Family Dollar segment. And as we called out within the prepared remarks, about 100 -- and that's about 190 bps. And that basically broke down really about 100 bps of markdowns, which you talked about. So you're talking about all the store closures, all the renovations, all the rebanners, everything related around that from that piece. And then on the SG&A side of it, it's all of the asset write-off for all the store closures, and again, we closed 296 stores during the quarter; supplies for the H2 renovations as well as labor, temp labor for the H2 renovations as well. So that's roughly 90, 95 bps. So that's kind of how to bucketize them the best way and the big-picture way. As far as a go-forward margin, we have huge opportunities. Obviously, it's been a disappointing year from shrink perspective. We have a lot of opportunity as we go forward. As we talked about last quarter, look forward to start to flatten out in the back half on a comparative basis. A lot of initiatives in process there relating to: one, just changes in leadership and structure, really working on our commitment to training and our execution of policies and procedures; defensive merchandising initiatives, analytics. And again, getting our inventory levels down as well will be very, very helpful in that regard. So I think we have a huge opportunity as we go into next year to help our gross margin in that regard. 
Kevin Wampler: And then, Chuck, in regards to your question relating to the Family Dollar margin. Again, really, 3 buckets related to the change year-over-year for the quarter. And again, it was 100 basis points from the markdowns related to the initiatives, about 95 basis points related to increased sales of lower-margin goods, as well as slightly at higher freight and then about 45 basis points related to shrink. So that's really kind of the 3 buckets as we put them in and can best describe for you. So I don't know if there's any -- something beyond that, that you're looking for. 
Kevin Wampler: I think if you look at the first quarter, gross profit was roughly flat year-over-year versus this quarter. And so we were impacted more by freight in this quarter than we were the first quarter. And again, a little bit of timing, a little bit of what we've got going on. Again, we did build inventory as well during the quarter with -- from an import standpoint to mitigate tariffs. So there's some effect from that a little bit. But overall, as we look at it, I think the idea of freight was the bigger piece. We do look for that to mitigate a little bit as we go through the back half, as we've said. And then the other piece, as we called out, was really the idea that we did sell. We had a better consumable business in the second quarter. And so our sales mix, our margin mix averaged a little lower at the end of the day because of the overall consumable mix. As we go forward, I don't know that we -- as I've said, I don't think that we still expect to see the same type of pressure that we saw in Q2. 
Kevin Wampler: No. We haven't updated the guidance we gave back in March on that subject. Obviously, we're just kicking off our budget season right now, as we speak, basically, for next year. And I don't think in -- simplest terms, I don't think anything in the base has changed. I think we have the unknown of tariffs and where they go and what they may do. I don't know that we -- any others have an answer for that at this point in time. We'll have to take that into consideration accordingly. But I would tell you the base case, I don't see necessarily a change in our thought process. 
Kevin Wampler: Duncan made that comment. I mean, obviously, I think we're only 3 weeks in. So it's not like we're going to get a whole lot of other information. But I mean we're pleased is where we would state it, that we're not going to make a statement whether it's higher or lower or what it might be, but we're very pleased at this point. 
