Gary Philbin: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, everyone. First, from all of us, our report today is against the backdrop of the COVID-19 impact across our country. Our hearts go on to all those affected. Today's Q1 report reflects a number of accomplishments and [ comments ] during a quarter that was impacted, unlike any other, due to the effect of COVID-19.  First, our results around the core businesses of both business speaks to the resiliency and strength of both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree in the communities we serve. The investments we have made in our Family Dollar business in our H2 stores and assortment have been highlighted during this critical time. Second, we took quick action to protect individuals with enhanced cleaning protocols to keep the facilities clean and sanitized. We encourage social distancing guidelines as recommended by the CDC and provided PPE supplies, including masks and gloves. Additionally, we have installed more than 60,000 plexiglass shields in store checkouts. Third, our efforts to get the right products to the distribution centers and stores have been the key priority for merchants across both banners. We worked closely with vendor partners to support and streamline shipments of needed essentials. And finally, all of this could not be accomplished without the leadership of our teams across 48 states and 5 Canadian provinces. Their efforts have been remarkable, and it is humbling to see the dedication they have with their teams and for their communities. I could not be more proud of all these and the many other accomplishments against the COVID-19 crisis that's impacted our country and company.  Family Dollar's comp of 15.5% reflected the initial impact of household stocking up on basic goods in March related to the disease. The consumable side of the business delivered a 17-plus comp, and was strong throughout the quarter. On the discretionary side, comps were positive up to Easter. And then we saw an acceleration through the end of the quarter around the home and other discretionary categories, resulting in a discretionary comp of just under 9% for Q1. Operating income for Q1 improved 230 basis points. But despite the impact of selling record volumes of lower-margin consumables and incurring the additional costs related to COVID-19, Dollar Tree's comp decreased 90 basis points, driven by the impact on Easter selling and our party business in general, from the executive orders for shelter-in-place mandates. The combined impact of the party, Candy and Easter categories negatively affected Dollar Tree's overall comp by 490 basis points. Following Easter, discretionary comps were nearly flat for the remainder of the quarter. Operating margin was 9.2%, reflecting a negative top line comp and a heavier consumable mix along with COVID costs. All COVID costs related -- all related COVID costs incurred for our wage premiums and for front-line associates, guaranteed sales bonuses for field management and supplies for keeping our facility safe totaled just over $73 million.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Gary Philbin: Thank you, Kevin. The current macro environment was obviously not contemplated in painting our business for fiscal 2020. Our performance in Q1 validates that Dollar Tree and Family Dollar are important of shoppers in times of need, especially for their daily essentials. With more than 38 million Americans filing unemployment claims in just the past 9 weeks, we believe families need value and convenience more now than ever before. We have a resilient business model, a very strong balance sheet, an experienced leadership team and tremendous opportunity to continue serving customers with those values and conveniences they seek. I cannot say enough about our store and distribution center teams. They have been up to the challenge in being nimble and agile in a quick changing work environment and committed to running the business through an unprecedented time. To recognize our efforts, we have rewarded our hourly store in DC, incented with wage premiums going back to March 8. This investment in our front-line associates has totaled approximately $95 million to this point, $63 million incurred in the first quarter.  We were also pleased to welcome more than 25,000 new associates to the organization during the quarter. Q1 is in the books. We finished the quarter strong. The momentum has carried into our second quarter. While we are still less than 4 weeks into the quarter, I am pleased to say that business is as good at this point.  At Dollar Tree, we have seen an improvement on the discretionary side of the business. In fact, with the exception of party pay-for-all, discretionary categories are comping positive in Q2. Categories performing well include crafts, kitchenware, lawn and garden, hardware, toys. They're all performing well. We had a strong Mother's Day and school graduation sales. Crafters Square, like Mike discussed, continued to gain momentum and is now available in more than 3,000 Dollar Tree stores. In the balloon business, which was hindered in 2019 by the Helium shortage, has bounced back nicely. The comp performance at this early stage in the quarter has returned to a level we are accustomed to seeing from Dollar Tree.  At Family Dollar, we believe the current environment with family staying close to home is provide us an opportunity to showcase improvements we have been working very hard on in recent years. Our investment in the Family Dollar store base with our H2 renovations has been a key driver since we accelerated our renovations a year ago. Now with customers and communities needing us more than ever, we are being introduced into a format that has a better shopping experience when they need it most. I'm also pleased with the work of the merchant team and the traction we are seeing on the discretionary side of the business. Our customers have moved from all things essential to more purchases to support their at-home and outdoor living. Discretionary momentum that we saw late in Q1 had certainly continued into the second quarter as well. Q2 is off to a very good start in Family Dollar.  That said, we do expect this to continue to be an extremely volatile consumer environment. Factors impacting retail will continue to be evolution of the macroeconomic factors, including unemployment rates, variability in vendor supply chains being able to meet product demands, volatility in consumer demand related to the crisis, the value and timing of government stimulus, the duration degree and geographic breadth of bearing shelter-in-place mandates, the evolving competitive landscape across retail and restaurants and our incremental costs related to managing the business during the COVID crisis.  We continue to focus on making meaningful progress to grow and improve our business for both brands. We believe we are well positioned in the most attractive sector of retail to deliver continued growth and increase value for our shareholders. The combination of more than 15,300 Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores provides us the opportunity to serve more customers in all types of markets.  Operator, we're now ready to take questions. 
Gary Philbin: Ed, this is Gary. Let me characterize it this way. Obviously, on the Dollar Tree side, Easter was the first week of April. So we really saw the impact of shelter-in-place mandates going in, traffic dropped and Easter was not on anyone's mind going into the holiday. So the bigger seasonal impact to Dollar Tree was the Easter holiday basically evaporating. But post Easter, traffic were negative, moderated, and maybe more importantly, what we saw people buying also changed, too, from the hoarding of essentials, move to some of the other elements of what people were buying around stay at home, which meant children are were out of school, so more stationary, more back-to-school, toys for kids.  And Family Dollar was maybe slightly a little different, not as big of a holiday effort at -- for Easter at Family Dollar and at least around pure Easter. But the things that get impacted at Family Dollar are things like people grill out, it's a family celebration, it's apparel. But I would describe it the same way. Post Easter holiday, we saw folks get back into buying more of what they needed around home living and outdoor celebration, I would call it. And with more folks at home, obviously, we're experiencing the essentials spiking of both banners. So as we go into May, while we see some traffic down, we see baskets go up and we see the breadth of what folks are buying being expanded beyond -- clearly beyond the essentials. So we like what we see going into end of April, and it's carrying on into May. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I don't have a crystal ball that says what's going to happen exactly to the macro environment. There's no reason Dollar Tree can't get back to 35% and 36% with what we see on how we're selling our assortment. Even now, I like how the mix is occurring at Dollar Tree. The impacts that we're experiencing from COVID, everything on the supply chain. And it's everything, from how we need the DCs to run on the priorities of getting key vendors into the DCs and out to stores, we're spending extra on. When we are buying low-value essential, big Q low-value that impacts the cost of the freight coming in and out of our margin as well, and obviously, we think the current wage premiums. Long term, there's no reason. I don't know that I see it in Q2 or in the back half of the year, I dare make a guess on how the retail environment will be. But what we're buying in the value for Dollar Tree is as great as ever. Mike called out Craft. I mean here's a category that really didn't even live in Dollar Tree last year to any extent. And our customers have welcomed it wildly in the stores that we put it in, and that's the nature of Dollar Tree. We find something, we build it. You're on the new thing, and that's really the underpinning to what's going to drive margin. The thing that we've got to handle on the expense side, I've always said, given enough time, we'll scurry around the rocks, but the key to Dollar Tree's magic is keeping the magic of incredible value in front of our customer on the product we're selling. 
Gary Philbin: Well, this ripple effect of the COVID impact, obviously, it started in Asia and then has moved into the U.S. side. And so initially, when we saw the disruption in Asia. Parallel was just the short-term effect of factories shutting down right after Chinese New Year. I would say that rebounded fairly quickly to the point that other than being measured a few weeks late on some shipments. That was something that moderated and now is not an issue for us. On the domestic side, however, the spike in demand on domestic essentials. It is something that all retailers are chasing and it varies by vendor, it varies by geography and anything that's related to cleaning, toilet paper, paper towels. While they're all getting better and we're selling record amounts, it's still something that we're probably going to be chasing, I think, into June, and I would guess maybe July with some vendors. But it's getting better week by week, and we see it in our sales.  But it's almost shifted more to the discretionary side now. Some of the things that folks are buying are imports. We're having to go back and take a look at orders on inbound and up those. So it's been a changing shift in dynamic from when it got started, if go all the way back to the impact to China. On supply chain, U.S. domestically and now what people are buying. And so I think about it almost in those 3 stages, how we're running our business and where the priorities are. 
Gary Philbin: Michael, I would just add, the biggest -- lion's share of that once you get past these initial expenses is, obviously, the wage premium. Our folks are on a biweekly pay cycle in advance of each one. We give them our announcement that it's continued. Right now, we are out to mid-June with our associates on wage premium, so they can plan around that, too. So that's where we are right now. 
Gary Philbin: Well, let me start and have Mike chime in on some of the -- what we've seen on the categories. I think Family Dollar has responded maybe even better than we might have thought going into what we didn't know what was ahead of us and our customers came in and shopped the store hard because it's -- when you think about it, its convenience, its value. And with the early and quick work we did. I think we also got addressed for being a safe place to shop with all of our protocols in store, and I think we are recognized for that, with some of our internal measurements that we saw. I think we also saw more folks sign up for our Family Dollar app, which was a pretty good signal that we're gaining some new folks for the first time into the store. So I think early on, we got -- folks needed us. I think it has moved to some recognition on even some of the early work we've done on assortment in having in-stocks.  Now I would tell you, our supply chain. We're pretty capable on supply chain around the world, but we are stressed on the domestic supply chain, like what the broader folk [ think ] are essentials. And we send the essentials to stores every week. They used to last about 2 hours. I would tell you now, it's probably lasting between 1.5 day to 4 days depending on who's getting what amounts. But as much as anything, it's done. Maybe our folks have risen to the occasion in their neighborhoods and communities. And we can -- when I just see the amount of thank yous that come into our stores, it's anecdotal, but I can only tell you folks that really count on the Family Dollar banner during this time. I think what's interesting are some of the category sells. I'll let Mike give you some color on that. 
Gary Philbin: And if I -- Paul, you asked about H2. And obviously, hard to look at March in the pandemic effect. But I would say this as we got post Easter, that H2 has continued to have a tad lift even during this time. And it's interesting that as you get into the April time frame post Easter, our rural H2, where we have most of them, outpace the urban locations. And that's not entirely surprising when you think about some of the hotspots affected the urban locations more than rural. So we're still pleased with the H2, I think, just in time. I think back to 2008, it's a different crisis, but that's about the time Dollar Tree was getting to our prototype the way we wanted it. I don't think that's dissimilar to the 1,500 H2 that we have out there that are helping us drive the business now. 
Gary Philbin: Well, let me answer the second one first. Clearly, we did see the impact of shelter-in-place. Obviously, parties took the biggest hit to that, but I think the resiliency of our customer and just their creativeness that we've seen out there with the drive-through workday parties, what's been happening in graduation. We actually comped on graduation balloons last week, which I thought was just remarkable for our business. Now party is a big category for us, we split it into our celebration in paper. So the celebration is actually doing quite well right now. Party paper, as we called out before, is the piece that's lagging.  On the other hand, Crafts, a category that we didn't talk about a year ago is now a significant category in dollars. The comp is something that customers have responded to. And I think it sort of speaks to families are trying to figure out how to entertain themselves with the magic of products that you can buy for a dollar at Dollar Tree and even at Family Dollar with toys and some of the home essentials there, too. Anything related, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, outdoor living. I mean I sort of put it into those buckets. So that's how I think about it.  And then we're early into the quarter. I think what we want to call out on the -- what we see in Dollar Tree was it's a new normal. But it's certainly, at least in terms of the categories that we are seeing respond, feels a lot more like we're used to. We don't have any huge category or maybe celebrations, holidays until we get to the back half, really, right? We go from Memorial Day, the outdoor grilling to back-to-school, whatever that's going to trend to be in the early fall.  After Easter, we like what we see. We're not having the same kind of impact on the seasonal side that we have all focused on 1 week in April with Easter. So I think that also lets us sort of spread our opportunity out there in the store on what we merchandise and what we put on display. And I think what we're encouraged with is the things that our customers needed, they have found in both stores and have bought at elevated levels now, really, Family Dollar, starting with the April time frame, and now it seems like Dollar Tree is getting back to its normal cadence. 
Gary Philbin: Yes. It's not 2008 for all the obvious reasons. And it's -- what our customer has right now is money in their pocket. That's obviously a tailwind for anybody that has doors open. In 2008, folks lost jobs, too, and they needed us and they found this. And I think that's some of what we're planning for as we take a look into our crystal ball here, back half of the year into '21. 
Gary Philbin: Well, that's a tough one. I mean, I would just point out sort of what we've seen is that we've seen -- if we just take a look at Easter, what was impacted was obviously the pure Easter product. Along with that, party and Candy was the 490 basis points impact for that holiday. But I think it spreads a little more out once you get past that big holiday. I think party is where we've obviously made it one of our key categories. And it's sort of bifurcated into what people can buy right now for celebration. Parties -- birthday parties are still going on. They're just happening in a different way. Graduations are still going on. They're just happening in a virtual environment. The things that get sold with that, now we're starting to see selling close to the same rates we saw before.  The party paper is a little different. That goes to some gift-giving and some other things that I think it will catch up over time. It's just a slower burn that's kind of sad. And it's -- just take a category like stationery, it means kids are at home. There are parents trying to teach virtually or online and they needed school supplies, and so a category like that picked up. I mentioned craft. But you go down the discretionary line, people are still buying now, I think, on a normal cadence of what they have been new to on dare say, a normal shopping trip. What we're just seeing is they're coming in shopping with intent. Folks aren't coming in to buy a soft drink and in a candy bar. They're coming in because they have a need and right now, Dollar Tree and Family Dollar filled out 20', 21'. 
Gary Philbin: Yes, Mike, I think as far as the time line, that's maybe the harder part of the equation there. I think, obviously, we're very happy with where we're headed. And obviously, the H2 renovations are a big part of that. And just the overall work that the merchant team is doing on the discretionary side of the business also plays a big role in this. And again, I think our opportunity here is to get more people in the store, show them the assortment and the reassortment and get them excited about their Family Dollar store that they shop. And I think -- so the opportunity is there. I think, again, obviously, increased volume always helps. But I think changing our trajectory of mix potentially plays a bigger role on an overall basis. We want to sell more consumables, but obviously the discretionary categories will play a bigger role.  And then there's other things that we have to do a better job with. We've talked about shrink the last couple of years, and it's not where we wanted to be in our Family Dollar stores. And we have worked because the team is working hard, but there's more work to be done there even though we saw some improvement in Q1. I think if you look at other line items in there, obviously, markdowns have been heavy the last couple of years. I think we feel better about that as we get through this year. We talked about Q1 being more markdowns originally when we went into the plan because of the fact that we'd be working on a discretionary reassortment. But I think we've moved through that with the sales that we've seen. So I think going forward, we have this opportunity. And I think the team is working hard to make that consumer realize that it is a new assortment, a new mix and I think it'll be exciting to them. 
Gary Philbin: Well for -- clearly, as I have mentioned, I would tell you anecdotally from our folks in the field that just tell us they're seeing new customers coming in. A data point we do track is on customer feedback that we see folks who identify themselves as new customer. And then on a week-in, week-out basis, we see the number of folks that actually sign up for the first time using Family Dollar app, which we saw a spike on as people were looking for essentials. So that's our vector, has been on me -- to us that we've had an opportunity here to showcase our H2 stores, but also just improvement in our store base at Family Dollar. So that's a positive that [ might work ]. For Dollar Tree, on the margin mix, when you think about that 490 basis point shift, I mean, I guess there's a start there. I mean that was the low point for us, losing that amount of business on a key holiday in the discretionary business. And we're getting that back to normal now. And I think if you're asking the question around if we think we'll get mix and mark-on. Well, mark-on, just fine. And when we take a look at categories like Craft now that are comping outside the norm, that's going to be a help. So as we get back to a more normal mix, the mark-on's just fine and then to Kevin's point, the thing down the line that still deserve our attention, we do have to do better on shrink. We're willing to spend more in our DCs right now to get essentials to our stores. That's probably going to be with us through at least Q2, if not past that.  And when you're bringing in essentials, that does have an effect on the fact that you're paying basically the same freight on lower value trailers of bleach or paper towels or whatever it is compared to the normal mix. Those are sort of the near-term and short-term things that -- the way I'm thinking about it. But we're in a different place on mix right now, and we would expect Dollar Tree's gross margin to get the help from those that I called out. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. So yes, we are seeing some impact as the stimulus gets released into the market and the tax refunds, especially on the Family Dollar side. And as Gary described, we saw some nice momentum in our discretionary side of the business with our home and drilling and coal. So we can see a correlation of the stimulus dollars being released and an increase in our basket size. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Gary described in his comments, at first, with the huge demand for those first 3 weeks, it was very weighted heavily towards the consumables side and the cleaning products and paper products. And post Easter, it shifted to at-home, our apparel business is very strong, soft home housewares, home decor, toys and hardware. And the good news is you asked about our inventory position going into the year, we were very strong in inventory position on those categories. So we are able to maintain this good in-stock position for the back half of the first quarter. And now we're -- as Gary is saying, the good news is we're replenishing those sales.  And as you heard from me on March 4, talk about at Family Dollar, those were the categories that we're going to work really hard on to turn around our discretionary business, with basic products, with sharper price points and trying to get it into our stores in our sets and our H2 and that's what we're replenishing with now. So we sold through our inventory. What we're buying now and the changes of our replenishment. And as you heard from Gary, it is selling just as fast as we are bringing it in. So the good news is we're chasing that product and it's turning fast. And the product that we are buying now with our new disciplines is turning into customers are reacting to it. I would say one other piece of the pie that we didn't plan on, but it's starting to show up is in the closeout business. We believe there's going to be a lot of value at Family Dollar and Dollar Tree for closeouts going into the next several months. 
Michael Witynski: This is Mike. We think about it as that goes away that we will be in a great position as a value retailer when people are unemployed and they don't have that source of income. They will need value more than ever. And we should be in a great position to provide that for them. 
