Gary Philbin: Thanks, Kevin. Work from our teams in 2019 set the stage for us to be able to grow and improve our businesses in 2020. Our teams are able to achieve several important milestones through '19 and mitigate some of the challenges. The time, effort, resource and focus on bringing more than 500 jobs to Chesapeake, Virginia by consolidating our store support centers; the Family Dollar store optimization effort to close more than 400 stores and rebanner another 200; the doubling of H2 renovation projects from 518 to more than 1,119; all the tariff mitigation efforts regarding trade during the year; and the impact last year to our balloon and party business from the helium shortage.  Here's the good news for 2020. Our management team is in one place, with our senior leadership, focusing on the priorities and initiatives to drive the business. Our management team is tapped to do the following: as always, drive our top line with exciting merchandising execution; improve on shrink; drive supply chain efficiencies, both in freight and distribution costs; improve the mix on the discretionary side of Family Dollar, creating more value; reinvent the WOW of Dollar Tree, as always, with our new drive the business opportunities that you heard Mike describe and Dollar Tree Plus! continue our tariff mitigation on each buying trip and the continued refinements to drive the H2 format this year and next. Our customers are responding to the store layout and assortment and price impact. Our teams are focused and energized and well prepared for 2020.  As we start Q1, we have seen our customers at Dollar Tree respond to our first big seasonal holiday, Valentine's Day. Helium was in good supply, and certainly not the issue we had last year. We had a terrific holiday, with sales, traffic and positive comps in our party department.  For Family Dollar, we have been focused on tax refund time to drive our business into departments that our customer spends on this time of the year. We have increased promotional activity during this important time. And we are at the peak of it right now and like the traffic we are seeing across those departments. All this progress will not be possible without the contributions of each and every one of our associates. For them, in more than 15,200 stores across the U.S. and Canada, our network of 24 distribution centers and our store support center in Chesapeake, Virginia, I'd like to just add my thanks to all of them for their ongoing commitment, dedication and efforts to serve our customers every day. Our efforts in 2020 are focused on the urgency around our key initiatives to drive bottom line results in supply chain, our continued progress on H2 store renovations, shrink, elevating training at field and store level for increased customer engagement.  In summary, we are -- we continue to focus and make meaningful progress to grow and improve our business for both brands. We are well positioned in the most attractive sector of retail to deliver continued growth and increase value for our shareholders. The combination of more than 15,200 Dollar Tree and Family Dollar stores provides us the opportunity to serve more customers in all types of markets. Our teams are excited about seizing the opportunities in tackling the challenges ahead of us in 2020.  Operator, we're now ready for questions. 
Gary Philbin: Matt, Gary. I would just say this. Long term, we've always been between 35% and 36%,  and that's what we're going to get back to and operate within those ranges. And I mean, you nailed it. The transitory issues have been tariff, distribution, freight, shrink. Those are all the things that I think the longer we are able to navigate around them, we'll be able to see them go away and some effort on each buying trip as if tariffs stay in place, we mitigate them.  The mix, I'm pleased with. We've seen, despite the fact that we always drive traffic in that Snack Zone, our customers are really going to be excited about Crafter Square. And that's the other side of the margin equation that we've always done at Dollar Tree. So it's always a 1, 2 step with us. And I think we get back to the 35%, 36% for Dollar Tree. 
Gary Philbin: The other piece, Matt, is we'll be building up on H2s as we go through the year as well. And regarding the promotional activity, I would just tell you, we knew there was a shortened holiday season for the Christmas season. And we just went into this year knowing that while we're going to be cycling some of the red tag event, we also really got to get after the discretionary side of our business at Family Dollar. And tax time last year, I think we just had an opportunity to build on. It's when our customer has money in her pocket. It's what she's shopping the store for things that she does always have money for. And it shows up in bedroom, bathroom, kitchen items that are basically the capital expenses for her for the beginning of the year. So we want to go into this season with really loaded with the right items, what we think is the appropriate promotional activity in Q1 during this important tax time. 
Gary Philbin: Robby, this is Gary. Listen, I don't think it's either/or. I mean the same way that at Dollar Tree, we've always gone after what you do to drive the business. That tends to be on the consumable side of the store. And then what do you have to do that is on the customer maybe want list instead of needs list. So what Rick brings to it is that process. And our strategy is very clear. We're speaking with one voice, not just to our people, but also to the trade, which goes a long way. And a lot of the discretionary business is things that we can import, the things that we can drive the business on because we invent the product.  Yes, our customers need basics, but when you get to the seasons, when you get to cook out time, when you get to celebrations, we're introducing Hallmark cards into Family Dollar this year. You heard us talk an awful lot about that over the last 18 months at Dollar Tree in the same kind of card assortment, slightly different, will be into Family Dollar stores as well. And even if it's in consumables, I think it's important to just point out maybe what's different at Family Dollar is our private brand business.  And while it's,  "a consumable," it's a higher-margin category across all of our own private brands. So that's something that we drive as well. Our immediate consumption is also a consumable, a snack, a drink. Those also are above-average margin. So those are the things that Rick is going to bring to the party.  And then like all good retailers, we have competitors out there. And what we like about H2 is the lift we've been getting with the format has typically been in places where we don't see because we have that kind of competition out there. So that's why we're happy with the H2 lift as we go into 2020. 
Gary Philbin: Simeon, well, I think you've teed it up. The priority for us is to go after the discretionary business at Family Dollar. We've been happy with the consumables because it's been driving the traffic. But like I said before, you got to do both. So what's not working? We can spend a lot of time on that. But I think it's more about our process. It's about the value we bring to our customers as being in stock on the right items and the right store. It's inventing what's new.  I think sometimes we fall into the trap. This is a customer that counts on Family Dollar for basics, without a doubt. You've got to be right on that. You've got to be ready on 1st of month. You've heard me say we got 13 holidays at Family Dollar, 12 1st of the month and the extra ones, the tax refund time. But that also means we got foot traffic in the store and the ability for us to find the right items in apparel, on seasonal, on electronics, on toys, those are the type of things that need value, the marketing behind it, the price-value equation, promotional activity. And really, those are the things that I think between Mike and Rick and the team at Family Dollar are very focused on right now to build this up. And I don't know another way of doing it, Simeon, other than going 4 feet by 4 feet across a store or when we're over in Asia, going through our items. We go through a SKU at a time and say what are we buying? What's the value equation? What's in the marketplace? And that's always been our process. So it's about that as much as it's about the item. 
Gary Philbin: Well, on a seasonal basis, we get a grade at the end of every season. So that part is sort of easy. Now as many guys sort of go back and reboot for the next year on what I would consider some of the basics on imports. So we -- but we can accomplish if you've been into an H2 on the impulse tables on our queuing line on some of the basics there every day.  There, we have a chance either to do resets in some of the categories, which might need a major reset or to put in some impulse items that we can tap. So  you'll be iterative as we go through the year, both on -- both of those parallel paths, what are we doing across the categories and what are we doing from an in-and-out basis on some of the impulse categories --  it's not -- now unlike what we do at Dollar Tree, but different from the standpoint that there will be items, some at $1, but we have an opportunity to sell to customer here the things that she -- maybe at the end, that was on our list that's something cool at $5. 
Gary Philbin: Well, we've always taken a look at what's it take to stay within the fleet in terms of top line sales, cash contribution. I think last year, what we were able to accomplish with the 400 closings was just get the stores that weren't going to get a lift because, in some cases, too small or the town had shifted, all the various reasons that we called out at the time. Yes, I think we take a look at the end of -- basically a lease term, and we take a look at the future of the store.  Our guidance calls out something -- I would say, history says, between 75 and 90. I think we've put in over 100 this year on closings, and I think that reflects the continued really taking a look at all the stores and what it takes to stay within our store base as we continue to do and get better lifts on our remodels. Our fleet will change. We will have more and more stores be 5 years less -- 5 years or less, since they've been touched last through the new stores, H2 renovations, what we've closed, what we've rebannered. So our customer at Family Dollar is going to see a different fleet of stores. 
Gary Philbin: I'm going to hand it over to Mike, if you don't mind, just because he's been leading the charge on this one. 
Gary Philbin: Scot just second piece. Dollar Tree Plus! 2.0, I think the way we're thinking about it, here's a chance to expand the circle for Dollar Tree. That's why we're doing it as much as anything to do that and expand margin because we think we have the opportunity here to really manufacture the type of items that we've done at $1 price point.  So let's do some of the same things that create value, create that WOW effect. And that's why we're doing it.  So listen, I'd like to think that we're in a stable environment here for tariffs. That gives our team a chance to go over and continue to mitigate on each buying trip and find value and add items and drop items. It's what we do. It's easier when we obviously know the rules that we're playing with, when we go over. So I think Dollar Tree Plus! is about expanding who comes into a Dollar Tree. That's our primary purchase and have them buy more. 
Gary Philbin: Kelly, I would be disappointed if we don't get to the fourth quarter and have a much better season. Part of it will be we've got a better calendar for sure. Part of it will be some of the efforts we made in January on the buying trip. So I think by the time we get to the holiday season, at Family Dollar, my expectation is we ought to see improvement year-over-year. And that's what we're tasking ourselves with.  So as we go through the year, we all pick up steam, but don't lose sight. The other piece of this on the consumables is we want to get after the great offers on the private brands, which our customer sees great value versus national brands. We -- that's the same kind of effort we need there as much as we need on discretionary consumables. Within consumables, we can drive private brands. 
Gary Philbin: And Judah, I would just, [ for up to ], we continue to work on supply chain. It's not the easiest thing to lift up a supply chain from China to move somewhere else, but we have done it. And we've moved it to other Southeast Asian countries. We moved some back domestically. We move some to Mexico.  So that's part of what we do on every trip. So it is something that we have -- as long as we have visibility to it, we can make better choices on what we want to buy to. So stability will go a long way. But the $47 million is what we see because we still got inventory flowing through in Q1 at the higher 15% on 4A. The 7.5% didn't go into effect till Valentine. That's going to take a while to unwind. And then we'll have that product going through that wasn't in place last year. So I hope that gives you some color on it. 
Gary Philbin: Well, the -- I called out really I've always thought the efforts around our seasons are so important at Dollar Tree, which is why I called out Valentine's Day and a much better holiday this year, and we gotten out of the gates quickly and lots of love in the air. We sold over 10 million-plus balloons and cards. And so that all felt pretty darn good to us for Dollar Tree and been a good Valentine's at Family Dollar, which is a smaller department. But the bigger opportunity there was tax time, which I called out on some of the promotional activity.  We certainly are seeing a spike on anything that's related to hand sanitizers and cleaning surfaces. But I would say we're also in 1st of month right now in tax refund time. So right now there is money in the market for all those reasons, plus a heightened efforts for everyone to wash their hands and use hand sanitizer. So we're seeing that in the stores as well. 
Kevin Wampler: Sure, Matt. This is Kevin. Thank you for the question. Again, I think, obviously, moving pieces in the last couple of years. And I think, obviously, most recently, tariffs this year, obviously, have been a headwind, which, obviously, will fully cycle as we go through the year. The team continues to work to mitigate and do everything we can to provide great value to our consumer through that process. I think the other thing, if you look at our mix, our mix at Dollar Tree continues to be good.  I think, obviously, there's been some things outside of the actual product cost at the end of the day. So if you look at distribution costs, you look at shrink, some items that traditionally, we've been very good at controlling, and we can be very good in the future as we go forward as well. I think those are the items that we have to work on. I think the -- but overall, the consumable and discretionary business, we feel very good about where we're at. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Matt. I think we do look for positive comps in each quarter of the year. We do look for the business to get stronger as we go. We will cycle some red tag sales from our stores that we were closing last year. So we have a little higher hurdle from that as we go. But I think that will be fine. So I think that's -- from that perspective, we would expect positive as we go through the year. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. I think when we think about it long term, Robby, is, obviously, we've got a lot of noise in the number the last couple of years with various charges and onetime discrete costs and so forth. But on a general basis, my viewpoint would always be, we're going to look to grow our bottom line faster than top line. And I think we're always looking to say, can -- we want to grow 10% plus on our EPS. It is always the way we're going to look at it. And I think, historically, we've been able to do that. I think we're going to get back to that as we go forward. And while we don't traditionally use an algorithm per se, that's just how I think about it from a metric standpoint. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Chuck, as we look out, to your point, in total, we are looking for improvement in our gross profit line for the year. Again, it is a little more back half oriented, where we see that improvement as we cycle the tariffs that we called out for Q1 and Q2. And to your point, the tariffs affect the Dollar Tree banner. Probably about 80% of the tariffs are related to Dollar Tree. There are some Family Dollar effect out of those tariffs as well.  So I think if you look at that, I think the other point that we have going on in gross profit is distribution. And I think we've seen a little more pressure on the Dollar Tree side than the Family Dollar side. But in general, I think we'll see -- we're going to see improvement in both and -- as we go through the year. So I think that's kind of how we're thinking about SG&A. On the other side of the equation, the SG&A side, I think, is flat to slightly better. And again, obviously, top line helps dictate that as well as us controlling our costs. And obviously, the pressure point has been store labor with the average hourly rate increases. And again, we always have initiatives to help reduce that, and the team continues to do that. But that's the one point of pressure really on the SG&A side. 
Kevin Wampler: Scot, as it relates to the Q4 tariffs, again, we did see those flow through as we guided to. And again, in the prepared remarks, I called out the fact that within the Dollar Tree banner itself, it was basically about 65 basis points of headwind. So those did flow through. And as you -- and really the change in tariffs that happened since we last spoke was the 4A going to -- from 15% to 7.5%, but that it actually didn't happen until February 14 after quarter end. So really, everything we talked about when we talked to you last at the end of Q3, it was in place, and we did see it flow through our P&L. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Kelly. I think as you think about it, our consumable mix were approximately 77% consumables at this point in time. So to move it, it takes a lot, as you might imagine. The plan would be to, obviously, have performed better in discretionary this year as we go through. Obviously, we're disappointed in Q4 in that arena. As we go through the year, we think we can positively affect that. It will have moved it a lot in the first year, maybe not a lot, but I think it builds the foundation to continue that improvement going forward is the way we would think about it. 
Kevin Wampler: As it relates to $47 million, to your last part of your statement, yes, we do believe that if tariffs stay as they currently are that the incremental piece we're seeing is the last major incremental piece. It's always going to change based on the mix of products we select and bring to the marketplace.  I don't know -- from an overall standpoint, if the standpoint of $47 million additional this year, we have to remember a couple of things. One, at this point in time a year ago, Lists 1 through 3 were 10%. They're now at 25%. List 4A at 7.5% did not exist. So basically, that's what you're -- we're cycling against. And then in some instances, we've decided not to mitigate some of these just based upon the value perception of the product that we bring to the marketplace. So I think those are some of the things that play into that. But I -- to your point, this should be -- assuming that things -- the tariff rules stay as they are as we get through the first half, then it becomes more of an even playing field going forward. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks for the question. We look forward to the new categories. There's going to be about 20 new categories across the store in 4-foot sections and the variety of categories that you said. We're excited about them. They'll start landing it, I would say, 2/3 of them in this month and then some in late April, early May and then cleaning up just a few in October.  But we're excited about them. They're going to be more of the general merchandise and the excitement in the WOW. We've looked at the marketplace. We know it's out there. Those price points of $5 and below. And we're going to bring some nice products with some good margins for the company. 
Michael Witynski: We believe we can show the second part of your thought is the better value. It's what Dollar Tree is known for is bringing that excitement in WOW. We know the manufacturers that can help us produce those products, and we think we can bring more value to the customer in those categories. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, thanks for your question. This is Mike. Our turnover at our retail stores is actually trending to be that we just finished up the best year we've had in the last several years at both banners, Family Dollar and Dollar Tree at the store manager ranks. And at our DC, we do have turnover. And we -- as we look at the competitive environment and the average hourly rate by markets, we are adjusting accordingly to mitigate that as much as possible. 
