Bob Sasser: As we stated in our prepared remarks, we're not taking questions related to our acquisition of Family Dollar. The Family Dollar shareholder vote is scheduled for December 23. We're eager to add the Family Dollar name to our portfolio, but I can't take questions about it. I will tell you that we're excited about our business at Dollar Tree. Third quarter was a terrific result, and we beat on every metric. Our strategy is working. Customers really are finding us as a way of balancing their budget. They know that they can find things they need and the things they want. And you can come to Dollar Tree and you can get what you want, things that you need, and it's a nice shopping experience. Our customers described it as a fun shopping experience. They always find something that they didn't expect to find and always at great value. So we're different. Everything's $1 at Dollar Tree, has been now for 28 years. No one else can say they have the same price as 28 years ago. We're very proud of that. We're very proud of the brand image that we've built with our customers. We're very proud of the execution, especially in third quarter, that we just finished. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, we're excited about fourth quarter. I'll tell you that we've got terrific plans, we got the best merchandise plans ever. So we're excited about it. And frankly, we -- our momentum continues in the fourth quarter. It's just begun. We were only a couple of weeks into the quarter, so hard to declare victory, but I feel really good about fourth quarter. Kevin shared with you how we plan our guidance. We try to tell you -- we try to include everything we know about our business and our guidance, and then we need -- we always consider things we don't know that might happen, so our guidance is pretty good. I think you can count on it to give you the best thought at it. He's right, though because we've beat -- through third quarter, we've beat and we've added that to our guidance that we gave in February and that was before we knew the pressures that we were going to have on our freight. So we've overcome the pressures that we had from freight and still beat, and we have raised our guidance here because of the beat. So I think that's extra special, frankly, because it speaks to the execution of the model. It speaks to the management team's ability to respond by driving sales, by managing cost, by managing flow of product to the stores. And it really was a terrific quarter. Our forecast for fourth quarter is our best forecast with the things we know. It has no bearing on how excited we are. As we enter it, the excitement for fourth quarter is huge. Our merchandise plans, I'll just share with you, I'll take a little more of your time, but we have terrific new product in our fourth quarter. We've got cellphone and tablet accessories for $1, all for $1, trend right, fashion right, things you find in other retailers for much more than $1. We've got -- by the way, with the cold weather, our winter wear is the best it's ever been. We've got the Snugadoo socks for the ladies and the gloves and the hats and the scarf, and they're all just $1. So we're excited about the winter wear that we have. Our catering assortment, I don't know if you follow that part of the business, all the catering supplies that we sell, we've expanded that assortment for holiday. It's the right time. It's the right product. We've got the plated utensils. We've got the plated -- the silver-plated matching plates, we've got the plated wine and champagne glasses and for all your parties for the holidays, and we -- it's just going to be terrific merchandise in our stores. I could go on and on about the new items and the new product that our merchandise team is bringing to bear, but we are excited about our holiday and our Christmas sale. For that reason, it's all about merchandise, it's all about stores and it's all about the customers. 
Bob Sasser: The $1.25 in Canada, that's Canadian dollars. So on a conversion rate, the Canadian dollar is around $0.89, something like that, $0.87 to $0.89. So we charge $1.25 in Canada. First of all, that was the price when we bought Dollar Giant, which was a company we bought, so we left that the same. But we left the $1.25 price because as the value of the product that we're selling in Canada, as it relates to the U.S. product, we're selling a lot of the same product. So in Canada, with the conversion, you actually need $1.25 or need higher than $1 to make the margins work. Also, the costs or the cost of doing business in Canada are a little higher. So we have a lot of the things in Canada that we sell in the U.S. We add to that assortment of product that we source in Canada or that we source especially for Canada for the $1.25 product. And again, we're having success, building the brand, we're investing in the business, we're investing in new stores, in infrastructure there and have been, and we'll continue to. We're pleased with where we're going with Canada. I wouldn't expect us to raise prices at Dollar Tree to $1.25 in the long view. I would have even said the near-term, but the long-term. And at the -- in the U.S., everything's $1 and Dollar Tree resonates. We've built that brand. We've proven that we can run that over time. Our margins are better, our values are better. Everything's $1 at Dollar Tree, so we don't have any intentions of raising our price in the U.S. to $1.25. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, I'll try to give you some color on the Deal$ and the Canadian stores. We had nice comps in the quarter in our Deal$, I'm just going to talk about Deal$ first. Strongest comps at Deal$. We're in the Southeast, followed by the Midwest. Our average transaction was up in the quarter at Deal$ stores, so I was pleased with that. Comps by division, again, were strongest. And our general merchandise comps were the strongest, followed by our seasonal and then our basic. We had 4 big merchandising events for the quarter in Deal$ versus the 3 that I spoke to at Dollar Tree. At Deal$, we had the back-to-school event, Halloween event, our anniversary event, and also, early opening of Toyland, because we have a little bit different toy business in our Deal$ stores. Sticking to those just a little bit, we had a strong back-to-school season in our core stationary departments and, really, an exceptional year in selling backpack as we continue to surprise our customers with great values on that type of product. Our stores, again, made a quick transition from back-to-school into our fall and harvest, and our anniversary sale. Our Halloween business, our candy sales were strong for the candy season. We had a particularly strong seasonal sales in that category. We featured more brands than last year, and the consumer reacted enthusiastically to that expanded offering. In the anniversary sale event, it featured many bonus branded value packs. Some examples were Dawn value pack, and Softsoap, and Lysol, and Lysol Tub and Tile bonus packs, and we had General Mills bonus cereal sizes, and a pretty broad array of bonus buys and wow items throughout the period of time. All of this was prominently featured, supported by our circular events. And additionally, we're able to support these products and the manufacturers' FSIs [ph] in our stores, always trying to create more value opportunities for our customers. And lastly, our Toyland opened earlier this year, so we opened up for that in the fourth quarter, featuring more favorites from the name brands, Mattel and Hasbro and other major toy manufacturers. We still are focused on this great assortment of $5 toys that we continually offer each year, but this year's assortment is even larger. The -- we continue to grow our GM and our seasonal departments at a faster rate than our consumables, but we're focused on offering more products and a broader mix of everyday items to help make our customers' shopping trips more efficient. Talking about the mix, the consumables was over 60% of the mix at Deal$ for the quarter. That's been about what it's been running. Our average ticket at Deal$ for the quarter was $9.73, that's higher than our Dollar Tree average ticket as you might expect. We're selling more and more of our items above $1 at our Deal$ stores. The average ticket on items greater than $1 was $14.49, so the idea of driving a higher average sale for our customers, offering more value on more products, seems to be getting traction. 50-some-percent of all transaction had items greater than $1, and greater than $1 items represented 50% of our Deal$ total sales. So a good quarter in Deal$, really executing on the brand. And we can do better and we can continue to improve and we're learning all the time on the new concept. We're following our customers closely and trying to give them more of the things that they want. In Canada, our comp sales were driven by both average ticket and traffic. Top categories, top departments in Canada were our food department, followed by snacks and beverage, and then our floral department. I'm speaking in terms of comp sales increases. Our store count for the quarter, there were 205 stores in Canada, 9 new stores opened in Q3. 27 new stores have opened year-to-date. We've run more and more promotions throughout the quarter in Canada. We had a compare and save program, with 6 compare and save events, almost 50 items. They included special buys of name brands and private label merchandise. In conjunction with these compare and save programs, we had a special signing. We changed these items throughout the quarter. We continue to refine our seasonal business in Canada and we see an opportunity to own the seasonal business at the $1.25 CAD price point just as we do in the U.S. at $1. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I think November was affected by a calendar shift last year, Thanksgiving shift. So last year was one of those bad calendar years, then by the time you get to the end, it all sort of comes out washed. But I wouldn't look at the trend versus November as being relevant, because the calendar shift this year is much more normalized. I think we have 1 more day between -- in December between Thanksgiving and Christmas that's in December. 
Bob Sasser: Ever. Meredith, we've been saying that for 15 years, I guess. It's probably time to -- we were just talking about that, it's probably time to go back and revisit that because the world has changed and there's -- we changed our stores, we've changed the way we go to market. We serve more customers now. And the 7,000 stores was Dollar Tree stores. Our Canadian stores now, we -- that's another -- that's 1,000 store potential, so that brings us to 8,000 stores. And then the Deal$ stores increases that number. But it's probably time to go back and do some work on that. It's going to end up being -- it would be more potential than less potential, though. I wouldn't be able to quantify that yet, but it is probably time to revisit that number. I don't know how many years we've been saying that, but it's been a long time. 
Kevin Wampler: I think as we think about it, you've heard us say before, we focus on our business. We focus on what we can control, and that's the way we've always thought about our business. Our dollar -- the Dollar price point is a key differentiator at the end of the day. Customer loves it. We focus on the customer. Again, as we talk about our stores, it's about a fun, friendly shopping environment. Associates that are friendly and greet the customer. A lot of our store people know the folks that shop in their stores on a first name basis that are their regular customers. So I think there's a lot of that, that goes into it. But again, at the end of the day, it is our belief to just focus on what we can control and then execute to it. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, I think as we think about the guidance, just big picture, Scott. I know you folks like to look at these 2-year stacks and things like that, and the 2-year stack might suggest that we should be doing a 7 comp in the fourth quarter, which, obviously, would be a tall task for anybody at the end of the day. But as we look at the guidance, we expect -- we're going to do every -- we're going to ring the register every time we can during the quarter, and we think we've got a good merchandise plan. The stores look great. I hope you all get the -- have a chance to get out and get in our stores and see our holiday merchandise as we move through the season. But I think in the guidance standpoint, we still expect headwinds from freight. It's going to continue to be there. We expect -- we would expect a little leverage on SG&A. I think the other thing that -- and the big picture I want everybody to realize is that we have not changed our guidance from what we gave originally in February, other than to adjust for the actual results and the acquisition costs. What we got to remember is the February guidance did not contemplate the level of freight headwinds that we've faced during this year. So we've been able to offset that by driving sales and controlling cost and creating leverage on expenses. So I mean, I think that's been a big part of this. And I think it really kind of points back to what you heard Bob and I say before, that is, if we can see it coming, we can react accordingly. We can make plans within the business to work to mitigate some of these increases that we may see in certain line items. So I think there's a lot of moving pieces, but I think, really, given some of the cost pressures we've seen on freight, I really feel pretty good about our performance this year, but also as we look at guidance. And at the end of the day, if we're able -- the guidance is there, we're always going to look to outperform if we can. But obviously, if you ask the people in Buffalo right now, you don't know what the weather's going to be, and so there's a lot of unknowns as we continue through the quarter. 
Kevin Wampler: Michael, as we looked at it, I think part of it is a little bit of mix in the sense of the discretionary goods. We get a little bit of a benefit in the sense Halloween falls in the third quarter. It's a large discretionary category for us as we move through the quarter. I think, again, it's always a balance, at the end of the day. Providing great value. Doesn't mean we had any less of the national brands. You heard us talk about the fact that we had the best anniversary sale ever, with 200 items, bonus buy items and with just absolutely fantastic results for us. So we look at those things. So again, it's always about a balancing act. The discretionary product, very, very good, as was the consumable product, but we just didn't see quite the same effect that we saw in the second quarter. But again, it's always going to be that, a little give, a little take, and that's the way we've always looked at our business. 
Kevin Wampler: Well -- it has a potential to be helpful, obviously. So talk about a couple of different metrics here. For the third quarter, the average diesel price was down $0.13 to last year. And compared to how we had forecasted it in our guidance, there's really only about $0.02 difference, so it's really not a big differential there. Bigger picture as we think about diesel, the metric I pointed to in the past is that if diesel was down $1 for the full fiscal year, it would have -- it would be a benefit of about $0.10 to earnings to us. There should be a little bit of help in Q4 because the differential between a year ago and where we're at today will be a little bit pronounced, more pronounced than the $0.13 we saw in Q3, but I have to move quite a bit to have a significant effect on the overall cost because the fuel is just one component of the overall trucking rate that we end up paying. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, so your first question really relates to SG&A, and we had terrific results as it relates to SG&A in the third quarter, with about 80 basis points of leverage, which is probably even a little more than we might've expected. And as I've said, if you go back and you look at the first quarter on a 2 comp, we got 40 basis points of leverage in SG&A, and I said it was probably maybe more than we would expect on a normal basis. So there's always gives and takes at the end of the day. We did have, as you said, store payroll. We leveraged that. When you do a 6 comp and you're not planning for a 6 comp necessarily right out of the box, you will definitely tend to gain a little momentum there. We talked about health care costs being one of the benefit this year. If you remember, a year ago at this time, we were actually talking about health care costs being up. As a reminder, we're self-insured basically. So last year, we had more large unusual claims than normal. This year, while we had some, they haven't been to the same extent, so you get a little bit of dichotomy there year-over-year. So I think as we go -- so we probably got a little bit more leverage in the third quarter than maybe I would've even expected. And so, obviously, the guidance doesn't plan it to that extent going forward, not surprisingly. On the gross margin side, as far as the freight, I mean, the freight was really the majority of the change, basically. So the 40 basis point decrease was pretty much the majority of that was freight. There were also, as we said, some other pluses and minuses. Mix was a little bit negative, IMU a little bit positive, and a little bit of occupancy benefit leverage, so freight was really the driver of the decrease. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, Matt, I mean I think you're exactly right, they're not guidance. We have not obviously given guidance to 2015 or thereafter at this point in time. Those are based upon certain plans. But again, I don't look to them as guidance. We'll obviously give you some guidance for 2015 in about 3 months from now and I think we'll be able to speak in more terms then. 
Kevin Wampler: I think this year, as we said 460 freezer cooler projects, installs. A larger portion of the installs are going into new stores than they were a few years ago. As a reminder, the things that limit us from adding freezers and coolers to a store could be store size. If it's just not -- if it's not bigger than 8,000 square feet, it's hard for us to have the room to do a good job with our freezers and coolers. In some instances, we're restricted from having freezers and coolers by other retailers in the shopping center where we're at. And then we typically have a volume -- sales volume hurdle that we apply as well within the mix. So we'd love to add the freezers and coolers. As we said, it drives traffic. And as we've said historically, we tend to see a 5% to 10% lift on the store, but that's not just in the consumable side, it's across all categories. So it's been a very good driver of sales on an overall basis and frequency of trips by our consumers, so it will be -- continue to be an important part of how we look to go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: I think fee development is part of our overall growth strategy, and we like fee development from the standpoint that, sometimes, within a retail node, there's just not in-line space available. And sometimes, we can find a parcel of land that's in good location, gives us a lot of exposure to the traffic, the retail traffic, and it allows us to build a box that we really like, the 10,000 square-foot box. It lays out our linears really well for -- and our adjacencies for our merchandising, and it really allows us to put our best foot forward. The other thing, because we're -- we control a piece of land, we obviously are not restricted from having freezers and coolers, so we can have a nice cooler -- freezer and cooler presentation. And what we've seen over the portfolio that we've built to this point, which is still small -- very small subset of the total, is that they performed very well from a sales perspective. We really like what we've been able to do there. So they do continue to be a part of the way we look at our real estate strategy. Again, it's more capital to do that. But in this case, when we have the capital, it's just a nice way to go. And it obviously allows us to continue to grow at the rate that we'd like to grow, which is that 7% square footage growth here or a little more. So I think that's the way we think about it, Meredith. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, I think it's just another avenue of growth. It's another arrow in the quiver, so to speak, of the way to open stores. When you're opening, you're doing 450 projects a year. In-line space is not always available where you're looking at it, where you're looking to grow, where we don't have stores as the real estate team works through the optimization plans of looking at where we have opportunities to open stores. So it's becoming an important aspect, the way we look at it. And we said, what we really like is the fact that we got a really, really good looking store that, to this point, have performed above average from a sales per square foot and a pro forma basis. So that tells us that we're doing something right. 
Kevin Wampler: We haven't at this point in time. I think it's there to be looked at. It's something that we think about. We haven't updated that number in probably ... 
