Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. We entered this year with goals to drive more customer traffic, to delight our customers with surprising values on merchandise they need and want, to improve our shopping experience, and to build market share. I’m pleased to report that we’re off to a good start towards accomplishing these goals. First quarter sales grew 11.5% to a record $1.72 billion. Driven by increased customer traffic, comp store sales increased 5.6% on top of a 7.1% comp last year. Our inventory is balanced and more productive than ever. Our turns increased again in the first quarter and we entered second quarter well prepared for new store growth and customer demand. Our operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 10.9%. That’s the all-time highest first quarter operating margin in our history. Net income grew 15% to $116.1 million and earnings per share increased by 22% to $1 per share. In addition, we opened 110 new stores across the U.S. and Canada, and so far the productivity of the new store class has been performing ahead of last year. The Deals brand is gaining traction, both traffic and average ticket are growing. Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach and we’re working to build and expand our Canadian business. As I look to the future, I see even more opportunity to grow our business through new Dollar Tree stores, more productive stores, and category expansion. We’re developing new formats and new channels with Deals and Dollar Tree Direct, and we’re expanding geographically as Canada provides an opportunity for substantial growth. All of this provides a roadmap for sustained profitable growth ahead. We’re now ready for your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you limit your questions to two. 
Bob Sasser: Well John, the cooler roll-out contributes more to—has been recently contributing more to traffic gains. It’s a faster turning product. It’s a product category that people buy more frequently. One of the reasons we like it so much is that it does give us—first of all, it fills a customer need. They’re responding very favorably to it, but it gets the customer to come to us more often, and more footsteps in the store gives us the ability to showcase our seasonal product and all the variety merchandise that we do so well in and is so important to our continued profitability. I mentioned that our consumer products are growing; our variety sales were also growing. The consumer products are growing generally by category at a faster pace than the variety, but they’re both growing very nicely. So the traffic increase of 5.4%, I view as a terrific metric. We’re gaining more customers all the time. When they’re in the stores, they’re buying the assortment that we have to offer, and by the way I think they’re coming back more frequently. I know they are because of things like frozen and refrigerated foods, because of our health and beauty care items that we sell, because of our household products that we sell. So it was a very healthy first quarter. It was a little, to your point—the flow was a little different because it always is when you have an earlier Easter. Easter was April 8 this year – two weeks earlier – so we had terrific February, we had a terrific March leading up into that Easter April 8. And then as we thought, we were up against Easter for two weeks the year before, and as we planned, the sales fell back after those two weeks after Easter this year. But all in all, we had a terrific first quarter – 5.6%, most of it being driven by traffic.John Zolidis – Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Bob Sasser: Initial markup was up in the first quarter. You know, when you talk about initial markup, it’s all about the—just the initial markup by category, we have a really strong handle around that. The mix of products that we sell is really the thing that drives any variation in our gross profit, or most of the variation in our gross profit. So you know, we’ve just come back from a trip in April. Our buyers have been, as they always are in April, in China and in Asia sourcing for the next spring and the next Valentine’s Day, the next Easter product; and I can tell you that our future has never been brighter. The markup from that trip was—we hit our target markup. Our buyers are saying that they’re not seeing any signs of pricing pressure. Basically, pricing would be characterized on this past trip as stable or maybe even better, depending on the category. So our initial markup, we feel very confident about being able to manage that part of our business – always have had.
Bob Sasser: Well, it’s only two and a half weeks into Q2, and we certainly don’t announce weekly sales, but the color is that we started off Q2 very well. We had a really nice Mother’s Day holiday and there’s nothing that has begun in Q2 that would give me any pause over the guidance that we just gave. We’re off to a great start in Q2.
Bob Sasser: You know, we look at all opportunities, but that’s probably a very small opportunity in that. We were aware of that, by the way.
Bob Sasser: Well Adrianne, I think it means that we’re getting new customers and they’re coming from all walks of life, all demographics. We’re getting new customers, so more traffic in our stores from new customers. Our mix of product that we have evolved to because of customer demand is more of the things that are purchased more often, so existing customers are shopping us also more frequently. The price is still a dollar, so when you talk about the average ticket, that sometimes has been a little stubborn. I view the traffic increase, though, as increase in market share. I view it as more customers finding us every day, and our goal in the stores now is when we get these new customers in, to really, really show them a shopping experience, and that starts with all the fun things that we do at the front of the store with our variety merchandise and our seasonal, and at the same time in-stock and in business on what they came to shop for. We are better in-stock today on basic, needed product than we’ve ever been. When they spend their dollar on their fuel, or $4 sometimes on their gasoline, and they come to our stores, we want to make sure that we give them what they need. So there’s really a concentrated effort on in-stock home basics, running great stores, fun stores, friendly stores, and we’re working on improving the average ticket all the time. I think some of the initiatives that we have in place driving impulse sales on our front end, drive items at our checkouts, the items of the week – all the things when you walk into the store we’re really challenging our customers to add one more item to their basket, and I see that as just an opportunity. If we get the customer traffic in the store, I believe we can then drive some of that average ticket up.
Bob Sasser: Well, carbonated beverages are very important to us at Dollar Tree – it’s a huge business. We sell a private brand or a control label. We sell a lot of it. We also sell the single-serve Coke and Pepsi products at the fronts of our store. We are very pleased with our Pepsi-Coke sales. We think we offer for a buck the best value in the market. Now, you may find somebody running promotions here and there and trying to drive some sales on that. For us, it’s more of an impulse. We get customers in the store. We have them in the refrigerated cases at the front of the store. It’s a buck, it’s a big bottle of Pepsi, and it’s a great value on Coke. And so I don’t know if I’ve answered your question well, but we really don’t see other people’s Memorial Day promotions as really threatening that business. It’s more of an impulse category for us. It’s a big one, but it’s not something that—it’s not a destination, let’s go to blank store and buy our 12-pack or 24-pack of Coke or Pepsi. That’s not how we use it. It’s basically at our price point an impulse buy, and we like both those guys and we do a lot of business with both of them.
Bob Sasser: You know, Dan, we look at both of them, and if you look back at our history, I think it’s remarkable – I use the word remarkable – but we’ve always said that we were in control of our margins, and when pricing was favorable we would maybe take some into margin, but we’re just as likely to put more value into the product and drive more top line. Also over the past several years, we have been responding to consumer needs and selling more of the things they need and building bigger stores and all that. But if you look back at the last 10 years of our history, it really is a remarkably tight range that our gross profit has performed at. If you look back at the last 10 years—now first quarter, we were 35% gross profit this year. Last year, we were 35%. If you look back at the last 10 years, the high was 35.6 and the low was 33.4 in 2006, with the average being about 34.6, so we’re just a little higher—just short of the high range of our gross profit percent. But over 10 years, you think about the changes in diesel fuel prices and you think about the changes in cost of goods up and down, and the mix changes and the larger stores and the more consumable products that we’ve added, and we’ve still managed that gross profit number in just a very tight range. And if you look at our operating margin, we just posted the highest operating margin percent in the history of the Company at 10.9%. So I believe strongly that we’re going to be able to manage our gross profit percent going forward. Could you jump out there and make one year higher? Probably; but our strategy really is more along the line of offering the most value to the customer for one dollar and to deliver the margin that we need for our shareholders. So in doing that, if you look at that 35% range, maybe a few higher, maybe a little lower, but that’s where we’re managing the value of the offering to the customer. That drives top line growth, and when we drive top line growth, we can leverage our SG&A and all the other fixed costs.
Bob Sasser: Well, there’s not a lot to talk about, but we do have one store in Florida in the south Florida area, a Deals store, that we have partnered with a third party and we have a pharmacy. It’s been a very short period of time, and it’s one store. We may try it in another store, too, but it’s clearly in the test mode and it’s so early, I really don’t have anything to report other than, again, we’re always about trying new things and pushing the envelope on what we can offer to our customers and what they want. So this falls into that category, but right now it’s one store for just a very short period of time, and I really don’t have anything. I’d tell you, but I don’t have anything much to report.
Bob Sasser: Well, I can only speak to it from the standpoint of pointing to the operating margin; and remember, our price is still a dollar. Other than our Deals stores, our price is still a dollar, so our markup on what we sell for a dollar by category is favorable. When you start selling more of the consumer products, the mix does put pressure on the gross margin, but then we get the leverage on the fixed costs. So it really is about driving the most value possible to the customer at the dollar price point and delivering that improved operating margin. 10.9% - again, I’ve said it three times, we’re proud of that. It’s the highest first quarter operating margin we’ve ever had, and by the way that’s the highest first quarter penetration of the consumer products that we’ve had. So you can do both – it’s not just markup and it’s not just top line. It’s really both together that provides the quality of earnings that we’re after. Plus, in this time and age that we’re in, our customers want—we serve our customers, we’re going to sell them what they need, what they want. And I’ll just say this, too – as the economy improves—and this has been a trend for several years. This isn’t just a first quarter trend. But as the economy improves, we’re going to do very well also because we do have a terrific mix of variety merchandise at higher margins, and it will be the same thought process but it’s just a little bit different calculation as we drive more variety sales to the mix of consumer products. So that’s the secret formula. It’s not really that secret, but initial markup is important, top line growth is important, and how we manage our costs and our fixed costs as well as our variable costs is how we get to the bottom line.
Bob Sasser: Well you know, we do what we think is the proper amount of installations. We are in some locations restricted by our leases, and there are some locations—you can’t do it in some places. There are some locations that the demographics aren’t as favorable. Believe it or not, I mean, there are some places where we’ve installed and it hasn’t done as well as it has in other places, so we’ve learned where the best demographics are. There are store size implications – you know, as you get below that 9,000 or 8,000 square foot store especially, you begin to pinch the assortment and you really don’t have the room, either on the sales floor for it or in the backroom for it. So there are some natural limitations to that. We are installing them in new stores that we open if they fit our model, if it fits the model of that new store with the demographics and the size and the volume and the delivery availability, so we are putting them into new stores. We think we are going at the proper rate.  We do like it – you’re exactly right, and the stores where we have frozen refrigerated, sales per square foot are higher. Those are usually our largest stores. The average store size in those stores are larger. Our average sales in those stores are higher, and our cash contribution margin—our cash contribution is higher in those stores. So we like everything about the frozen and refrigeration; it just has some natural limitations, and then there are some limitations as we roll it out based on store size. And the delivery – we’ve built this delivery model over time, too, so part and parcel to being able to do it from a restriction standpoint is, by the way, can you efficiently deliver the product to the store and make a few bucks doing it.
Bob Sasser: The mix, Matt – home products is one that we’ve really been staking our claim to over the past several years, and it continues to grow. Now, there is a mix – when you talk about home products from a margin standpoint, it’s a little bit of both. You’ve got home products in regard to household cleaning supplies and paper towels and bath tissue that are fast-turning and lower margin, and then you’ve got home products like some of the tabletop merchandise – the placemats, the dishcloths, and the flatware – and those type products that are higher margin variety products. So you’ve got a little bit of both in that home product category. It’s a huge category for us. It’s one that we think that we want to stake a claim to because it appeals to the broad middle America, and it’s one that we think we can do well at not only the dollar price point but also in our Deals stores. We think it’s an important category, so that’s really the story there. As it appeals to our customers, it’s important and it brings in footsteps with a part of the mix and it makes a lot of money with the other.
Bob Sasser: You know, I can give you some color, Dan, on where we are right now. We’re past Mother’s Day and full-blown into graduation sales, with graduation balloons and parties and all that goes with that. If you look at Dollar Tree stores up front, you’re going to see a really terrific assortment of summer items for summer fun. You’ve got water blasters for a buck, 26-inch water blasters. We have a new item—we’ve done well with our solar stakes – for only a dollar, can you believe that? You buy solar stakes, and for the Memorial Day through the Fourth of July time period, we’ve got some that have the red, white and blue on them, so you can be patriotic and light up your sidewalk all at the same time. Of course, with this time of year, a lot of things around Memorial Day with glow sticks and barbecue items and paper goods and paper plates; and water – you know, we’ve got terrific values on our beverage. So it’s all about summer fun and pools and going to the beach and having fun right now at Dollar Tree, and if you haven’t been in our store lately, you should probably stop by. In our Deals stores, in addition to all the summer fun, we are also selling fans, for example. You know, you can’t sell an electric fan at Dollar Tree for a buck, but you can in our Deals stores and we’re having terrific success with stand fans and other kinds of electric fans. As soon as the weather really turns hot, I expect that business to pop in our Deals stores. Right now, we’re again selling 24-packs of water and little cooler and beach bags, and all the things in Deals for going to the beach or having fun in the summertime, or picnics or that type of thing. So that’s what’s going on right now. There is always something new at Dollar Tree. You know, we’ll come out of the summer, we’ll go into back-to-school as usual, and I’m not going to give you all our secrets right now but I can tell you back-to-school this year will be the best ever. It just will. We’re excited about that, and of course after back-to-school you’re right back into the fall and Halloween and getting into the holiday season again.
Bob Sasser: Yeah, as you can imagine, sales are under pressure. Now that we know what we’re selling and we know what our inventory is by SKU, by store, we’re going through and rationalizing these assortments. You’re trying to get rid of some of the existing products, so you’re selling down on that; and in the meantime, there’s little voids between getting rid of the old and getting in the new. You know, all stores don’t sell down at the same rate. We’re getting it in stock in the DCs, we’re delivering—changing the delivery model so that we can get it from source to DC to store more efficiently up there, and we’re excited about what’s going there. We’ve just started relays in six of our stores up there to really change the flow of the product to more like a—and change the name of the stores to Dollar Tree from Dollar Giant. So what you’re seeing right now is just a lot of activity around building the store teams, about building the merchandise assortment, getting rid of some of the old, replacing it with higher value merchandise from our Dollar Tree assortment. Not that it wasn’t a great value before, but with our buying power we are able to provide even more value for a $1.25 in our Dollar Giant stores.  So you’ve got a headwind to sales right now. Margin is probably neutral—margin rate is probably neutral, and a headwind on SG&A because we’re investing in the business. We’re doing store relays, we’re investing in all the things to put the infrastructure in place so that we can provide the platform for future profitable growth.  Just a look at the cadence – we expect headwinds all first half in our Canada business. We expect it to get better in the second half. I can’t quantify it, but I can tell you that first half is planned to be a lot of activity, a lot of investment and time and effort in getting the stores and the merchandise assortments right, and then showing some improvement in the second half.
Kevin Wampler: Yeah, so obviously we’ve taken into consideration where the pricing is today in our go-forward guidance is a little higher than what we had in our guidance when we gave it back in late February. As we’ve always said, diesel prices being--$0.10 of increase in diesel price will be about $0.08, so if diesel is up $0.10 for a full year, it equates to about $0.08 of earnings at the end of the day—or excuse me, $1 does. So $0.10 is just a piece of that – I’m sorry, I misspoke there - $1 increase in diesel is about $0.08 for the year, so it’s a tenth of that. So it’s very small in the overall scheme of things right now, but obviously the marketplace has been very choppy, to say the least, if you look at it in the sense of the way it’s been up and down. So our crystal ball isn’t any better than anybody else’s realistically to that, so we’ve tried to take the position of expecting it to stay in the area of where it’s at.
Kevin Wampler: Sure. So in regards to the various points that we raised in the sense of goods on the water, we’ve talked a lot about smoothing of inventory flow through our network over the last couple years and the benefits it brings to the entire organization. It all starts with the buy and the scheduled shipment, so we have obviously continued to shift some things around. From an overall perspective, if we look at the things—goods on the water, which is a large portion of the increase, Canada was a little less than the goods on the water at the end of the day. The other thing I would mention is that another factor potentially that really relates to this is our shift in mix of product. So you’ve got to remember, we’re reporting inventory at cost and so part of the increase relates to that shift in the mix as our business has continued to have more consumable business. That difference at retail is really a much smaller increase year-over-year, so that’s a point of it as well. And then I think the other thing to remember is that this is just a point a time disclosure and we have many ebbs and flows in any given year when we have—we’re moving over 250 million cartons of goods around the world. So we look at that but we feel very good. New stores – you know, we did do more new stores. I think we did about 83 new stores last year in Q1; 110 this year, so we do have more new stores. We have plenty of stores opening in Q2 as well, so there is a function of that as well. But I would tell you the largest piece is the goods on the water and our Dollar Tree Canada at the end.
Kevin Wampler: You know, I think it could look—my guess it will potentially come down a little bit, but I would tell you the Canadian process really didn’t really get started until Q2 last year, so that’s likely to continue to be an increase year-over-year for Q2. And again, the other is it’s ebbs and flows – you don’t know exactly when goods are going to get on the water. We have some shipping windows and some things like that, but there’s always ebbs and flows to that. But it’s possible it will come down a little bit.
Kevin Wampler: Well obviously our current credit facility expires in February of 2013, so the term loan is now less than a year to maturity so it automatically moves from long-term to current liability on the balance sheet. Obviously we will look to renew that at some point within the year and prior to expiration. We believe it makes sense to have a line of credit available, even though we’ve traditionally had cash on the balance sheet. So that will be a process that we will go through, and once that happens we’ll obviously announce that and get that out to everybody. But that will be a normal process we will go through.
Kevin Wampler: Well I think as we look at our distribution centers, some of these buildings we’re just now adding larger second shifts and third shifts to, so we continue to work more efficiency into the network. So that plays a role in being able to offset the need for an additional distribution center. Obviously we’ve been building a lot of stores in the northeast the last few years. They tend to be very high volume stores, so the northeast makes sense that we need to a get new distribution center in that area.  Part of it depends on growth, part of it depends upon—again, smoothing of inventory is another way that we can gain efficiencies within our network, and so we continue to look at that. I think, again, size plays a part in it, so when we look at a new distribution center, we always look at size versus stem miles because obviously when you have a bigger building, you can serve more stores, but are your stem miles going to be efficient for you in the long term? So there’s a lot of different factors that go into it, and then part of it is just regionalization. You know, sometimes we grow stronger in certain areas of the country that can create needs maybe prior than it would other areas. So all those things go into consideration.  You know, the typical building—we have buildings that probably service 300, 400 stores, and we have some buildings that service closer to 800 stores, so that kind of gives you an idea – you know, the 400 to 800 range is kind of a general range of stores being serviced by a building – gives you an idea based on growth what may be kind of the cadence at the end of the day, so that you could potentially need one every three to four years.
Kevin Wampler: And Matt, in regards to shrink, we did mention that it was up slightly. It was just slightly, but over the last two years we have been at a level that was a record low level for us, so obviously it’s something that we’re keeping our eye on, and our field teams and our loss prevention teams are very focused on. But again, it’s early in the year. We’re only about a little over 30% reconciled our inventory for this year of our stores, so we have a good opportunity to continue to bring that back into line. But for Q1, it was up just slightly.
