Bob Sasser: Yes, Scot. Well, basically, as I said earlier, the sales strengthened throughout the quarter. April was the strongest. There was the shift of Easter, as you know, which helped April, as well as the weather continued to improve a little bit as we got into April. The quarter was terrifically impacted by named storms. Just as a little reminder, we had 26 named storms across the season last year. 11 of those were in first quarter. And as we moved into February, there were 6 in February; there were 4 in March, almost 1 a week; and then 1 in April, the very first week of April. So as we moved through the quarter, as weather improved and as we got closer to the Easter holiday, our sales strengthened and that momentum has continued into May. Both consumables and our discretionary categories grew. Both were comp positive with the discretionary business only slightly growing at a faster rate. In terms of geography, as you might guess, the southern zones did better. Our sales were led in the Southwest followed by the Southeast and then the Midwest and, of course, the Northeast, which was the most impacted by the negative weather that was -- lagged along. Top-performing categories, we already talked about, were our candy and our checkout and our trend. Our stationery business was very strong. Valentine and Easter, seasonal, even Valentine, even with the horrible weather the week of Valentine's Day, we had acceptable Valentine's Day season. So we're pleased to have come out of that as we did. And of course, we continue to grow our frozen and refrigerated as well as our snacks and beverages. 
Bob Sasser: I think we don't -- I'm not going to break it out, but I would characterize it as it was lagging, I guess. 
Bob Sasser: Absolutely. It was weather. The Northeast, as you know, was the most impacted by weather. Valentine's Day, we had storms. We had all the bad stuff that went on there. So I'm not trying to give you a weather report, just trying to share with you the cadence of the sales. Our sales strengthened because of weather improving and because of getting closer to Easter. As you went through the quarter, our sales strengthened. February into March and then into April, with April being the strongest. 
Bob Sasser: Yes. The -- as I've always said, we're in control of our merchandise margin and we -- our merchants have managed that just terrifically over the years. Our basic purchase markup, I guess, on our margin was solid and slightly better. The shrink also improved as a component of our gross margin. The -- sort of the drag was the transportation cost component of our gross margin. 
Bob Sasser: Okay, Joan, I'll give it a shot here. We always talk about our merchandise assortment. It's a balanced mix of things people need and things people want. So basically, the things you need every day is faster-turning merchandise. It creates traffic in our stores. It's a reason to shop Dollar Tree. You go there for all the great values on paper goods and HBC and household supplies and all the things that you need that you consume on a frequent basis. And that adds shopping trips to our stores. It also serves our customer needs very well. Alongside that, we always strive to sell a balanced mix, which is also the discretionary merchandise. We're very proud of our party business, where our seasonal business is. We had talked about it as changing like the leaves on the trees and what that means is the fronts of our stores are always changing. We place great -- we place a lot of importance to our shopping experience at Dollar Tree. People -- customers shop Dollar Tree because we have great values on things they need and it's a fun experience. They always find something that they didn't expect. They find things for the party. They'd find things for the season. They'd find toys for the kids. And as we say, everybody leaves happy because at Dollar Tree you can still afford to splurge even in tough times and buy those things for your kids. So we always plan to sell and we manage our business appropriately, mixing out that balance between products needed and products that are discretionary. It's about a 49 to 51 discretionary to needs and sometimes it goes 50-50 and it's plus or minus in that range. And that's the way we plan our business. It's not by accident. It's by plan. It's one of the reasons that our operating margin is the highest in our sector and always has been. We strive to exceed the expectations of our customer, not only with the values that they need, but also the shopping experience. You come to Dollar Tree because, "I enjoy shopping Dollar Tree. I really like to go to Dollar Tree. I take my kids and I can buy them things that I couldn't buy in other places." And you hear those kinds of experiences from our customers. As to the customer, I think the customer is still burdened and worried and it's just been -- it seems like there are some signs of improvement out there, but the pressure remains and it's just been a long, stubborn period of high unemployment and high costs and anxiety over uncertainties. So it's been a real strain on family budgets. Our job at Dollar Tree, as always, is to be part of the solution. So once again, we try to offer the things our customers need. As they need more of the consumable products, we've increased that in our mix in our stores. Again, striving for that balance and then to exceed their expectation for what they can buy on each visit, every customer, every store, every day. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I'm not concerned about it. It's a little lower than you might have expected. We have changed our cadence a little bit. The weather had an impact on that. We opened up in the first quarter fewer of our urban stores, which are typically the higher-margin, the higher-sales-per-square foot stores. We've got still got those coming, but we didn't open any in the first quarter. Weather had an impact. It delayed some of our openings in the first quarter, as well as impacting customer traffic. So having said that, I mean, it's all annualized number. So we've got very few weeks and days, in some cases, to use in our annualization, but it's not concerning. We still believe in the concept and our customers, when they can get out, they're shopping in our stores and I believe we're going to see the productivity rise as we go through the year. 
Bob Sasser: I believe it's still challenging, Paul. The lowest demographic -- income demographic consumers have especially -- the low-middle and the lowest have especially been pressured with less in their food stamps and less in their entitlements. And then the talks about it. There's still the unemployment issues that remain high. There's always concern about how long the benefits are going to last until I get a job. So it's a worried and concerned consumer. I believe that we're well positioned as you can be. Again, we strive to offer that balanced mix. Everything is $1 at Dollar Tree. So you can come to Dollar Tree and you can buy the things you need every day and for only a little bit of money. So that's -- I don't think that has changed. It feels to me like things are improving, but it doesn't feel like the consumer has actually bought into that and they may never buy into that, Paul. I mean, I think we've gone through a time where people have been forever touched by, in some way, either through high unemployment or just the ability to run their families or run their businesses and all that goes with the down economy, I think they've been forever changed in their habits. We continue to see new customers. Our traffic continues to grow. Some of it is more frequent shopping by existing customers. Some of it are still those people that come in and say, how much is this, which is a clue that they haven't been there before because, obviously, the answer is $1. 
Bob Sasser: It's a -- those 5- and 10-year questions today are really tough to answer. I can tell you what we're doing. I can tell you how we think about running our business and I can tell you how we're going to continue to improve our sales per square foot. We're always about running better stores. We're always focused in our stores with initiatives that speak to increasing average ticket, increasing customer engagement, being the friendly, fun place to shop. We're always -- again, we continue to expand assortments in our store based on customer needs and you can see it in our sales as we've gone through the areas that we've expanded. Assortment-expanded SKUs, you can see are coming up at the top end of our sales. So you can't have -- there are ebbs and flows to any business, stacking comps on top of comps on top of comps. I think if you look at our 3-year stacks, you feel a lot better about it and I believe that comps can continue to improve. But there are, obviously, going to have to be a review of the overview of the last 3 years, the last 5 years and what the next year's comp to that. So we're going to keep driving our business. Our customers love what we're doing. We're in a market that value is of the utmost importance and we're clearly the people that have the value, that we've built the business based on value. Everything's $1. You just can't beat that for value. As we've gone through time, we've continued to expand what you can buy for $1 and we'll continue to do that, adding even more value as we go forward. So over the next 5 years, we're going to continue to grow. We've got a lot of more new Dollar Trees that we can open in the U.S. We have our Deal$ stores that we're using largely in our urban, high-density markets because we think that by lifting the restrictions of price point, we can have even higher sales productivity and serve those customers in those urban markets better. We have Dollar Tree Canada, which is coming along. We're expanding that business. We're up at, I think, 189 stores, somewhere around there from the 86 that we bought. So we continue to grow Canada. There's just a terrific amount of space that we can build new stores, whether it be geography or Deal$, new type store or our Dollar Tree Direct business alongside of our Dollar Tree business. So more stores, continuing to focus on sales per square foot, better stores. And over the next 5 years, our growth trajectory is still going to be amongst the highest in retail, I believe. 
Bob Sasser: We're always looking for good companies, and we're looking for opportunities to enter new businesses. I don't see anything right now, but we are very focused on -- our last acquisition was in Canada and we're really standing that up and getting that going in the right direction and we've got a lot of energy and focus towards that, as well as our Deal$ business. But we're always looking, we're always open to good opportunities. 
Bob Sasser: We just keep driving our business and about 40% of our product comes from somewhere other than the U.S., mostly from China. I did not make the last trip, but the results of it, the April trip, were -- continue to be strong. We've hit our margin targets again. The market really is open to our kind of business and as much as we go and we actually place orders and lay down orders and we stand by our commitments, we've been -- we spent years building relationships with our Chinese, as well as all of our vendors, to continue to grow. As we've gotten larger in placing larger orders, we've involved more factories and developed more relationships. So that is -- I would characterized our foreign sourcing as being really unchanged and really a strategic advantage that we have over many, especially since we aspire to continue to thrill our customers with the types of products that are -- that we can find offshore, the things like our toy business and our party business and our seasonal business and all our stationery business. There's a lot of that product that comes from somewhere else. Domestically, we continue to drive those businesses, too. We're very proud of our relationships and, obviously, more of our business comes from the U.S. than comes from anywhere else, 60%. So continue to drive those businesses. We enjoy a terrific relationship with many of the large consumer product companies across the country. And I believe that as we continue to grow and the consumer continues to seek value, that part of our business is going to continue to improve and excel. 
Bob Sasser: As we benchmark against Dollarama -- that's a terrific company, by the way, and we're the new guy on the block, so to speak. We're the largest in the U.S. at what we do. But as we go into Canada, we're very humble and we realize that we aren't the largest there. So the first thing is they have the size, they are the large company that's been there a long time. So the growth, I think, is important for us in Canada, more stores. The brand -- building the brand in Canada, many Canadians know Dollar Tree in the U.S., but that's just -- that's not good enough. I mean, you have to be in Canada and you have to be their store of choice, so we're building the brand in Canada. We're growing, we're building size in Canada and all the while we're building store teams and people and the ability to run the Canadian business. There are desires in Canada. There are consumer needs. We're paying very close attention to that. There are things that we don't know still that we're very -- again, that we're very humble and we're willing and eager to continue to evolve to serve that Canadian customer. It's not a Dollar Tree from the U.S. in Canada, it's a Dollar Tree Canada, so building that assortment. But as we benchmark there, we're the smallest guy. We're growing. We have a big idea. And again, we're the only single -- the largest single price point operator in Canada and that's the message that we're trying to get to our consumer. 
Bob Sasser: Dan, since I'm the one that said -- what I said about the sales building throughout the quarter, let me just say again, sales strengthened throughout the quarter, first quarter, and momentum continued into May. All of that's in our guidance, though. We're not giving you new guidance with that comment. We did consider all that in the guidance that we gave for second quarter. As far as the competition, we see all that. I think our values are up, too. Our price is still $1, but the way we, as you know, Dan, we run our business is we offer the most value that we can at the $1 at the margins we're willing to accept overall. And I think if you shopped our stores right now, you'd find some terrific values for $1. It's still $1, but we add more to the product from time-to-time. We have our wow items out there, more wow items than ever. I believe that we're very, very competitive. And having said that, we're just different than the other guys anyway. Our price is $1 yesterday, it'll be $1 tomorrow, it's $1 dollar today and it's all about offering the most value for that $1. And as long as we can do that, then we'll be successful. We feel pretty good about our position. 
Bob Sasser: Well, it's pretty much the way we've managed it for years. We've looked at it on a productivity basis. And of course, we're always looking to employ techniques and labor plans and support our stores in a way that allows us to leverage and improve the productivity of our labor in our stores. We measure it, report on it, our stores have goals that they're trying to meet. As you do more sales, you get more labor, but you are trying to leverage that and that's pretty much the way we've done it for the past 10 to 15 years. I don't think you'll see any longer lines in our stores than you have seen or will see. And frankly, right now, I believe our stores is in a good position from a merchandise standpoint, from -- stockrooms in the best shape they've been in a long time. Our store teams have really done a terrific job of running and improving the standards in our stores, while at the same time, being more productive and driving the sales in the store that can support the labor. So we're going to continue to do that, our stores know how to do that and I'm real proud of whenever they come up with a better labor number because I know it just didn't happen. It's because of plan, it's because of initiative, it's because of focus and trajectorally, they're doing the right things. 
Bob Sasser: It's one of the more powerful initiatives that we have, I think, for a couple of reasons: It's the first thing -- when you walk into the store, the front end of the store is the first thing you see and it's the last thing you see. So if you remember a year or so ago, we were talking about cleaning up our front end, lowering their profile, so you could see the cashiers, cashiers could see the customers, lowering their profile, remerchandising that whole front end. And we've remerchandised our check lanes, first of all, with things that you need on the way out. You might not have thought about it, but why not buy a pack of gum or something that you need, a pocket comb. There's hundreds of items up there. But that's the idea, is to offer them one last chance to buy something on that checkout tip. And in that front aisle there, you'll find new products, you'll find seasonal products, you'll find what we call trend merchandise and we're always looking for something that's new, unique. It might be seasonally relevant, it might be trend-relevant, you'll find fun, exciting things on the front end designed to come in and be bought and go away. It adds to our sales and it also adds to the customer experience in the store. So those are 2 big initiatives that we've been working with and will continue to drive comp sales for us as we go forward. And the last thing you asked about is what we call our drive item and that is our cashiers. We have an item of the week -- a drive item each week. And our cashiers across the country, as you check out, are engaging you, hopefully smiling at you, and suggest -- have you seen our new whatever, pen or whatever hand sanitizer or this just came in or would you like to buy another candy bar or things like that. So our cashiers are doing a couple of things, one, we know that our customers like being engaged personally at the front end. So it accomplishes that and it's just that one last chance to get another item in their shopping bag as they go through. So go through, test it. By the way, if they offer it to you, buy it. It helps us enforce the fact that it's really important. We appreciate some help with that. 
Bob Sasser: It was up slightly. Most of our increase was due to traffic. So you've got some puts and takes there. So you're improving your front end. You're improving the impulse sales. At the same time, there are pressures on consumers from time-to-time where they may be buying less more frequently. I think that's happening. We saw some things. For instance, food stamp's not a big number for us, but our traffic on food stamps was about unchanged, but the average sale on food stamps was a little less. I think that's tied directly to the fact that they're getting less food stamps now. That program has been cut back. So you always have some puts and takes, Patrick. Some things, we're always driving our sales and, for instance, in this case, our -- it's right up there towards the top of our comps with our front end and our checkouts and our trend merchandise. But there are always puts and takes in this business. And every plus is not 100% plus. Sometimes it's 1 plus 1 equals 1.5. So that's my answer for that. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes, I think just to give maybe a little color on the transportation costs. If you look at it, the weather definitely impacted us. Definitely, where we saw the biggest impact was in the Port of New York, which got backed up significantly, a big disruption there. First, the weather did -- backed it up and then there was a lack of equipment because truck chassis were not being returned and put back into use within the business. So that was a big problem. And as well as the fact that in Vancouver, we had some disruption from the truckers' strike for a period of about a week to 2 weeks, roughly. So those are definitely things that were not expected. To move freight, we had to pay some higher rates to make sure we could keep things moving, so there are some onetime costs there. I would tell you in general, though, as we go forward, we are seeing and it's built within our guidance, is the idea of the fact that there are some pressures on freight costs within our business. There is a somewhat shortage of truckers out there. In some regards, they changed the rules of operations for truckers last summer, so the amount of hours they can spend on the road and so forth, and it does have a direct impact on the industry at the end of the day. But that is built into our model and into our guidance, but we could see some continued pressure there as we go forward. 
Kevin Wampler: Sure. I mean, I think, as you've heard me say before, as we look at it, obviously, the best use of $1 is building another Dollar Tree store. We have plans to open 375 new stores this year and 75 relocations, so 450 projects there. So that's always our first and foremost. We're going to continue to work on our infrastructure from the standpoint of we're expanding DC3 for us, which is in Joliet. We're looking at DC11, trying to put that on the board and plan that out accordingly. So those are going to be uses of capital as we continue to go forward. After that, as we've always talked about, there's acquisitions, which, historically, the last one we did was Canada. So it's not -- nothing going on there. Then you get into dividends and the Board of Directors, basically, has looked at that in the past and we've talked about that, and we really feel like we want to put our money towards growing the company. And then returning to shareholders through our share repurchase program, which is where we've been, a good way for us to return the value to our shareholders at the end of the day. So I don't think our overall thought processes have changed any -- in any regards in that way. And again, the ASR has been complete and we'll go from there. 
Kevin Wampler: Sure. I mean, as I've said before, I know that's a metric that many of you folks use out there. We tend not to use that so much. We always at, as I've said, the line item by line item. And I think, part of it, as we've continued to grow over the last 4 or 5 years, part of it is scale, part of it is technology, part of it is initiatives surrounding certain expenses and how we can do it better. And again, when everything's $1, the pennies count and everybody realizes that it's part of our culture. It's built in from day 1. Everybody realizing that the expense side of the ledger has to be a strict focus as well. So again, I think, as I've said -- as we have said, a 1%, 2% comp typically would help us -- get us flat on our SG&A, but we're always working to try to leverage things. We've got some benefit in Q1 from -- on our medical benefits. Last year, we had huge claims. We had more large claims than ever. It was a really unusual year. Those things tend to be cyclical for some reason and so maybe this year is going to be a better year. You can't always say. But -- so that's something I can't rely on at the end of the day. But as we look at things, we always believe there's room for improvement. We always talk about continuous improvement, continuous ways to improve our business as well as the processes around them. I mean, that's really the way we go about it day in and day out. And as I said, more on a line item basis or detailed line item basis as opposed to looking at it on a per-square-foot basis. 
Kevin Wampler: Well, first, I would say your first statement relating to business going forward being stronger than our low single-digit comp, I don't know that I would agree with that. So let's start there at the end of the day. Let's make sure we have that right. We're just saying that... 
Kevin Wampler: We said basically, that the strongest period was April, but obviously, part of that is the fact that Easter shifted later, into April. But I think what we're talking about in general is as it relates to our guidance that we've given. So let's start there. And then I think, as we think -- things like incentive comp depend upon -- we have high expectations that we will improve our business. A part of that is at the store level and another big part of it is here in the store support centers. So as we look at those things, if business improves, yes, those expenses may go up. But the hope would be because we're beating sales guidance and you actually leverage them in the long run. So I think it's kind of 2 components that go into it over time is kind of the way I would look at that. 
