Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Our initiatives to drive comp store sales are finding enthusiastic acceptance with the customer that, by all accounts, continues to be under pressure to balance their household budgets. Our in-stock on basics is the best ever. Customers are finding more of the things they need and want on each trip. Stores are first-of-the-month ready with chunky displays of basic products. When the customer has money in their pocket and they are ready to shop, we want to be ready with the product they want. We think of the first of the month as 12 additional holidays and we prepare for them as such. The expansion of wow items are providing customers with bigger sizes, bonus buys and bigger savings across the store. Our category expansions in pet supplies, hardware, household supplies, food, electronics and party are producing company-leading results and comp sales increases.  We continue to roll out frozen and refrigerated product to more stores. Our customers like this product. They shop us first and frequently to get the values they need.  Seasonal product adds excitement and merchandise energy to the shopping experience with an ever-changing assortment of fun and colorful product right at the front entrance.  Our stores are full, fun and friendly with more customer engagement as we strive for the same great experience for every customer in every store every day.  As you've likely heard from many retailers, the consumer continues to be under pressure. Our sales initiatives are aimed at responding to those customers' needs by being a part of the solution in their efforts to balance a household budget. We are investing in our customers, they are responding enthusiastically and you can see it in our results. Our second quarter comp store sales increase of 4.5% was our best quarterly comp performance in 2 years.  We're expanding market share. Sales came as a result of increases in both traffic and average ticket with the largest increase coming from traffic. Sales growth came from across the store with comp increases in basics and variety fairly evenly divided. Sales strengthened throughout the quarter with our highest comp sales in July and sales momentum has continued into August.  Total sales grew 9.5% and we exceeded $2 billion in second quarter sales for the first time in company history. We achieved 10.5% operating margin, down from our record high in second quarter last year, and still the highest performance in the discount retail sector. And earnings per share grew 8.9% to $0.61 per diluted share, in the middle of our range of guidance. We have multiple platforms for growth. In second quarter, we opened 90 new stores, expanded and relocated 20 stores and we ended the quarter with 5,166 stores and square footage growth of 6.8%. The Dollar Tree brand is a benchmark of value for our customers, and there's a great opportunity to grow and expand the Dollar Tree brand in the United States through more stores and more productive stores. The Deal$ brand is serving customers with increased value on even more categories.  Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach to customers throughout North America, and Dollar Tree Canada is growing in size and customer acceptance. As I look to the future, I see exciting opportunity. Our balance sheet is strong. The Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording record levels of earnings. It's been tested by time and validated by history. We remain committed to a concept that customers love and we're positioned to continue growing profitably for many years ahead. We have a vision of where we want to go and the ability to get there with infrastructure, capital, and most importantly, a talented management team that has a long history of retail success. It's a great time to be Dollar Tree.  Our inventories are clean and fresh. The shelves are full of terrific merchandise, our stockrooms are in great shape and our values have never been higher. We will now address your questions about our second quarter. [Operator Instructions] 
Bob Sasser: Paul, we've always said we're in control of our merchandise markup and we still are. And this was a very conscious decision to -- in a time when the customers were under pressure and traffic was stubborn and everyone was complaining about it, really starting back last year in the third and fourth quarter. We responded by being the solution to their problems and not part of the problem. So we have invested in product. We have expanded some categories. There's really 2 parts to your question. The highest-comping departments, the ones that you listed, the pet supplies and hardware and household products, food, electronics, party, are amongst the highest-percentage comp departments. A couple of those are our highest-volume departments, party and food. So we've had increases by increasing and driving the business in these key departments for our customer. Across-the-board, our variety has grown as well as our consumer products have grown. Our home, especially, was very powerful in second quarter. Some of the items or some of the categories is licensed party goods. We've added license -- the Disney license and Marvel license to our mix. We added Rubbermaid food storage into our housewares. Branded pet food, for an example, when you see pet supplies popping up as one of the leading comp departments. We're offering the king-sized candy bars, not the small candy bars anymore. We've expanded in our dish in our home -- our dish detergent in our home area with some of the cleaning supplies with brands like Dawn and Palmolive. In HBC, we've driven the business on our -- we have branded toothpaste, Crest toothpaste. We have -- in our food and snacks business, STAX potato chips. In our home area again, in our home supplies, household supplies, national brand toilet paper, national brand paper towels. So throughout the store, we've expanded in more space and more inventory and more of the things that our customers are looking for in a tough time, drive the business and -- driving the business in those categories. And we've also been looking at special opportunity buys, wow items, multi-packs, larger sizes for the same prices and really delivering as much value for our customer every day. When they go in the store, they're seeing more value than they've ever seen. And as I said, the proof is in the numbers. Our traffic was up. Our average ticket was up, which has always been stubborn, as you know. It's -- everything's $1, so the average ticket, you've got to sell some more. So more people are shopping us more frequently, our traffic is up. They're staying longer and they're buying more, our average ticket is up. 
Bob Sasser: Paul, I'm going to answer your question in a little different way. I'm not going to comment on the Family Dollar acquisition, as I said -- or Randy said in the beginning. Sorry, Randy. We just can't comment on that and I'm not going to comment on this. If your question is about our Deal$ format, I'm very proud of Deal$. And we are seeing a lot of expansion, a lot of traction in our Deal$. I'll give you a little color on our Deal$ business. We ended the quarter with 216 Deal$ stores. Our comps were single-digit positive in our Deal$ stores. The merchandise mix in our Deal$ stores is a little different than what you find in the Dollar Tree. In addition to lifting the restrictions of the price point, we have a little more consumable mix in our Deal$ stores. Consumable mix for the quarter was about 62% versus 38% for the non-consumable. And as you compare that to our Dollar Tree stores, at Dollar Tree we're about 50-50. And for the quarter, it was -- consumables 50.4% and 49% -- 49.6% in the non-consumable at Dollar Tree. So you can see that the Deal$ mix is a little more consumable. The basket, a little bit about the basket, our average ticket is higher at Deal$, it was $9.51 for the quarter. At Dollar Tree, we're about -- we're always around $8, a little less, $7.80, I think, for Q2. We have lifted the restriction of the price point in our Deal$. So the average ticket with items that are greater than $1 was $14.23. 53 -- almost 54% of all transactions had items greater than $1 also. So our customers in the Deal$ stores are responding positively to the merchandise that we sell that's not $1. Our average unit retail for anything that's over $1 that we sell is $3.15. That's been pretty much where it's been for the past year. We like to see that grow and working on ways to make that grow. I think that's a big opportunity. Greater than $1 item represented 48.5% of Deal$ total sales. So as we've lifted the restriction of the $1 price point, we're seeing exciting growth in Deal$. Again, at Deal$, we can serve more customers with more categories in more ways. 
Bob Sasser: It's a fair question, and I'm happy to say no. It's not really a change in our direction, it's more of a response to the times. We're always, as retailers, it's incumbent upon us to remain relevant to our customers. And as the customer pressures change, we have to react. Other retailers you might see lowering prices. Our price is $1. Instead of lowering prices, and you've heard me say this before, we will invest in more value in tougher times. And we started seeing pressure on traffic and we started hearing from customers back late last year. And our comps weren't as robust as they had been. And as a result, as we always do as good retailers, we chose to drive for traffic and market share. We can sit back and bemoan the fact that customer is under pressure and remains stubbornly under pressure, or we can do something about it. We have done that and we've done what's very core to what we do at Dollar Tree and that is to exceed the customers' expectations for what $1 buys. And in this day and time, as customers are really looking for a way to help balance their budget, we have become a solution to their problem. They look for us to help them out. And if you look at the results, the traffic was up. It drove most of the comp sales, but our average ticket was up also. So as I said earlier, they're coming more often. And when they're there, they're staying longer and they're buying more. They're seeing more product. These values are across the store, too. We speak of things as if it's really just that simple as consumer versus discretionary. It's never really just that simple. We have those 2 big buckets. But if you looked at a little more granular level, you would see that our home business was really driving and carrying a big load in second quarter. And our home business is made up of things that really are either both discretionary and consumable. There's things you need. There's things you want. There's food containers. You need them. You want them. They're high margin. They're not as high margin as our seasonal business, but they're higher margin than our basic consumable business. So we were driving traffic throughout our store. We're looking to gain market share. And frankly, the big issue that hit second quarter, and probably it's going to continue to hit us in the rest of the year, was the freight. As I've always said, when we see an issue, we're always able to respond accordingly. And if we see cost pressures in one area, if we see it coming and we can make plans for it, we can always make allowances and find other ways to save. And we can do the same thing with our freight costs. But this freight driver shortage issue came upon everyone pretty suddenly. We've been expecting something, but we weren't really seeing it until recently. So along with investing in our customer, which I will do again, and driving more sales at a slightly lesser gross margin rate, that was about 30 basis points, in addition to that, in second quarter, we had a 40 basis point pressure on freight, which is also in our gross margin. So that's something we'll deal with as we go forward. This management team is really good at figuring out how to swallow some of these cost pressures and take advantage of other ways of delivering the gross profit. But in the meantime, we're responding by giving our customers more value. That's who we are, that's what we do. 
Bob Sasser: Yes. Frankly, it's across-the-board. We really don't see anything that you could point to as a stark demarcation line between the higher income and the lower income. There's always markets wherein some of the lower-income markets and the urban markets, it's always been more highly consumable. But across-the-board, if you start looking at the higher income versus the Middle America suburban, everybody's looking for a value. And everybody likes shopping at Dollar Tree. One of the things that we always pound the table about is it's not just shopping at Dollar Tree because you're looking for something you need. People do that. And it's only $1. It's great value. But our customers also shop us because they enjoy the shopping experience. It's fun. You come in. You walk into the seasonal product. You walk into fun, colorful product, an ever-changing mix. There's always something that you find that you didn't expect to find as a customer. So we have discretionary business, about 50%; consumer business, about 50%. If you look at the mix, you're seeing it's pretty much the same. It's just 50-50. It might be, one quarter, one's up a little and one the other -- differently the next. But still around 50-50. So my answer is that the customers are under pressure, mostly middle income and lower-income customers as anecdotal, I mean, just from what we see. They continue to be burdened and concerned. We've said that. We're not alone in saying that. They're facing higher taxes, higher health care costs, stubbornly high unemployment, although it looks like it might be getting a little better on the unemployment side. Higher cost of living really and no improvement in wages to speak of. They continue to face uncertainty. And we are, as I said, we're responding to them with offering expanded assortments of basic, more wow items, bigger sizes, bonus buys, overall values for the dollar. And they're responding to it. Again, I'm really pleased that several things this quarter, but our sales growth came across a broad range of categories, not one or the other. Our sales growth came from traffic largely, which is, in the retail business, you've got to have the traffic. So we didn't give up our traffic. In tough times, we invested in keeping the traffic coming in the store. But also, in the quarter, our average ticket was up. So when they were in the store, they not only -- more traffic, more footsteps, but when they're in the store, they stay longer and they bought more. Our frozen and refrigerated product continues. We've grown that out to more stores. Our customers respond favorably to that through increased shopping frequency. And on the seasonal and party and toys, discretionary items. By the way, yes, you can afford it. It feels good to walk into a Dollar Tree and you can still buy toys for the kids because they're only $1. And you can still buy party goods for the birthday. Everything's only $1. So that shopping experience in tough times is really worth something. We place value on that. 
Bob Sasser: It's not so much more advertising. As you know, we're really not an ad-driven company. And advertising price points, there's no price reductions. Price is $1 today, it was yesterday and it's going to be $1 tomorrow. So getting that urgency in our concept has never been something that we've invested a lot of funds in. But in-store is a different story. And yes, we've employed all of the above with signing in the store, with printed material in the store, with merchandise in the store, really beefing up some of those displays and those end caps and those value items and showing them and signing them up and telling the story of what great value saving. By the way, we don't -- we make money on these items. It's just that it's a slightly less margin than maybe our highest-margin seasonal department. So when you go into our home area and you start talking about food containers and storage bags and wraps and all of the things that you need in the kitchen for your household supplies and mops and brooms and all of those kinds of things, we're selling more and more of those products. It's not loss leaders. We make a lot of money on that. But it's not just not quite that highest margin that you get from some of those clearly discretionary products like the seasonal areas. So you're going to find some Bounty in our stores. You're going to find Angel Soft toilet paper. You're going to find STAX potato chips. You're going to find Rubbermaid. You're going to find some name brands. You're going to find some non-name brands, but you're going to find bigger sizes. In other words, a 12-ounce item might be 18-ounce item and it's all $1. Still, it's the same item that you loved in the past at Dollar Tree and we've beefed up the sizes and we've beefed up the value. And we're offering that and they're recognizing it because they're buying it. And our comps are up in tough times, like we are in now. Our 4.5% comp is, I think, probably going to match up very favorably to what you see out there in retail. 
Bob Sasser: I don't. It's not -- I'd like to tell you that the pressure is not on the initial markup of product. It's on our choices. It's still about what we choose to sell. It's still about understanding the value that we need to offer the customer to drive their purchase decision. At the $1 price point is not the issue at hand here. It's really this long and stubborn pressure on the middle income customers, especially the lowest-income customers. And it's been several years now. And it's somewhat not -- it's going to get better, I'm optimistic. But there's not much light at the end of the tunnel. And customers continue to look at -- for value. I would remind you, too, that we still have sector-leading operating margin. We pale only in comparison to our own previous operating margin. But it's a matter of choice, still. We can drive higher margins, but we have chosen to, instead of sitting back and resting on whatever, the 11% or whatever it was, operating margin in the previous year, we've chosen to invest in the customer. We've chosen to invest in more value, more traffic, higher average ticket. We want our customers to think of us as, if money's short, go to Dollar Tree. If you want to have a fun shopping experience, go to Dollar Tree. If you want party supplies, go to Dollar Tree. It's all $1 and it's all great value. So it's a matter of choices. It's not pressure on the cost from an inflationary standpoint. We can still -- we turn down more product than we sell. 
Bob Sasser: Nothing. And by the way, we've been saying 7,000 stores for a long, long time. I can't tell you how many years it's been that long. And the world has changed and our business has changed and our stores have gotten larger and our mix of product has gotten more to the consumer product needs. 50% things you need, 50% discretionary. So we do very well in small markets. We do very well in urban markets. We do very well in rural markets. Our strength is in the suburban markets and Middle America, but there's nothing that precludes us from continuing past the 7,000 mark. I'm not announcing a new number out there, but certainly, we haven't done the math on that for quite some time. You can't find a place where we don't do well, frankly. And I know that sounds like it's bragging, but our stores, 99-point-some percent of our stores are profitable. And as you know, we have stores in the boroughs in the northeast, in Brooklyn and the Bronx, and we have stores in Idaho so... 
Bob Sasser: Well, I don't know if it goes away or not. It depends on the customer. But certainly, at some point, you start anniversary-ing some of these. But the import goods are a little longer -- a little longer buying cycle. If you remember, we started talking back in fourth quarter about initiatives to drive sales and it's not new to hear us talk about more wow in our stores and those kinds of things. In first quarter, if you went back and looked at our -- I know I spoke about the same kinds of things. And first quarter, we had the terrible weather early on, but then it got better as the quarter went on as the weather went away. So we started getting some traction on some of the strategies that we were talking about then. And of course, that carried on into second quarter. And I think at the end of the first quarter, I said, and by the way, momentum continues into second quarter. And it did. And it got better throughout the second quarter, fourth -- period 4. Period 5 was better than 4. Period 6 was the best of all in the quarter. So we have begun ramping up on initiatives that were begun some time ago. Now looking forward, I will tell you that we think about this as flying an airplane. It's a little stick and a little rudder. We're flexible. We have a flexible model. And when times are tough and we need more traffic, we'll err a little more towards the consumer products. And when times are a little better, or costs are going down sometimes, we may invest in more customers or we may invest in margin. So it really is all about the current environment and how you feel about that future environment. I think it's going to remain tough for the rest of this year. We're not planning on any, in the second half, any macro news that says that things are going to be a whole lot better. So we're planning on continued pressure. And we're planning also on continued pressure on our gross margin from freight. It's in our guidance. So it's baked in there. And of course, we're always working to offset that in other ways. But I think it's -- but we're in control of it. That's I guess the point that I'd like to leave you with, is we're not victims. We're running the business. We've always done it. We've been doing it now for 28, 29 years. And our gross margin, we have ups and downs. And it's all relevant to the customer and what's going on in the world. 
Bob Sasser: Yes, it's more traffic largely. It's driven by more traffic in the quarter, but also our ticket and that seems to be a trend. It's coming from -- they're coming more frequently to the stores, they're staying longer and they're buying more. We're challenging them to buy more products. We've taken, it's not just the low -- high -- low-margin, fast-turning consumer products that we have ensured that we're going to be in stock in, the things they expect and get when they come in our store. But it's also the surprising value when they come in the store. And some of the stuff is not a low margin, it's just a little less margin that we would normally sell it for. And what it's doing is it's tempting that customer to buy one more item -- wish they would buy one more item, that'd be a big comp. But when they're in the store, we want them to come for whatever the things they need. While they're in there, we want to sell them on trend and on style and on fashion and on wow. Look at this, this is a great item. By the way, I've used this before and it's 20% more this time. So I'm going to buy some more on this trip. Or it might be a new item that they haven't seen before that we've invested in and stacked up front. So it really is and -- it's our buyers creating more value and it's our stores merchandising in such a way to drive more sales. We've talked about customer engagement. We've talked about related sales. We've talked about drive items at the front of our store with the cashier suggesting just one more item as they go out the door. We're tempting our customers to buy more in every way. And we saw the results, good result from that in the second quarter. 
Bob Sasser: Well, first of the month, there's a lot of payroll checks out there. A lot of people get paid at the first of the month. A lot of the government checks go out the first of the month. There's a lot of things. There's a lot more spendable income around the first of the month. And many of our customers, especially the lower-income customers, wait until the first of the month because they just really don't have the ability other times. When they come to the store, we want them to have the best experience possible at the first of the month. So our stores and our replenishment people and our merchants are working ahead of the first of each month for the plans, what's going on which end cap, what's the highest sales opportunities, where can we stack things out, where can we make a difference in the store. By the way, on the basic things, the key items that we know they want on every trip, let's make sure that we're in stock in business. We'll refresh our categories during that period of time. We will stack out more during that period of time. We will plan our end caps around first-of-the-month ready. And it's, as I said, it's sort of like having another season. It's when you set Easter and you first roll it out and you put it all on the sales floor and you build the end caps and you build -- put the signing in place. And the night before, you're walking around and you patting it down and looking to make sure and checking it off. Our entire organization is focused on the first-of-the-month sales. Whether it's the stores and the store managers, the buyers, the replenishment people, the logistics people, we all plan our business, to a large degree, around those firsts of the month, especially in the basic categories. Don't tell others we do that, by the way. We're going to keep that our secret. 
Bob Sasser: It's always a choice. And then, on the first question, our manufacturers like doing business with us. Obviously, there are some things that they can't do business with us on. But things like small appliances, you're never going to find George Foreman grills at a Dollar Tree store, but there are -- the consumer products people really like our business. We're a large retailer with a -- we cut a large swathe across 48 states and Canada. We engage a lot of customers. You can get your brand in our stores and it gets noticed and people see it and consequently it builds your brand equity at Dollar Tree. At Dollar Tree it's all about the value, though. So again, it's choices. And brands may typically, not always, but typically, come with a little lower margin, maybe a little higher sales rate, but a little lower margin. So we're always balancing. We're always balancing the name brand offering with the private label name-brand-equivalent offering, which has a little higher margin. And by the way, our customer really responds to larger sizes and bigger values. When given the choice between the brands, all things equal, they like the brands. When all things aren't equal, they usually go for the bigger sizes and the bigger quantities. But from time-to-time, we've always introduced brands and we continue to look for that. Our brand vendors like us. We're, I believe, and we've always aspired to be, good business people and good merchants. And what I mean by that, our concept is simple: we are looking for the best price. And as consumer products people come to us, we're not looking for monies and add-backs and market funds and co-op funds and key city funds and all the things that are added on. We ask for: give us the best cost, let us take possession of it as early on in the supply chain as possible. We'll get it to the right store at the right time. But I will need the lowest price and I'll buy it in a way that really works for you. I might buy it in your down production time, but I need -- the main thing is we need value that's worth more than $1. We'll bring it to our stores. We'll get it in the right place. And we want to pass those savings along to our customers. So that's the way we work with everyone. That's the way we work with our brands. When you see us talking about introducing more brands, it's usually a decision that says we're looking for, really, to add a little more sizzle, add a little more excitement. We know it's a little less margin, but it's an investment in the customer and it's investment in traffic. 
