Bob Sasser: Thank you, Kevin. Again, I am extremely pleased with our solid performance for the fourth quarter, and I'm proud of our combined Family Dollar and Dollar Tree teams.  We continue to make meaningful progress with our integration plans. We believe that we are well positioned in the most attractive sector of retail to deliver continued growth and increased value for our long-term shareholders. Dollar Tree is now a diversified combination of a 6,000 store chain and an 8,000 store chain, each with its unique ability to effectively serve more customers through all types of markets. With the combination of these 2 great brands, we have great flexibility in how we choose to grow while expanding our opportunity to grow. We will continue to focus on providing greater values to our customers while delivering superior returns to our long-term shareholders.  Recently, I joined our combined merchandise teams on their postholiday overseas buying trip. I was very pleased and encouraged by the results from this trip as we continue to develop business relationships, identify and secure tremendous values, improve our supply chain and quality control while meeting our targeted margin thresholds. We have developed valuable experience and expertise over the years, and we're leveraging this for the benefit of our customers across all banners. In recent months, there's been an inordinate focus on the proposed border adjustment tax. We, like most other retailers, feel that the border tax would result in a significant burden to the consumer, both through reduced choices and higher prices. We're working with the National Retail Federation, Retail Industry Leaders Association and the Americans for Affordable Products group to express our concerns. At this early stage, we cannot answer questions regarding potential impacts until we know what, if anything, is passed.  But I do know that -- this: for 30 years, Dollar Tree has demonstrated its ability to adapt and react in managing our business effectively. Over the past 30 years, we have seen inflation in all costs, including products, labor, transportation and real estate, and we've been able to successfully maintain our $1 price point, deliver relatively consistent gross margins and still provide tremendous values to our shoppers.  As always, we will continue to employ a disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the combined enterprise through improved communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We're confident that continuing to place our emphasis in these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. The Dollar Tree business model continues to grow and improve. It's powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording record levels of sales and earnings.  While after 30 years our price point at Dollar Tree stores remains $1, our operating margin continues to grow and leads the discount sector. For the full year 2016, our Dollar Tree operating margin improved 130 basis points to 12.9%. Our model has been tested by time and validated by history. For 36 consecutive quarters, we have delivered positive same-store sales increases. Through good times and difficult times and all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value no matter the state of the economy. In the fourth quarter, total sales increased 5%, enterprise-wide same-store sales increased 1.2% and operating margin improved from 8.8% a year ago to 10.4%. It all starts with our associates. Our merchandise teams and our field management and leadership teams are talented, experienced, energized and incredibly motivated. It's a great time to be Dollar Tree.  Operator, we're now ready for questions. 
Bob Sasser: Yes. Matt, we're extremely excited about the opportunity productivity increases in Family Dollar and in Dollar Tree. But as we sit here first quarter, looking out across a whole year, we have great confidence in our ability to implement and to execute our initiatives. We have great confidence in our models and our initiatives. Our value retail model is as good as there can be. I believe we're positioned exactly where we need to be as we go into 2017. So it's not a lack of confidence. It's more just it's first quarter, and we're looking out across the year. We're looking at our business. We're looking at some uncertainty out in the economic environment and some fits and starts. So as a result, we put all that together. We put what we know on the page and then we put the uncertainty, and that's how we come up with our guidance. We want to always be fair and measured and make sure that we give you the best information that we can possibly give you. As always, we intend to continue to improve and exceed expectations wherever possible. 
Bob Sasser: Well, there's still plenty of opportunity. There are some headwinds that we have in our ocean freight and some of the things that Kevin called out, with diesel fuel higher now. But we've always been able to -- as long as we can see it coming, we've always been able to manage around that and always drive our operating margin. As you know, I've always said, we're in charge of our gross margin at Dollar Tree. We go to market with 2 things in mind, and our buyers are looking for the best value for the dollar for the customers at a margin we're willing to accept. So the -- we decide, sometimes it's -- we take the opportunities we find in the market, and we use those to drive sales. Sometimes we take it into our margin, but we're always in control of what we're doing. So I feel really good about our Dollar Tree margin. Again, this is our 30th anniversary. It's 30 years. Everything is $1. Every increasing improvements in the business, still hitting some high watermarks at 12.9% operating margin, and I think we can continue that. 
Bob Sasser: Brad, thank you, and I would thank you for the question because it gives me a chance to brag a little bit on our folks who have worked very hard on really just the basics, but the hard work that goes into running our stores. And where are we? Well, we know we're not to the finish line. But I would color it this way, our in-stocks, what our customer sees on the shelf is certainly better than where we started 18 months ago. And our efforts to catch up on some of the deferred maintenance in cleaning and the basics that we need to run a full, clean recovered store are in place. Our operational teams are heavily focused on our consistency of providing that day in and day out. And I commented it on it, but for our customers, it really revolves around are we first-of-month ready at Family Dollar. And that's a very important focus for us to gain consistency with our customer and it tends to show up with our first-of-the-month business and our share of SNAP that we take. And so those are the things that, I would say, we've improved on. We have more work to do across all of those. I am pleased with the efforts our folks are putting towards it. It's going to be one of just the basic table stake foundational initiatives that we stay with for several years, because we will always be able to find a way to improve. As we start to be able to renovate some of our older stores, our customers, store by store, will see something that's different, and that's just as important when we're talking about the stores that serve their neighborhood. So I'm encouraged with where we're at, more to be done, but it's consistent message and focus throughout the organization right now. 
Bob Sasser: Paul, this is Bob. I'll take the first part. And in order to answer your question about Duncan, let me take you back to about 18 months ago when we made the acquisition of Family Dollar. At that time, if you remember, there was no President at Family Dollar. The President already -- had already left. I thought that when we made the acquisition that it was extremely important, first day, to have a president in place. Gary Philbin, who had been President -- that had been President at Family Dollar, my partner here for a long time, stepped up and went down -- moved down to Matthews. And on day one, we had a President of Family Dollar in place to lead the team. He's done a terrific job energizing the team, communicating, building the initiatives, getting some traction on the business, cleaning up old inventory, doing all the things to revitalize the marketing campaign and the customer communication. I couldn't be more proud of what Gary has done. But I was still one president short with that combination. And as Gary went down to Matthews, we launched into a national search with a national search company looking for a president, a future president of Family Dollar, and we found Duncan. And I will tell you that Duncan, when we met, I knew that he was exactly the right person for this job. His background, he had consumer products background. He had supermarket background. He had a big time discount store background, and he had demonstrated throughout his career a real ability to build store teams, to build merchant teams, to build an organization and to drive success. So I was real pleased to bring Duncan onboard. Duncan has been down there just a short period of time. But I will tell you, he is -- he's stepping in. He started out running. And if you talk to the folks down at Family Dollar, I think you would hear from them that they really have engaged with Duncan, and he has engaged with them in a positive way. So we're very, very excited about adding Duncan to the management team. In addition, at this point in time, we brought Gary, we elevated Gary to Enterprise President. And as Enterprise President, Gary now has responsibilities for all the customer-facing initiatives, all of merchandising, all the store operations and real estate across both banners. Gary reports to me as does the shared services organizations report to me. So that's the -- that was sort of the trail of how all this began, and we're really pleased to have Duncan onboard. We're also pleased to have Gary in the new role. I let Kevin to speak to the second part of the question. 
Bob Sasser: Well, Dan, again as I said in my prepared remarks, it hasn't been passed yet. And if it is passed, we really need to see what it covers and how it's done and what the rules are and all that, and I'm sure we'll be able to respond accordingly to that. We have a lot of levers across both banners that we can do. I believe that the pressure on the consumer is going to be potentially, if passed the way everybody is contemplating, it could be a real issue for the consumer. But as far as retailer, we're -- just like everyone else, we will respond accordingly. And I will tell you this, at Dollar Tree, we are -- for 30 years, we've been $1. You talked about the price point. I've been asked that question for a long, long time on other issues as cost changes, as expense has changed, as the markets changed, as inflation, deflation and the like. And we are able to manage that, because we're able to manage our assortment at Dollar Tree. As long as the dollar is the unit of currency, I believe we can -- and we can offer the best value, then we've got a business. So let's wait until we get there. Let us see if it's passed. And if passed, that how -- what the rules are, and then we'll respond accordingly. But I believe we have as much a right as anyone to respond and run a great business going forward. So it'll be different, but let's see what the rules are first. 
Bob Sasser: Well, I would say, Laura, that as strong as they have been, in my opinion, the mix at Dollar Tree -- we have 2 different banners here. So we're a lot more discretionary on the Dollar Tree banner than in the Family Dollar banner. My expectation is it will continue to grow both discretionary and consumable, but the mix is going to be pretty much, I think pretty much the same. At Family Dollar, I think there's an opportunity to sell a little more discretionary. The -- we're going to still go after the consumable business. We want to be the place where our customers shop for the things they need every day. We want to be convenient. We want to be -- have great values for our customers on all the things that they need. So we're not backing down on the consumable business. At the same time, we want to offer them more of the things that are discretionary and great values. Gary mentioned some of the things, everybody has birthdays, our apparel business, our home business. We have, I believe, terrific opportunities at Family Dollar in driving more discretionary business in our home departments, for example. So it's a big question. It's a good question, but it's -- at the high level, that would be my answer. As we get down into walking the stores, 4 by 4, that's how we like -- we look at it. And where should we expand. Where do we have the opportunity to expand. What's our customer tell us that they want more of. How are they responding to our tests when we expand a category, and that's really where we're going to get our answers. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. Karen, I think -- as we've said, from day one, our expectation is to be able to achieve $300 million and hopefully exceed that at the end of the day, and we kind of broke that out. Yes, we kind of broke it out as $75 million the first year, $225 million by the end of the second year and $300 million by the end of the third year. We think we're right where we need to be, on track, maybe just a little bit ahead. So I think that feels pretty good. The onetime cost to achieve, again, we spoke a little bit to that last quarter. And again, when we originally talked to that, we talked about it being about -- half of that being operational expenses and half of it being capital expenses. I think to this point, it's probably been a little bit more on the CapEx side, again, because of: the rebanners we've done, the 300 rebanners as well as the 200 Deals rebanners; the system integration that's gone on; the work around co-bannering the Utah distribution center. On the OpEx side, it's been a little less, but there has been some consulting professional fees and some various other costs there. But -- so overall, I think we feel like we're well on target and going to be able to hit and work very hard to exceed that $300 million. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. I don't know if there's anything specifically to point to. I think as we look at it, a couple of things. One, Q1, from the diesel cost perspective, it is the biggest change quarter-to-quarter. So the diesel cost is about $0.02 of headwind in basically Q1. So that's bigger than it is in any other one. And again, I do want to make sure that people are comparing it to the adjusted number of last year of $0.89 as opposed to what was reported because of the tax benefit of a year ago. But that's probably the biggest thing I would point out is diesel costs. And otherwise, I think, we feel pretty good about the number we've been able to put out there. 
Kevin Wampler: From a big picture perspective as regards to comps, obviously, from a Dollar Tree side of the equation, we expect the cannibalization we've seen from the rebanner process to dissipate as we go through Q1 and Q2 and really be pretty much done by the end of Q2. So the back half really shouldn't have any headwinds per se from the rebanners, for the most part. So that's a positive on that perspective. I think on the Family Dollar side, we think it's been a little harder for us to forecast just in general, I would tell you, just from a rhythm standpoint at this point in time. So we take that into consideration. There's been a little bit more variability to the business. Doesn't mean we believe that they're not going to comp positive and be able to be a meaningful contributor at the end of the day. So I think the way we're going to look at it as we go forward is we're going to give you enterprise guidance, and then when we report the quarter, we will break it out and give you the 2 segments as well. So that's how we're thinking about it going forward. From maybe a little bit bigger picture for the year, from a -- speaking to the kind of the moving pieces within our P&L, so to speak, on a consolidated basis. We do expect to see improvement in our gross profit this next year -- or this year we just started, I should say. Really, expect mark-on to continue to improve in both banners. We're going to work to lower our markdowns, as a percent of sales, in our Family Dollar banner. We're going to continue to see a little bit of geography change from the standpoint on the Family Dollar banner, and we talked about this last quarter in the sense of our process where we're getting our coop dollars net and our first costs as opposed to offsetting advertising. So you have a benefit in gross profit. You actually see advertising expense and SG&A go up. But that's kind of a geography difference. And then we know some of those improvements are going to be somewhat offset by the higher freight cost that we've already talked about. But in general, we're expecting gross profit to improve. On the SG&A side, I think there's -- expecting flattish to maybe slight improvement. I think the headwinds are -- in SG&A are going to be the pressure on store wages in both banners. And again, we've got minimum wage increases and just general average hourly rates that are increasing more than what we've seen over the last, probably, 4 or 5 years, realistically. And then as well in SG&A, we do have the advertising that I spoke to. That'll be an increase year-over-year. Somewhat offsetting that then is we will expect lower depreciation, based upon the range I gave this year. The midpoint of that range would be $620 million, which compares to last year's actual of $637 million. So depreciation is actually going lower, so those kind of things. As we look at that then, if you look at our operating income, kind at that midpoint of our guidance, you'd be looking at operating income of approximately 8.8% to 8.9%, which is compared to 8.23% (sic) [ 8.2% ] that we reported on the press release today. So at the midpoint, still nice increase in the overall operating income as we go forward. So those are some of the moving pieces, and the big picture as we move into 2017. 
Gary Philbin: Scot, this is Gary. The way I think about the business is we got to a slight positive comp in Q4, and that was with a core that was positive, both in November and January. As we've made our plans for the year, the foundational things that we're putting in place, running better stores, and that revolves around just having our products in stock, cleaner, fuller. The retail basics that we've been talking about, those are the things that I think start to deliver, year-over-year, better comps for us. Some of the strategic things that we mentioned in the call, core expansion. We'll be starting a renovation program. Those are things that will, over time, shift our fleet of stores from how they operate today to something different in the future. And then maybe the third piece is really around the merchandising and the assortment. So as we think about what a Family Dollar customer needs and wants, those are the longer-term enhancements we'll see as we go through buying cycles, both on imports and our domestic products. So I take a look at the year. And we're a retailer. We're always bullish. We're doing the foundational things that help us stay more consistent with our progress on top line sales and then continue to work very hard on the things that are going to drive margin and cost down in the business to get us to a consistent growth trajectory on operating margin. 
Gary Philbin: Well, everything we know is in our guidance. I think the current news that everyone's reacting to, clearly it's in the grocery sector. It doesn't mean that we're not on the fringe of that. But a Family Dollar business is driven more by our convenience and controlling our own 4 walls, and those are the things that we're focused on to stay in front of for 2017. 
Gary Philbin: Dan, Gary. I think one of the things you sort of point out with the question is the synergy does give us some flexibility in our sector. We certainly monitor all the price checks, like everyone else, and what's happening across, not just to our sector, but also the other channels as well. And over the last 18 months, we have had a very mindful eye exactly where we are compared to each of the targets we have by market. Our answer to that has been Smart Ways to Save, which gives us flexibility, and maybe even more that, points to the way we show our offers to a Family Dollar customer. And so we do see a customer that shops differently. I mentioned first of the month before. Clearly, that's a big driver for us. And so what's on shelf and end caps and either it's on sale or a price drop is how we're approaching it. So looking forward, we're going to watch everyone this year as we go into price checks and see what they're doing across the shelves and we'll react accordingly. But to some degree, it's not new news. Everyone has been waving their flag on saying they're going to bring value. We're in a sector that delivers that with a convenience factor attached to it for our customers, and that's how we're thinking about it starting off the year. 
Gary Philbin: Dan, this is Gary. Let me take a swing at it first. We're excited to have 300 stores in the renovations. And what you're going to see, listen, the headline is how do we drive a more productive store for our customers at Family Dollar that really enhances the shopping environment. And you're going to see some things that both drive traffic and enhance the customer shopping experience, especially on the discretionary side as well. And I'm not going to give the blueprint of everything that you'll see out there, but I -- the model will be a small box, still. We certainly know how to run our box, both in urban and rural. And what we're going to drive is really the categories and adjacencies that make sense in a Family Dollar world. And I think our opportunity is to find the categories that consistently drive in traffic, week in and week out, which has not always been the case as the box has been developed over time. And we certainly have the pieces to make that a better shopping environment for our customer, and some of that can be our consumables and frozen food. And on the margin pieces, so the elements that we do on seasonal, we're not -- we aren't the same party department that Dollar Tree is by a long shot. But certainly, our customers still have birthdays and celebrate seasons, and those are things that we can enhance and shine up in a Family Dollar world. And the difference that we really have is we still have apparel, and apparel is a category that, for us, we can win in. It's always been a matter of space and the dedication that you give it within the store. And so those are some of the items that, when you combine with the basic elements, our Smart Ways to Save that will sort of come to life in these stores in a way that show our customer categories, adjacencies and the items they need and want, we think, in an exciting shopping environment, is what these will look like. You'll see a split with both urban and rural locations. We know we can be successful in both. And you'll see that split, maybe not evenly between the 2 locations, but it'll be fairly close on both. 
Gary Philbin: Well, I'm counting on it. But I'm clearly happy with Duncan as a partner, number one. And Duncan is going to help us tremendously, I would tell you that. And if I kind of echo what Bob said, his experience doesn't need me to polish it up, but... 
Gary Philbin: He's going to be President of Family Dollar. He's going to have as strong a voice as anyone at the table. Here's what I'd like to think about. And listen, the price checks, I get more than everybody out in the field, I'm sure. The way I take a look at the price checks and either it's 10%, which I don't know where you're checking, but we react accordingly. And it comes across both on shelf, everyday pricing. We're rooted on EDLP. We need to show a weekly promotion when we put our ad out there. We launched our customer savings on price drop, which are some of the things they buy most often. So it's a combination of all those things that we go to market with that react to a Family Dollar customer. And so we're going to be mindful where Walmart is and certainly anybody in our sector, but we have more than one tool to go to show our customer value in our store. And that's how we think about it. 
