Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Jeff. We are continuing to execute at a high level and acting with urgency around our business transformation, and I am pleased with our solid start to 2023. We are looking forward to our investor conference next month, where we expect to provide our investors and analysts with a multiyear outlook for the business, including a substantive and comprehensive overview of the key elements of our business. Our team has identified multiple levers to unlock value, and we have strong underlying business momentum that positions us favorably in the current retail and economic environment. We see a path to greater earnings power over the next 3 years and look forward to sharing our plans in more detail next month. I also want to take this opportunity to welcome our new Supply Chain Officer, Mike Kindy. I have worked with Mike in previous organizations, and he is a proven subject matter expert and thought leader in supply chain and logistics. I am very confident that Mike will demonstrate continued success at Dollar Tree based on his past record. I also want to thank John Flanagan for his contributions, which helped us get to where we are today. While John communicated to us at the outset is desired to serve only for a short period, over the past year, john has led our supply chain strategy and has overseen the early stages of the process to optimize our distribution network and he's had a tremendous impact. We are moving at a fast pace in our journey to fundamentally reposition our combined retailing operations for sustainable long-term growth. Our efforts are already paying off in the form of significant market share gains at both segments. Both formats have a clear runway for accelerated growth in productivity and profitability. Our leaders have complete ownership over the factors that will shape our outlook for the next 3 to 5 years. We have a winning team of more than 200,000 associates who are highly motivated and eager to succeed. I look forward to sharing more next month at our conference. And one last note. Before we go to Q&A, I want to share some IR news with you. Several months ago, Randy Guiler communicated with us his retirement plans. This advanced notification provided us with ample opportunity to seek Randy's replacement. I want to thank Randy for his 9 years of dedicated service leading the IR function at Dollar Tree. I am pleased to share that [ Bob LaFleur ] joined Dollar Tree on Monday of this week as our new SVP of Investor Relations. Randy will be with us at our upcoming investor conference and is continuing in his current role with the company through the month of June to help facilitate a smooth transition. Please join me in congratulating Randy on his impending retirement, and Bob on his new role at Dollar Tree. Operator, Jeff and I are now ready to take questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Thank you, John. Great question. There's a lot of meat answering that question. The first thing I'd like to say is the strength that we are experiencing consumables has nothing to do with weakness in our discretionary. The fact that we are responding to the needs of the consumer, which is the shift towards consumables, is a really significant step forward for us and that we're introducing consumable products, especially on the Dollar Tree side, that the consumer is responding to. Now when I talk about our discretionary, I think it's also important for everyone in this call to realize that our discretionary is a little bit different than what you'd see out in the marketplace. Our discretionary tends to be high-value items that you can compare to another operator, another retailer, and see a significant difference in the retail price point. So that's part of the reason I'm still very bullish on where we are with discretionary. Now as this shift continues, the advantage for us is twofold. Number one, private brands, and the amount of work that's being done on private brands. And what I'd like to say is not just on the consumable side. Our private brand effort includes HVAC or HBC and all of the higher-margin private label products. So that's another way for us to accelerate the margin on the consumable side. And let's not forget shrink, when you think about the pressure that we're experiencing, shrink tends to be cyclical. And what happens with shrink is we all work to mitigate it. If you can't, all costs that can't be taken out it passed on the consumer eventually. So we're keeping an eye on it. And I would say, John, again, as we talk about margin, the shrink issue, we have 4 classes of shrink stores, with 4 being the highest. The shrink impact is pretty uniform through all 4 classes which I've never seen that in my career, which is truly fascinating. So in regards to the fresh concept, right now, we are committed to frozen food and refrigerated, which is one of the highest growing categories with our particular consumer. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, 2 good questions there. We are very excited what we're seeing with Dollar Tree Plus, and our intent is to move that along as fast as we can. The same thing with the $3, $4, $5 frozen food. The change in the basket when those items goes in is significant. The price point thing, Rick McNeely, our Chief Merchant, is actually experimenting with a couple more price points in certain stores, and there has been no consumer resistance. I think once we broke the dollar, I think that any backlash on that is behind us. And what Rick is doing, incrementally priced SKUs are not a repetition of what we already have. So we're creating a bigger basket and a broader shopping experience. 
Richard Dreiling: Then, Ed, on the second part of your question, the first thing I'd like to say is we intend to highlight a lot of that question at the Investor Day, which will give you a little more clarity to how it's going to shake down and how quick it's going to come. A couple of comments, though, prior to that. Number one, I am very bullish on the opportunity here. And I do think if we are realistic, this consumable shift and the shrink impact are transitory. I do not believe we're going to be living with them forever, and that is all accretive to what we're doing. And then you throw in -- and all of this, Ed, is in motion now, the move to the [ 78-inch ] profile. We're going to add almost 1,000 new SKUs. The work on Dollar Tree Plus, the expanded coolers, the expanded frozen food, the improvement in the physical store facilities. We're reducing our turnover. There's already proof of that by the wage investments we've made, which is going to help us in so many other areas. So what I'd like to say, there's a lot in motion, I am incredibly confident and optimistic, and we'll lay this out for you in more detail at the Investor Day. 
Richard Dreiling: Another great question. And I would say this, and no offense to anybody prior to me. Somewhere along the line, we have confused value and cheap. Our consumer is looking for value, and value means that -- it's the classic story I can remember years ago, people -- somebody bought a rake in one of our stores, took it home, used it 1 day and it was broken. Well, that was cheap, but that's not value. And how we are going to manage this, we're doing a better job of procuring products and bringing the right selection in. The people at Dollar Tree are making their first trip to China in over 3 years, and we're really excited. Now, they'll be able to stand face-to-face with the manufacturer and the vendor and be able to see and hold and feel what they're going to bring into the store. And then the other thing, Scot, to be frank, the consumer is going to make that choice. If we have the right products, the right selection and we promote value, the consumer is going to gravitate there anyway. 
Richard Dreiling: We're actually seeing new customers. Our core customer is coming more frequently. Now when they come, they don't spend any more, but they come more often. And what we're now seeing is the trade down in that $80,000 income range, and we're actually beginning to target that consumer, and that consumer is more wrapped up in the consumable business. And one of the things that Jeff highlighted, I hope that everybody caught was the improvement in our service level to the stores, which is significant. And that service level improvement is become -- comes from giving the stores what they want when they order it, and they're drawing consumables at a much higher rate down. And then what happens, when that higher income consumer comes in, they're used to a certain in-stock level, and we're now able to do a better job of satisfying that, which is why we're seeing that trade down. 
Richard Dreiling: Then in regards to the question concerning combined warehouses, we're opening on the process of building one in Florida. We had one in Utah, and we actually converted it to Family Dollar only. It's one of those propositions that sounds easy, makes sense but it tends to be a little more difficult to execute. And what John and Mike have done for us is we've have done -- and which we'll share at the Investor Day, we've done a total analysis of the system. And at the end of the day, this really boils down to stem miles and how far away the distribution center is from the stores. And I have no opinion, I'm not sold that we need to do it, but I'm not sold that we don't need to do it. But we need to spend a little more time with it. And we're going to give you our thoughts on a more broader base at the investor conference. And then we'll probably have an answer in the next 6 or 7 months where we would go ultimately on a combined warehouse. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I don't want to give a mid-quarter guidance here. It's we're only 3 weeks -- 3.5 weeks into the quarter. But I will tell you, I am very pleased with the trends and the transaction counts have not changed. I -- Matt, when I look at this, we always want to look at the basket, and I've always believed that footsteps ultimately drive the basket. And I am very pleased with what we're seeing with transactions, and I think the transaction growth we have is leading to the comp sales that we're driving at Dollar Tree. So I remain very, very bullish on both banners at this stage of the game. 
Richard Dreiling: If you go back to the last earnings call, we did call out that we were starting to see a shift in shrink and the drive towards consumables. Now there's absolutely no doubt over the last 12, 15 weeks that call out has accelerated. And I think the consumer is feeling the real pressure now of a lot of things that have taken place. We've had change in SNAP benefits, tax returns are smaller than this time last year, all the stimulus is out of the system, and all of that is taking root. And the consumer now is more focused on needs and buying to those needs as close as they can versus wants, and that's the shift we've seen. Now we think that shift is going to continue for a while. We don't particularly believe it's going to get any worse. I can't remember the second part of the question. 
Richard Dreiling: So I'll take the first part, let Jeff handle the second. Underpromise, overdeliver, I think, has been the mantra of my career, and I cannot deny that. But I will make a couple of comments. Number one, when we started the journey at my previous employer, we were priced. We did not do it in the public arena. And what you're seeing is a lot of the maturations we went through a long, long time ago. I do believe we are on the right path. I do believe all the things we're doing are right, and I do believe there's a payoff coming. And what we will do at the Investor Day is we're going to show you that map. And what I'd like to do is hold on until that time, Michael. So I can -- so we can stand up there with charts and graphs and show you the journey. But I think we are getting this level set now. Every day, we find something new we didn't know about, and we're going to have to go out and get it fixed. And this is a journey, and I've got the right people around me. I've got 200,000 people that are excited, that are dying to be led. And we just need a little bit of time, and we're going to lay it all out for you in about 4 weeks. Jeffrey, I'll let you handle that. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. To answer your question, at this stage of the game, north of $1.25 and less than $5. That is a correct assumption. That doesn't mean that's where we're going to land when this is all said and done. But yes, we are -- that was -- that's very fair, between $1.25 and $5 is where we're at right now with no duplication of the SKU. 
Richard Dreiling: Krisztina, I'd add one last thing, too. Shrink tends to fall into certain categories. And in our higher shrink stores we're actually exploring, do we need the same assortment as a low shrink category store? So those are the kinds of things we're looking forward. To Jeff's point, we're looking at everything right now to mitigate the problem. 
Jeffrey Davis: If I could just add to that. One of the things that the merchant team is really focused on the whole situation is always making sure that they're giving more value in relation to the market at every price. And while some of our prices in relation to where we were previously embracing the dollar at a higher price point, continue to have that price separation and value separation against other competitors in the marketplace. 
Jeffrey Davis: This is Jeff. I'll take the first part of the question regarding shrink. When we gave our guidance for the year, we had approximately less than 10% of our stores have taken their inventories for the year. And while we did see some elevation in that shrink, that was embedded in our guidance for the year. As we move through the course of the quarter, we saw a pretty rapid increase in the level of shrink that was being experienced by the stores. And as Rick has said, we were seeing that across all strength classes, which was really out of the normal for us. That's the reason why we needed to make the adjustment. So through this period of time, we only have a little less than 40% of our stores that have taken their inventories. We are anticipating that what we're seeing today could accelerate even further because we still have a number of our higher shrink class stores still left, and that's what's being reflected in the adjustment that we had for the year. But based upon what we know today, based upon some other leading indicators, we believe that the adjustment we make is most appropriate. This is not unlike what you're seeing in many other retailers across the industry. Some of this is societal, some of it is economic, some of it, of course, is particular to us. And we're taking all the appropriate steps that we can to control and mitigate this where we can. 
Jeffrey Davis: And Peter, just to give you a little more dimensionalization. Across both banners, they are averaging about $3 million net new customers over a trailing 12-month period. So you are seeing that customer -- a new customer coming to us. We're seeing that customer shop across the entire store across consumables and discretionary. And as Rick has mentioned, our ability to make sure that we have the right store environment such that they want to come back is an important element for us. That's the reason why we want to continue improving our store standards and delivery and service to those stores. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. So on the first portion of the question with respect to margins at Dollar Tree, we had stated earlier that our expectation is we'd be able to manage that business over the course of the year to a 36% to 37% gross margin rate. And there's lots that goes into that, of course, not only product costs but shrink markdowns on some other elements. Today, as we look in our guidance, I would say that we would be at the lower end of that range, but we feel comfortable that we will be able to continue managing the business based upon our product offering and how the customer behaviors have been in that 36%, 37% range, so at the lower end of that. There's just a number of elements we believe that we still have to work to from a product offering basis as we look at the introduction of new price points and able to capture a little more margin where previously we weren't able to do so at some of the lower price points. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. I was just going to add a little -- provide a little dimension on the acceleration of consumables.  So in the fourth quarter, you may recall that for Dollar Tree, on a year-over-year basis, they were flat in their mix, and Family Dollar was about 120 basis point shift into consumables. If you fast forward to the first quarter of this year, Dollar Tree is now 180 basis points shift into consumables and Family Dollar was 200 basis points, so you saw a pretty significant, on a year-over-year basis, shift more into the consumables. And that's what our financials have reflected, but that should hopefully give you a indication of just the quantum of what that shift is. And if you think on a margin basis, what that does for you is that there's about a full 20-point differential in your gross and your initial margins between discretionary and consumables. So when that dollar shifts from discretionary into consumables on average, you're losing 20 points of initial margin. 
Jeffrey Davis: The only thing I would add to that is that we are very confident that we will be able to deliver double-digit EPS. And the actions to get there, we are embarked upon currently. As Rick has said, we are confident in what we're doing. You're starting to see some of the results from a top line perspective. The components of how we get there and the time frame that we get there would be best illustrated when we get to the Investor Day, and we don't want to take anything away from that period of time. But we are confident the double-digit EPS is in our near-term horizon. 
Jeffrey Davis: Yes. On shrink, it's a multifaceted sort of approach. You definitely start off with a sense of merchandising, where there's opportunities for us in some situations to how you display items, what restrictions you have and how that banner is displayed. And those are the types of things that we don't particularly care for because we know that, that impacts sales, but it's an inevitable portion. We introduced new technologies within the store, how we monitor and alerts. We take such steps quite honestly in working more closely with local law enforcement to the extent that there is elevated levels with systemic communities. But also, as we have been really focused on our turnover and getting certain key positions filled and continue to be in position, that also helps us from a turnover perspective, which is -- also helps afford some of the internal elements of our shrink. So once again, very multifaceted, and we will work all across that. In the eventuality that this is something that we -- is at elevated levels, and we're going to have to pass some element of this on to our consumer, we'll ultimately have to think about how we will price this into some of our merchandise. 
