Bob Sasser: Thank you, Kevin. In summary, during 2013 our comp store sales increased 2.4% and total sales grew 6% to a record $7.8 billion. We achieved 12.4% operating margin and earnings per share increased to $2.72. 2013 was a year of great accomplishments we opened 343 new stores in 2013 expanded relocated 71 stores and ended the year with 4,992 stores and square footage growth of 6.9%. We expanded frozen and refrigerated products to 608 stores for a total 3,157 stores across the US. We opened a new 1 million square foot fully automated distribution center in Windsor Connecticut ahead of schedule and under budget and expanded capacity to other DCs San Bernardino, California and Marietta Oklahoma. As we entered our 28th year Dollar Tree can be proud of its record of steady growth and continuous reinvention while maintaining and remaining true to our core concept everything is still at Dollar Tree stores in the US. The Dollar Tree business model is powerful and flexible, it’s been tested by time and validated by history. The Dollar Tree model is now more relevant than ever providing extreme value to customers while recording record level of earnings customers know that even in a difficult economy at Dollar Tree you could still splurge everything is only at Dollar. We saw plenty of evidence of this in the fourth quarter with worst winter weather in decades our traffic was up when people were out shopping that came to Dollar Tree. I believe that Dollar Tree can do even better in the future and there is much more opportunity ahead of us than behind us we have multiple platforms for growth as we focus on serving the customer on our plans to grow and expand the Dollar Tree brand in the US through more stores and better stores. The deals brand to serving more customers with more categories. Dollar Tree Canada is positioned for profitable expansion in the new geography and Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its search and its reach to new customers throughout North America. We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen while generating substantial free cash and we continue to manage our capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. We invested more than $1.1 billion for share repurchase in 2013 and have another $1 billion authorization remaining. I am especially proud of our Dollar Tree associates from every department in the company who work hard to deliver on our promise of great value merchandise and stores that are full, fun and friendly for every customer every day. As we enter 2014 our inventories are clean and fresh the shelves are full of terrific merchandise for the spring, St. Patrick’s Day and early Easter shoppers. Our stock rooms are in great shape and our merchandise values have never been higher. We will now address your questions.
Bob Sasser: Yeah, it’s sort of hard to predict Dan we don’t know first of all, when the rates will change and of course the proposal out there with the 7.25 going to 9 in 2015 and 10 in 2016 we’d look at that and what the impact might be that most recent federal minimum wage increase was in 2007-08 and ‘09 and we really saw little impact from that we measured at that time. I would think that a little more money in lower income person’s pocket would find its way into Dollar Tree store where we’re always striving to offer great values that at only $1 price point. The cost impact there would be some cost impact in the first year, depending on when it is, we’re higher than the minimum wage anyways there is 20 states now that have minimum wages greater than 7.25 so it would be after it and after change in the minimum wave the first year would likely see a little or no impact on the cost side and it just depends on where it goes from there but I feel confident we can manage to wage pressures, at wage increases we’ve been able to do so far. And I think we have a good plan to do that going forward with increasing productivity of our stores, increasing our sales productivity basing whether it’s minimum wage price cost increases or other cost increases that have come along. I think we’ve pretty good history to manage through those.Daniel Wewer – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah great, thanks.
Bob Sasser: Matt I will let Kevin talk about parts of the gross profit but I just want to say though that the merchandize margin, merchandize markup we once again delivered maybe a little better than our plan on the merchandize markup we’re in control of that piece of it because we go to market for two purposes, one, to offer the most value for the $1 at a margin we’re willing to accept. So our initial mark up our merchandize margins are always well controlled through good times, through tough times, through recessionary times, through inflationary times we’ve always been able to manage that. I will let Kevin talk about there are few other components in gross profits for quarter I would let Kevin to describe it for you.
Bob Sasser: Well our guidance assumes everything that we know, so we have included our quarter to date this year in to our guidance.
Bob Sasser: There is a lot we’re focused on a broad spot and it’s really staying focused on the customer and the customers’ needs and the things that they want. So we’ll continue to focus initiatives on in stock on basic things they need every day at exceptional value, when they come to shop we want to have those needs based products so that they can complete their shopping trip and when they are in the store, we want seasonal energy, we want them to see the changing of the seasons with the new season, next season, fun things color, exciting things, things they didn’t expect. We always strive, we point a lot of initiatives at full fun, friendly stores, that are well stocked and customer engagement stores, these are initiatives that continue to – we work with our store associates to greet our customers, we’re self-service to a large degree but when you see a customer and you’re within smile and greet them and make sure that their needs are being met and all the way through to the front end, as they are going out our cashiers smiling and thanking them for their trip, offering them something else the new item that they may not have seen. So customer engagement initiatives are on our plate. We want stores that are first of the month ready, a lot of our customers get extra cash in their pocket at the 1st of the month. We want to make sure that our displays are chunky at the 1st of the month, we want fully well stocked stores. We’re going to continue to roll out our frozen and refrigerated it’s high value, it’s a category that does offer reason for a customer to come to our stores more frequently and as I said, we were planning 320 new frozen and refrigerated stores and expanding it in another 50 stores this year, throughout last year was the largest roll out that we had I believe in any one year 608 stores or something like that. So we began with the plan and we saw the opportunity to expand it and we continue to expand our frozen and refrigerated. Our category expansions of what we call our drive the business initiatives continue with drive the business in stationary and party, candy, max and a lot of our drive the business initiatives in our home department. We’re expanding more really, I believe that with our buying power now and our merchants are finding the ability to leverage that buying power into more value, bigger sizes, bigger saving. So we’re increasing the value, still a $1 but you get more for the buck than you’ve ever gotten before. And then the last thing I will just point to is, what we call initiatives around operational excellence we would like to offer the same great experience in every store to every customer, every day and we’re doing a lot of work around that, a lot of training, retraining, coaching and applying around our storage bay area, because that is the point of engagement for our customers.
Bob Sasser: I am pleased with where we are, with our deals model we continue to improve, we continue to refine the assortment. In the fourth quarter we had one of our strongest seasons with some of the new categories expanded categories like toys we had expanded, assortments of party and catering in our deal stores that performed very well and our basic home area continues to perform well. The top line growth in our deal stores and the margin we really don’t break that out from the rest but I am pleased that I think we have opportunity to continue to drive more top line growth in our deal stores, typically we’re aiming those at the more urban environments that maybe underserved that have a lot of customers that need the kind of products that we sale at the value prices. From that we’re experiencing higher volume sales, higher sales per square foot the margin is lower, the margin rate we have a lot of initiatives around improving the margin rate in our deal stores as we go forward because I think that’s there to be done frankly. But deals are moving along as planned we have a huge opportunity, we have quantified how many stores deals can be, but I can tell you that it’s going to be a large number at the time that we have it right. Canada it has been really three years now and it’s been three years of investment in Canada we have invested in infrastructure we’ve put all of our – virtually all of our systems and all the ones would make a difference in Canada as we put all those in. We have invested in people and store teams we have invested in the re-bannering of all of the Dollar giant stores, now are bannered Dollar Tree Canada, that was completed in last year 2013. We’re investing in the assortment planning process and really the key that Canada now is all about the merchandize and it is all about the stores and it’s about offering the best value for a C$1.25 in the country and we’re capable of doing that we’re seeing some great excitement from the customers when we do that we can do better. We continue to find our way a little bit on some of the consumer products but I am pleased with our ability to get where we need to be in stock in business with our basics every day surrounded by all those great seasonal and unexpected values as you do in Dollar Tree US. So Dollar Tree Canada, we think we can run overtime up to a 1,000 stores in Canada and we expanded this year dramatically big percentage almost 29% our continued plan is to continue expanding it about 25% rate at store count.
Bob Sasser: We take snap and we take food stamp ablate, the food stamp programs have been reduced I think the average customer stamp per recipient like $35 in their monthly food stamp, we haven’t really felt that but if you look at the numbers our percent of stamp transactions is running pretty consistent. It’s the small number anyway as I have always said it but I haven’t seen any impact on the percentage of our stamp benefit. In reality, I do know there is pressure, there has to be pressure when you take your lowest income consumers and take $35 out of your pocket there is an impact from that. As far as the basket size we really haven’t noticed any changes in that but there continues to be pressure on the consumer, there continues to be burden I think that we all see that in our stores. There are some signs of improvement in the economy but the pressure still remains unemployment is still stubbornly high, still higher cost of living impact, fuel and food and taxes, now living cost with the cold winter. I think there is obviously going to be more pressure on that and really just the anxiety of the uncertainty of the future all that remains a real strain on the family’s budget, our job at the Dollar Tree is to be part of the solution. We strive to provide products for our customers across the income spectrum that gives them balance of things they need, things they want, tremendous values just at Dollar clean bright stores, friendly people in our stores every customer, every store every day be greeted and treated especially well. So I can’t tell you that I see any of the numbers in our business I would tell you the pressure still remains. We’re still focused on providing the solutions.
Bob Sasser: Meredith I guess I would start with – I don’t think the guidance we have given is a whole lot different than traditional in the sense of the increase in earnings per share in that 7% to 15% range that’s been pretty consistent with the last couple of years I believe if you just go back and check. So I don’t think that’s necessarily significantly different. As we seat here today obviously the third and fourth quarter where we had our lowest comps in 2013 that’s the way it’s out there and as we go through the year obviously we’ll have the opportunity to adjust accordingly if there is reason to it. But I do feel that as we put our guidance together and work through it that we’re fairly comfortable with that low single digit comp increase. We did a 2:4 this year we obviously want to do better and are striving to do better. But there are a lot of different things going on out there, you heard Bob speak to the consumer and the pressures that are continued to be there and all the uncertainty if you take that into consideration obviously what we’re going to focus on is again, doing what we do best which is growing the brand, opening new stores, we’ve got 450 projects on the plans for this year the most we’ve done maybe ever, I guess in a single year. So we think that’s important if we can continue to think about that and how we can continue to improve our new store productivity there is a lot of things that we working on that hopefully at the end of the day, hopefully we will be able to exceed the guidance but at this point we’re very comfortable with where at with it and I think that’s kind of the background of how we got to it.
Bob Sasser: Well Meredith first of all we’re expanding our distribution network to provide to support our new store growth as well as our continued comp store growth. So we’ll be expanding Joliet this year we are also looking at DC 11 so we want to share with you, I want to share with you that we’re looking at the DC 11 it will be late in the year and it maybe not much spent actually this year but certainly DC11 is coming up. We do plan to continue to grow we continue to expand our store base as well as expand productivity of our existing stores. So as we grow, we’ll have to have capacity, so we’re building for our capacity we’re also considering costs, we’re considering stem miles inbound where the vendors are and how much it cost to get into the doors, we’re considering stem miles to our stores as we go forward and as we always have. So as we open up these new distribution centers, stem miles typically will be reducing so that will provide some positive aspect to our distribution cost, stem mile inbound may or may not reduce that’s the product that where the vendors applied. So all in all, I would expect DC10 to continue to get more efficient to deliver product receipt and deliver our products to our stores more efficiently, as we expand Joliet we are also going to be looking for efficiencies in the expansion to improve how we expand but also how we are delivering the products. So that’s my expectation for providing for capacity number one, number two, continuing to reap the benefits of decreasing our stem miles.
Bob Sasser: Good morning Matt.Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. Two quick follow-ups, first could you talk to the sustainability of the payroll expense improvements that you talked about in the fourth quarter as we look forward to the next few quarters? And then secondly, the cooler and freezer expansion number was quite a bit lower than last year, how much upside do you think there is to that 300-ish number and could you just remind us how many of your existing stores would be eligible for freezer and cooler expansion? Thanks.
Bob Sasser: Matt that freezer and cooler number changes every year because we keep opening new stores every year. We put it in most of the stores that we open as long as there is no restriction in our location as long as the store size that will fit in, sometimes we open smaller store to put that in and also stores of a volume. So there is a three few criteria, we usually meet those restrictions though however, they do take us out of putting them all new stores. So as we go forward we will have more every year, as we open up new stores we will have more freezer and cooler stores, it won’t be all the new stores typically but it would be some of those. And then we’re always going back and looking at the existing fleet for those same type of criteria because we open up a store and it may be of a volume that we’re not putting the freezer and cooler in, but it grows overtime. So as it comps up year-over-year then it reaches our volume, then we make profit for those. So it’s hard to say exactly how many it can be because we keep growing I think we’ve characterized it at about 300 a year for a while and for this year it’s 320 there is also opportunity that we’re finding as our business continues to grow to go back and expand some doors in some existing stores that we’re doing 50 of those, that we’ll achieve. So I think frozen and refrigerated is going to be with us as a growth category for quite some time. We’re growing the store base faster as we’re putting it in.
