Bob Sasser: Thank you, Kevin. In the face of a very challenging and uncertain environment Dollar Tree’s traffic grew, our reach is expanding and we continue to deliver record profitability. Operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 10.7%, and I would like to point out that that’s the highest this quarter operating margin in the history of our company. Earnings per share increased by 18.6% on top of a 19.2% increase last year. Our inventory is balanced and more productive than ever. Our turns increased again through the first three quarters of the year and we entered the fourth quarter well prepared for new store growth and customer demand. Through the third quarter this year, we’ve opened 298 new stores across the US and Canada, and the productivity of the new store flats has been performing ahead of last year. In addition, the company invested $235 million for share repurchase, buying back 5 million shares over the first three quarters, including 3.3 million shares for $115 million at the third quarter alone. I believe that Dollar Tree has singularly positioned to do even better in the future. The customers are focused on our stores and our product. They are strategically located to serve middle America. They are bright, they are convenient and they are fun to shop. Our balance mix of high value consumer basics and our unique assortment of fund, compelling seasonally correct discretionary product positions us to be relevant to customers in all economic circumstances. Dollar Tree has a solid and scalable infrastructure that we're expanding and leveraging for better inventory management, increasingly efficient supply chain, more productive stores and crisper execution overall. The deals we are at is gaining traction, both traffic and average ticket are growing. Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach, and we're building and expanding our Canadian business. We've plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen, while generating substantial free cash which we use for the long-term benefit of shareholders. We are having a great year, we’ve transitioned quickly from Halloween and our stores are now set with our best merchandize value ever for Thanksgiving and the Christmas holiday season.  We are now ready for your questions so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. We ask that you limit your questions to two. 
Bob Sasser: Sure, the Q3 had some sales pressures. It was a solid quarter, we are pleased that our sales were up 7.8%, our comp sales grew 1.6 and that was a result driven by traffic, our sales were within a range of guidance and it was an extremely profitable quarter. Our operating margin was the highest ever in Q3 at 10.7%. So it was really a strong quarter, net income up 12.2, EPS up 18.6 and again earnings at the high end of our guidance.  So, as I sit here talk about pressures on our business, I am struck a little bit by the exceptional profitability of our quarter. Depression on sales were basically, I think you put them in three buckets that was number one, consumer anxiety from just continuation of a difficult macro environment with stubbornly high employment and continuing high gas prices and they keep rising and continued concerns about the top economy and the fiscal cliff, and all of this was magnified everyday as we went through the elections and that created anxiety and then certainly in the consumer that was one.  Secondly, we had calendar shift of Halloween from Monday to Wednesday which moved two more Halloweens selling days into fourth quarter that was about a $5 million headwind and we saw that. And the third reason is the difficult comparisons. If you look at what we are up against, we are against the two years stack comp of 13.5%. As a comparison in Q2 this year, we were against the two years stand at 11.4%. And if you look back at the three years stack and the four years stack, you will find pretty much the same spread.  So it was a pretty difficult comparison this year and third quarter, and especially difficult comparison in our consumable business which really as a percentage of totaled by a 170 basis points last year, and we were up against that this year. This year consumables grew 32 basis points on top of that. We had a good quarter as I said, we are pleased with the profitability. We are now focused on fourth quarter, our stores are well prepared for the holiday sales. We are in stock, we are in business with the best values ever and we are looking forward to good fourth quarter.
Bob Sasser: Well, those were all subjective; we all saw the same thing, gasoline prices overall rose throughout the quarter and I believe continue to rise, they are higher than they were this time last year, they were at -- we do well within difficult times. My point is, all the anxiety played out on TV 24/7 with the election about the fiscal cliff, about the unemployment, about all the economic concerns, I believe put pressure on sales in the third quarter. Secondly, we had the calendar shift and lastly we were up against really tough comparisons in third quarter especially when you looked at our consumable business last year growing 170 basis points; its grown 200 basis points in two years, a 170 in last year, difficult comparison.
Bob Sasser: Well, Matt, obviously we don't give, we give guidance, but we don't then comment on the forward quarter, basically but beyond that. Obviously, I don't know that any of the macro environment has changed significantly since that point in time. Some of those things as unemployment, high gas prices and uncertainty around the fiscal cliff are still there. So I think I don't know that the environment has changed a whole lot. Obviously, we feel like we are ready for a good fourth quarter. We are, our stores are, teams are well prepared. We have the inventory that we think is well suited and right on the spot for the consumer. So our expectations are to go through the quarter and we believe it could be relatively good, while we are going some very tough compared a year ago when we were up 7.3% on a comp basis with pretty much perfect weather, so we all know that going into though.
Bob Sasser: Really if you look at the discretionary versus consumables, both pieces of business were positive for the quarter, so I think that's very, very positive. So they both continue to comp positive which has been the case for many quarters in a row now. I think that as we go forward, we would expect that to continue. We are well positioned. We think that as we go forward that maybe there will, we've seen a slowdown I guess in a sense as far as the delta between growth in consumables if you look at the quarters this year Q1 I think we are up about 110 bps in consumables, Q2 is 40 and then Q3 30. So we've seen that moderate a little bit. But overall we feel good about where we've positioned ourselves. We are a variety store first and foremost and that's what our heritage is and that's what we want to be known as and that is very important to us, so as we continue to go forward we think that's good. Gross profit otherwise, as we look at talk maybe to some of the pressures from Q3, obviously there was some freight pressure there and we really, as we’ve talked in the prepared comments about trucking rates and the fact that if you look at the industry in general, since the economic downturn, there has been many trucking businesses go out, less competition obviously. If you keep up in that industry, there is a nation-wide shortage of truck drivers out there. So there is definitely some pressure there. Fuel, 23 basis points, $0.23 up, I mean for the quarter. The metric there as we’ve always said, as fuel, diesel fuels are a $1 higher for the full-year, it would be about $0.05 hit to us. So you can kind of back in to what that means to us. So I don't know that, I expect there still to be some pressure as we go forward in the Q4 in that area. We’ve really seen it all year and I think we’ll continue to see a little bit of it as we go through the fourth quarter as well.
Bob Sasser: Matt, we don’t break it out by state or even by period our comp sales. We put that in our guidance; as Kevin described, he talked about the guidance going forward. Anecdotally, I will tell you that I think it's a good thing to get past the election and anything we can do to have more certainty in everybody’s lives is a good thing. There is a lot concern out there still and I think we're still in a period of a little bit of uncertainty in consumer. Having said that, we are prepared; we have all the things that we need. Our people have done a terrific job transitioning from third quarter and into fourth quarter preparing for the holiday; we have got the best assortments ever out there and when things are tight we are still going to shop and at Dollar Tree everything is at $1; we have things you need, things you want and we think we are going to get our fair share of the customer. I am particularly pleased with our merchandize assortment this year, a lot of its new, a lot of it is change, it’s not the same old, same old and our customers I tell you they are going to be responding in great numbers to our stores and to our merchandize assortment for this fourth quarter. So we are excited about it yeah, so as we talk about all the headwind there, we always plan to get our piece of the business and I think we will do so again this year in the fourth quarter.
Bob Sasser: Well Chuck, I think you just got to take a look at, the macro environment really hasn't improved. So it’s stubborn, it continues and there is on certainty out there; prove it, I can't prove it. For you, I can just tell you what I see and what we hear and what we listen to our customers and what they say. Now as you look at the third quarter, it was a terrific quarter last year, we were up against a big two year comparison third quarter, it was the largest two years stack that when you look at the difference in the two years stack between second and third quarter it’s about 200 basis point difference. So there is a big difference in the last year’s performance that we were up against in third quarter. And a lot of that was consumer products; we again grew our consumer goods at 170 basis points in third quarter of last year. This year we grew it again, but its 32 basis points on top of the 170. So those were the fact that did start off, every month was positive, every month it grew August, September improved over August, October over September so it grew through the quarter, all-and-all it was 1.6 comp at the end of the day. So the three pressures that I listed are the three that we can identify and those are the things that we see and again, I will just point, the 1.6 comp delivered a lot of leverage still on fixed costs and it was an extremely profitable quarter for us.
Bob Sasser: Well, Meredith, I didn't hopefully, I'm answering the question about competition as best I can you know, we stay focus on what we do, we look at the competition, I can't tell you that I can relate one or the other of the competitors to a reason that we factor anything into our guidance going forward, anything different into our guidance going forward because we are so different than the other guys you know comparing Dollar Tree to a Wal-Mart is really not a good comparison as we do what we do, everything at Dollar with comp stores, we create terrific value for customers on things that they need everyday and we've been growing that business for several years as well as the discretionary business, it’s a place to go to find fun and the exciting and new and seasonal and trend and everything is a (inaudible) as a fun shopping experience. So it’s just really a lot different model and Wal-Mart is a lot different than the other guys with Dollar in their name. I'm sure they are all doing really well but I can't tell you that I see anything that they are doing that is having an effect on us adversely. We actually like being near most of them because of the traffic they bring into the shopping centers but we are just different and we stay focused on what we are doing.
Bob Sasser: And Meredith, I think incentives are still the same. And if they exceed their goals then they get paid more but we like that. If our stores exceed then we all exceed our goals. So if that all goes up in concert.
Bob Sasser: Dan, going back to 1999, I remember I was there too and we did have small stores for the 4,000 to 6,000 square feet and they are pretty much opened up at what they were going to do and the comps were stubborn. As we expanded the size of our stores one of the things I used to like about perhaps still do is we expanded our open to sell which serve the customer better, it gave us the ability to serve, offer more products and more categories and serve more customers and brought more broad appeal and we have had that. I think your point about since 2007 through 2012 some of our highest comps is valid and I think what you are looking at is short-term versus long-term.  I still believe what I told you back in 1999 about the largest store and where we would go and the opportunity to serve more customers and better serve our customers and increase our same-store sales and our productivity. I still believe in that, but we are going to go through swings from time-to-time, from year-to-year, from quarter-to-quarter and likely short-term you are going to have a quarter that’s up against a really big quarter and really big, in this case five quarters and the comparisons are going to get a little difficult and what about it to deal with bad weather and by the way (inaudible) to get a little sentiment running the wrong way. I don’t see that as long-term though.  So yes we can still comp it at higher rates and we intend to comp at higher rates, I am clearly pleased with the 1.6 I know that sounds funny may be to when I say that, because always we are looking for more, but in this quarter a 1.6 comp and the way we convert it and leveraged that and converted that to operating margin. The highest operating margin ever in third quarter from a company that has high operating margins I think is and I am pretty proud of what I thought to have done with that. Can we do better? Absolutely. We can do a lot of things to continue to engage our customers we can sell more we can increase our productivity and all our stores it’s going in the right direction. You hear me praising that.  Directionally, we are going in the right way. We are not at the top, we are not where we are going to be, there are still things that we can do to drive productivity and our teams are working and focused and so look a little bit longer than one quarter and I still believe in the concept, I believe that we are more relevant today than we’ve ever been to our customer.  You know back in 1999, we clearly didn't have much that you needed; it was everything that you wanted for the most parts small stores. Now with our mix, when times are tough, we got things to sell in tough times and you can see that growth in our consumer products from that. One-time aren’t so tough, we have discretionary product. I talk about like customers are having jingle in their pockets because I really want to sell the full mix and that's what we strive to do it Dollar Tree, its not just one or the other selling the mix and selling the shopping experience and I still believe that when everything is in dollar in a store and that makes us different and our customers love it, and they react to it and they are going to go into for many years, go ahead.
Bob Sasser: I know it may sound like that and it look like that but stacks are just they just don't support. As we look at our stores that are in the competitor’s areas and we see no difference, we see nothing from what they are doing that is affecting our stores on the store-by-store or market-by-market basis.  Like I said, they are good retailers, I have great respect for all of them but we are different, its just not, we are not the same, we are not a Coke Pepsi predominantly driven name brand predominantly driven assortment and when we do have name brands, we are usually a little different and I think our value on our front end, we only sell the Coke products at the front end for the most part, from time-to-time we will have to somewhere else but its always impulse, its always out of the cooler, mostly out of the cooler, you need one to drink, you pull it out, it’s a great value for a buck. By the way you can buy the Pepsi and it’s a bigger bottle than the Coke product for a buck. That's a position that Coke has chosen to take.  And so we are just like everybody else. We are out there whatever size they are willing to sell for that price. So I can't tell you that, I will tell you that there is no data that supports the fact that the competition is taking away our consumer products business. It is more us, it is more we started from zero to whatever we have now in the last several years and now we are starting to year-over-year run up against those big, big numbers and we can continue to grow but we intend to grow the whole mix, not just one side or the other and as you will go into our stores hopefully this Christmas you'll go into a stores, take a look and when you walk in what you are going to see is Christmas, and you are going to see fun and you are going to see toys and you are going to see all the things to decorate you house, and wrap your boxes and give you presents and stock and stuffers and all of those kinds of things because that is what we think adds excitement merchandize energy, ever changing mix of product to what makes us a difference than the rest of the folks in our sector.  So that's the facts we are in control of our destiny, we are going to have times where the comps are more and times when the comps are less and year-over-year-over-year you know there are going to be times when you have a little different set of circumstances after five years of progressively increasing comps. Look at the long term though, and I don't mean long term next century, I'm talking about just look at the long term future of our company, we are in the best position, we've got the most growth, we've got the most tools to grow, we have Dollar Tree, we have Deal$, we have Dollar Tree Canada, we have Dollar Tree Direct. We have the infrastructure to support that growth. We know how to run it, and I'm really pleased about where we are. It’s like playing golf I tell folks if I can take my drive, instead of driving if I can place my ball out in the fair way where I wanted, this is where I want to point it. We are exactly where we need to be in regard to relevance to our customer and that's the answer.
Bob Sasser: Yeah, Steven, again we don't give any information out about you know the forward quarter. Obviously everything we know today is baked into our guidance as we've given it to you and that's really where we are at. I don't know that we believe that there's conservatism in our guidance; we try to put it together with what the best facts that we have in front of us at that point in time and we try to be as realistic as possible and put the best numbers forward that we can. So that's kind of how we look at it and that's really all we can speak to you at this point.
Bob Sasser: Well, obviously, the better the comp, the more leverage we’ve traditionally seen; there is no doubt about that. We continue to work very hard in every aspect of our business to become more efficient to find ways to improve processes, buy things better from a non-merchandize point of view. All those things we work hard on every day, and obviously we believe there is always continue to room to improve there.  I think as we think about investing in our business, obviously the best thing investing is another Dollar Tree stores. We’ve said for a long time; that the return on another Dollar Tree store is the best thing we can do, and we look to continue to grow our business; we're investing in our infrastructure with a new distribution center, $100 million project. So not a small project and we will continue to look at those type of things. We continue to be a buyer of our stock in Q3 with a $149 million of stock repurchase in Q3. So those are ways we look at continuing to invest and our business, and as we continue to create strong quality earnings, that’s what we’ll look to do.
Bob Sasser: Yeah we are very strategic in our relocations now. We rarely close a store and we are always looking though we do usually five year leases with three five year terms something like that, sometimes longer if we know the market we are better. But the idea being that as the market changes we can move with the markets. Back in the earlier days as we were transitioning from the small store to the large store, relocation was strategic for the market, but it was also an increase usually of the store size. Today our relocations are typically to stores strictly for strategic reasons may be the anchor and the center moved may be the population has changed, maybe we are just run out of term and we need to move may be the landlord is not going to scrape the center and something like that.  But the size of the store moving from is about the same as the size of the store that we are building. So there is not much of a difference and that is strictly a relocation based on strategy based on where we want to be in the market and how many stores and we talk about planning the market. It’s not just one store it’s the entire market that we are looking at.  So (inaudible) asked the question I would say that the pipeline we start looking at opportunities to relocate several years before the lease term expires, and we are always out there looking at the market and moving things around to be optimal. I would say that most of the time we relocate strategically, we are finding the space to move to, we are finding the right kinds of product and again we have the ability to take what’s there as is and turn it into a nice Dollar Tree store.  Sometimes we can work with those developer, sometimes not as much since 2008, but little more now then has been to build the right Dollar Tree store for us. So the relocations are generally there and the idea of planning out the market is moving them around is typically the reasons we do it now, not to get to a bigger store as much.
Bob Sasser: Sales was about the same as it was last year from a relo, and again we are relo in same size stores typically. A 10000 square foot stores, to the 10000 square foot store. So there is not a benefit for more square footage as it was in early days moving from 5 to 10. But we are still last year this year it was like pretty much the same sales lift.
Bob Sasser: I can't tell you the comp gap for month and month, we just don't report that, but it’s really more. August last year was a bigger quarter than bigger period in September of course last year. So we were up against a bigger number in August. As we enter the quarter we are comp positive every period and it rose throughout the quarter. But it was more in relation to what we did last year by period than it was anything else to get to the 1.6.  And no we are not going to do two-for-ones. Everything’s at a dollar at Dollar Tree and we put the most value in it we can put for a dollar and it’s worth more than a dollar. So it’s not the value of our product as we see these things, and we are not planning any dramatic promotions and I would point to one more time that we had the highest operating margins in the third quarter we've ever had in the third quarter.  So our goal is to make money, our goal is to drive sales, drive productivity, leverage the fixed costs, leverage our infrastructure and make money for our shareholders and we are going to do that the best way. Sales is not something that we do. Clearance is the only thing we do, after Christmas we will sell some things too for a dollar but Christmas items. But no we don't plan any price promotions, we are already at price promotion; the whole store at 10,000 square feet [supplies].
Bob Sasser: No, I don't think so. Our best use of a dollar invested is to build a new Dollar Tree store and the returns are terrific and our goal is to keep making them even better, more productive and we are having success in that. The new stores are opening up in a higher historically higher rate, productivity, sales per square foot are up and we think we can drive that higher.  So our returns should be going up and we are happy with continuing to grow and open more stores. The number of stores that we are opening are the number of stores that we think we can open profitability with the infrastructure that we felt, with the people and the store teams that we have and that we can develop profitably.  So we are subject, we have plenty of room for growth. You know we can run we think 7000 Dollar Tree stores, we've got a lot of room to go towards getting that number, and our goal is to continue growing pretty much at this rate. We haven't announced what next year’s rate is, but I'm still bullish on Dollar Tree. So we still have the same idea. We are going to grow what we think we can do based on our ability to do it profitably, not get ahead of ourselves.
Kevin Wampler: And regards to your question as far as freezers and the lift as we add freezers and coolers to stores, we are continuing to see, as we have said historically a 5% to 10% lift across the store, so it’s not just consumables that see a lift, it is discretionary and consumables across the board. So we are continuing to see that; we are now over 2,400 stores with freezers and coolers and we continue to rollout as we said this year 325 stores and we continue to look to grow that program going forward. We do believe obviously that its fast returning, little bit lower margin, but it does drive footsteps into our stores and we like the traffic it generates. 
Kevin Wampler: I mean I think your math is relatively correct. Obviously, you've got to remember we do have the extra week in the fourth quarter so we've got a $120 million to $130 million of sales where no additional fixed costs per se. Obviously, there are some variable costs that go with that. So that affects it and generally with the theme of the year I think what you would see is again the majority of the gains coming from SG&A, potentially gross profit being flat to maybe a little bit of upside. So I think that's, we continue to see the metrics kind of move in the same direction.
Kevin Wampler: Guidance obviously assumes the sales that we are expecting and within that is built the model of how we build up the incentive comp. So I don't think obviously if we significantly outperform the guidance with the sales bonus, potentially go up, yes but it goes up in concert. I mean that’s the way it's built such that its paper performance realistically, the way we’ve always looked at it. So I don’t think it's got a significantly shift in the fourth quarter one way or the other. It's really built in accordingly.
