Michael Witynski: Thanks, Kevin.  I could not be more proud of the overall team's performance for the second quarter. As I stated earlier, it is a new day at Family Dollar. Family Dollar delivered a 13.6% comp for the first half of the year, and operating margin has improved 350 basis points from the first half a year ago. We have seen nice momentum thus far in Q3.  Dollar Tree had a good quarter with sequential improvement in both sales and margin, following a very challenging Q1. Aside from the food category, we saw comp improvement in every line of the business in the second quarter.  I believe we are at the right spot at the right time. We have a business teams consolidated into one store support center. Our leadership teams are aligned, focused and energized. Our support teams are receiving consistent direction and are acting with enhanced clarity, focus and speed. Our merchant teams are doing a tremendous job of adapting and reacting to evolving customer trends, and our store operators are focused on running great, clean, safe stores.  At Dollar Tree and Family Dollar, we have a tremendous opportunity to drive sales, enhance gross margins and leverage our cost structure, each contributing to operating margin improvements over time. We are a growth company in the most attractive sector in retail, opening more stores, renovating stores, improving our efficiencies, generating significant free cash flow, focusing on our customers and running great businesses. I truly believe the best is still ahead of us.  Before we go into Q&A, I would like to just share that our thoughts are with all of our families and communities and our associates that have been with and are being impacted by Hurricane Laura that is passing through the Louisiana and Texas area right now.  Operator, we are now ready to take questions. 
Michael Witynski: Matt, thanks for your interest. Regarding the multi-price point at Dollar Tree, we are very interested and excited about the opportunity. We're going to -- especially as we moved into the more discretionary and wow factor that Dollar Tree is known for, we're seeing good response from our customers as we provide exciting products for them. And we're going to continue to watch it, not the key metrics that we're watching. We're going to continue to watch, are our customers responding to a favorably? Are we getting more productivity out of that 4-wall box? So we want sales per square foot to go up. And we want to enhance our margins. I mean, those are the 3 things that we'll be looking at to determine if it's successful as we continue to enhance it.  On the Family Dollar side, we will continue. We think that, that 11.7% comp is -- just confirms that our customers are appreciating the investment we're making in our H2. They're responding favorably. And Rick and the merchant teams, too, that 18 months ago, we focused a lot on rolling out the H2. In the last 6 months, with Rick in charge, he's really working on refining that the H2 assortment. As you always have continuous improvement, we're looking at adjacencies, SKU count. How do you expand in discretionary side? So while we're rolling out that H2, the merchants are working on that continuous improvement that will get us more sales per square foot and more margin by getting our discretionary mix stronger. 
Michael Witynski: Matt, just to give a little color, too, on your question, getting to the 35% to 36%. We absolutely believe we can get to that range that we historically have. As Kevin said, we like the mix that can drive us there. And if you really look at our initial markdown from a product and mix perspective, we're in great shape. Our pressure is from the shrink and the DC costs. We know where it is, and we're going to get after those areas. 
Michael Witynski: Michael, thanks for the question. We're very proud of and like our 11.7% comp growth and especially a record 28.9% growth on the discretionary side. We're seeing that on the Family Dollar side, based on the information that we're getting from third parties and internal, that we captured 15% new customers during the quarter. Our discretionary market share gains were 3x what the market was on the discretionary side of the business. And with our 250,000 new sign-ups on our smart coupons, we are getting new customers engaged. So we like our comp sales growth. And all the things that our merchants and the Rick McNeely and the team are focused on are the right things. They're responding. And that focus to sharper price points, basic items and having what customers need when they're in our store, we think, is working. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. We believe we like the third quarter, and we think the third quarter is starting just like we ended the second quarter. We've got strong comp store sales. We like the mix on both sides of the business. And as Kevin said, early indicators on fall and Halloween are strong, and we think we're well positioned for that. We think, based on what we're seeing from the customer, since they're spending more time at home, they want to decorate their homes and invest in their homes more. So we're seeing those categories. So how -- we may be different, but with them spending more time at home, they're going to decorate that home since they're there. And we're seeing that in our sales. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. And I think we're well positioned on with our -- everybody is staying at home right now. Our Crafter's Square that are -- that we rolled out the first quarter, the 2,400 stores now and more than 3,000 stores. Our customers are responding very, very well. So our merchants are continuing to rebuy that and fulfill the drive and the demand in that category. And on the consumable side, we see -- every week and each period, we see the replenishment side getting better as vendors start to drive capacity. So we're -- we like the mix of sales going forward, and I think we're going to be in a good position in the back half of the year. And going into next year, especially when the customers are going to need us most, with the unemployment, the extra benefits going away and the unemployment rate where it is, we believe we're in a great position as we were in '08, '09, '10. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, that's a great question. As you've seen, our DC costs are outpacing where we want them to be. So part of that is we do have a longer-term strategy to leverage our network. Currently, we are -- we have 1 co-banner DC in our St. George, Utah. But keep in mind, in the last 2, 2.5 years, every DC that we've opened or opening it with systems and the capability of co-bannering just as we have these 2. So we are starting out these 2 because that's where the growth historically has been on the Dollar Tree side, so we've been feeding that growth. But down in the Ocala business and the Texas, they are going to be capable of co-bannering. And in that long-term plan, we will be moving to that. 
Michael Witynski: Yes, Scot, thanks. And I would say on both sides, it's -- on the consumables side, it's really anything to do with paper and cleaning. So specifically, paper towels as people continue to enhance their protocols at home or wherever they're at with cleaning, any chemical with a kill claim, any hand sanitizer, there is still a lot of pressure on meeting the needs of the customer. But we do see the bath tissue, for instance, that is starting to improve. And actually, we can have that tissue on the shelf for more than just a couple of days. So I would say, throughout the back half of the year, we will see improvement in our in-stocks and those highly consumable items. But we are -- we have been communicated from vendors that this is a longer term -- there will be pressure on the back half of the year from our manufacturers. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks for your question, Robby. So in Dollar Tree, we believe that the first half of the quarter in May, as we stated, was supported by the stimulus and the extra benefit dollars out there. But the great news is as those went away and as customers needed value and convenience and safety, they continue to shop at Dollar Tree and at Family Dollar. So we feel good about our comps towards the end of the quarter and going into the third quarter. And from the basket and transaction size, we are still seeing -- they are shopping with a purpose. When they come in, they are shopping and getting definitely driven a higher basket. So we think that will continue as we go into the fall as people continue to practice social distancing in the safety protocols as they should. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. We have not seen any noticeable difference. As I stated, at Family Dollar, our discretionary business, as customers came over other competitors opened up, we -- the market grew on the discretionary side but Family Dollar grew 3x back. So we're seeing that as competitors are opening up and more stores are opening, we did not see a noticeable difference in our traffic and/or basket. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Thanks, Chuck. I do not have that number for the first quarter. I think we can grab that, and Randy can get back to you. Regarding what we're doing to retain them is, a, provide a great shopping experience. Now more than ever, all the surveys and what we hear from our own customers is safety, cleanliness and convenience of getting in and out is very important to them, and then provide them what our strategy is on that.  On the consumables side, we want to have the products that are looking for on the shelf. And on the discretionary side, our teams are continuing to work on those sharper price points with great value on basic needs. And we think doing those things and providing that when they're in our store, we'll keep retaining them. And then along with -- we like the increase of 0.25 million people signing up for our smart coupons. We think that we're going to be able to enable us to speak to those customers and watch what they're buying and keep driving basket size with them. 
Michael Witynski: I think it's a new day at Family Dollar. And I think the direction that this team is focused on right now, under Rick McNeely and the merchants, they are bringing clarity, focus on the right things, getting the right products. And I think it's evident by retaining more customers and driving an 11.7% comp and a 28.9% comp in our discretionary business. So I think those are the right things.  And I think structurally, in our organization, we are all in one building now under one leader. And I think we've got the right leaders in place that can drive this strategy. So it's not only what is your focus on your strategy, but having the right people in place that can drive and execute that. And I'm more confident than ever that we've got the right team on the merchandising and the operations side to execute what we need.  And I also I think as we -- with the 2 companies coming together, the discipline that Dollar Tree has and buying that wow and driving that cost and bringing that value into products, so embedded in our culture, we've also moved some people. So as we look at our structure, we have cross-pollinated some leaders. So we've got a great leader driving our discretionary side of the business that had many, many years of experience in Dollar Tree. So it's a combination of all being in one building, having a great strategy that our customers are responding to and then getting the right people in the chairs to execute the work. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. Kelly, thanks. I'll throw it to Kevin for the margin. But from a perspective of accelerating, so we're trying to do as many as we can given the current environment of travel restrictions and COVID restrictions in the state. So we've -- we're going to do 750. But absolutely, as soon as the states open up in the locations, and it's safe and we can get our third parties and our teams in there to do the remodels, we will absolutely open that back up and accelerate that. 
Michael Witynski: Okay. From an overall standpoint, from a banner perspective, the Dollar Tree segment incurred $76.6 million in Q2 and Family Dollar incurred $57.1 million, and, again, the vast majority of that being payroll costs at the end. And between -- and mainly stores, but obviously, there's a component there of DCs, which we broke out within the detail we gave you earlier today. So you have that piece of it. As far as the $4.5 million of manager bonuses, that does not continue necessarily directly. Those were above and beyond. And as we go forward, that does -- will probably not take place. But again, it's a very fluid situation. And so it's always open for change. But at this point, we do not expect that to necessarily continue. 
Michael Witynski: Yes. I think that's reasonable because what you have to remember is we just -- we have an hour -- a larger hourly workforce population in the Dollar Tree banner than the Family Dollar banner. 
Michael Witynski: Well, I think, Karen, as you think about it. So I think within the prepared remarks, we spoke a little bit about the cadence of comps for Family Dollar and the fact that the lowest quarter -- or excuse me, the lowest month within the quarter was roughly 8.5%. And the easiest way to think about it is there's been little degradation from that trend coming out of July. 
Kevin Wampler: Thanks for the question, Matt. I think as we think about it, obviously, we saw things balance out in Q2 a little bit. And again, we saw some nice improvement in our overall margin. Again, discretionary mix grew in Q2 and balanced things back out from where we were in Q1. As we look to the back half of the year, I believe we're set up for a strong discretionary run. I think, as Mike mentioned early on, we're seeing good sales in Fall Harvest and Halloween, which bodes well, and we'll continue to build the categories back up on the food and essential side. But as I look at it in general, I think as we talked about, maybe our biggest headwind as we go to the back half is our distribution costs. We talked about it being up 70 basis points in Q2. And again, what we did have in there is start-up costs for 2 new buildings, which is the first time in a long, long time, many, many years, we've had 2 buildings opening up at the same time. So there are a lot of start-up costs that go into that and add to that.  But again, I think that's where the pressure is. Shrink is -- continue to be a little bit stubborn, but I do believe we can get our arms around that. And -- but -- so I think really, as I look at it, if we can drive some additional sales, create some more leverage, we feel pretty good about the natural product margin side. The commodity side of the business still feel like it's in a pretty good place. Our buyers completed their July trip in a sense from here in the states, but feel good about the way that trip went and how that will affect us as we continue to go forward. So I think that's kind of how I'm thinking about the second half in the Dollar Tree segment. 
Kevin Wampler: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Yes, I think, obviously, to your point, if you -- obviously, we have invested in our associates around safety and premium pay. And obviously, from the standpoint, we do believe it's made a difference between, as Mike mentioned in his comments, attendance, turnover, various things that we think help us run a better store and hopefully keep people coming back, even though traffic doesn't really show -- it was really pretty stubborn in that 15% negative on the Dollar Tree side. Sans the COVID costs, obviously, operating income would have been up, EBIT would have been up. As we go into Q3, we put an 8-K out a few weeks ago that premium pay would continue for the first 4 weeks of August at a cost of about $18 million. And basically, that's less than it was. So we have lowered what the premium amount is. In our 10-Q that was filed this morning, we noted that, that premium pay will continue additional 4 weeks. And I think realistically, for any modeling, you should assume that it will be in place for the 13 weeks of the quarter of Q3.  Again, we're going to also continue to obviously have expenses like anybody else for PPE and cleaning and sanitizing supplies. So that being said, it will be a headwind. It will be hard for -- I don't necessarily expect that Dollar Tree will show an improvement year-over-year in operating income or EBIT in Q3 because of that. So we've made that decision as a company that it makes all the sense in the world to reward these frontline workers and go through that. Now it will not last forever. And so these costs at some time -- at some point in time, will fall away. As we get into next year, you can expect these costs, I would think, to fall away to a certain degree, maybe not 100% because I'm sure we're going to still have cleaning protocols and various things. But because of that, that will be the headwind.  I think if you look at the other operating lines, I mean, I think SG&A has been well controlled, otherwise. I think we're on the right track with getting our gross profit back to levels that we believe are where we should be and driving that back to that 35% to 36% range. So I think long term, the prognosis is very, very good. But obviously, we have these one-time costs currently.  And realistically, what we don't know, another thing that's going to happen in Q3, I would expect there's going to be costs related to the hurricane at the end of the day that we can't put our arms around today. But obviously, we have many stores in the path of that storm, and I would expect that there'll be some damage and some dollars that will affect Q3 as well that we can't speak to beyond the fact that there'll be some when we report in November. 
Kevin Wampler: Yes. So obviously, to your point, we did preemptively draw on the revolver in Q1 with the uncertainty of the pandemic. We've paid back $250 million of that $750 million draw. So at some point in time, we'll pay that $500 million back as well. The other thing we have due February 1, 2021, the $300 million legacy Family Dollar notes come due. So the plan would be to extinguish those notes at that point in time. That being said, we'll still have a nice cash position even with that. Obviously, we always want to support growth, and we continue to grow through new stores, renovations, supply chain technologies I spoke to. So those things will continue. We do have a share repurchase plan authorization out there. We have $800 million authorized and outstanding as we sit here. Obviously, we kind of put the brakes on that with the pandemic, but as things settle. Again, there's obviously some uncertainty as we go to the back half. Will there be a rebound in  the pandemic as we get into the fall and the flu season that comes with winter? So we'll keep our eye on those type of things and make some decisions as we enter the new year. 
Kevin Wampler: Speaking to the margins, obviously, as you look at the H2 model, there's some various components, right? So you have additional freezers and coolers, which is lower margin goods. More impulse/media consumption, which is a little bit higher margin. And then, obviously, an emphasis on seasonal. One of the things Mike spoke to earlier was the fact Rick and team really looking and continuing to improve that overall model, looking at the space we dedicated to discretionary. And how do we provide a probably even better discretionary assortment and relevant assortment within that box? But we like overall -- obviously, we'll get a nice sales lift. We get a nice overall driving more profit dollars at the end of the day. And then, obviously, it is our intention to drive a higher overall rate of profitability out of those stores. And we obviously are seeing that, but we think there's even more we can do with it. 
Karen Short: Just a couple of questions on COVID cost. So you did call out that $18 million that will continue -- that we should assume continues for the whole quarter. Wondering if that also applies to the $4.5 million in manager bonuses. Should we assume that that's in place for the quarter? And then wondering if you could give the split between the Dollar Tree and the Family Dollar banner on those 2 components. And then I had one other follow-up. 
Karen Short: But take the $18 million and allocate it the same way between the $76 million and the $57.1 million that we saw throughout the quarter. 
Karen Short: Great. Okay. And then, I guess, I'm still not totally clear what the message would be on the takeaway on Family Dollar comps in the current quarter. I know you said it's still solid. So should we assume that they are continuing at the level that we saw for the entire quarter in 2Q or too soon to tell? Or -- I mean, just curious if you can be a little more clear on that. 
