Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Once again, I'm very pleased with our company's performance in first quarter and we're solidly on track to accomplish our goals for 2013. Total sales grew 8.3% to $1.87 billion, a first quarter record. Operating margin increased by 70 basis points, also, the very best first quarter in our history. And earnings per share increased by 18% to $0.59 per share, another first quarter record. We continue to grow, opening 94 new stores. We expanded and relocated 16 stores and increased our selling square footage by 7%. And our new store productivity continues to increase. We expanded frozen and refrigerated product to 229 stores, more than any previous quarter in our history. To support our growth, we completed the construction of a new 1 million square foot DC in Windsor, Connecticut, increased our capacity in San Bernardino, California, and broke ground on the expansion of our Marietta, Oklahoma, DC. And we continue to manage our capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. Over the past 4 quarters, we've invested more than $400 million for share repurchases, including $68 million in the first quarter this year. As I look ahead, I believe that Dollar Tree values have never been better and our future has never been brighter. We have a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen. We're opening new Dollar Tree stores, and there's plenty of room to grow. We're increasing the productivity of our stores, in both new stores and comp stores. We're growing through new formats like Deal$ and Dollar Tree Direct, and we're expanding our geographic reach. Canada is a great opportunity for substantial growth. All of this provides a roadmap for sustained profitable growth ahead. We will now address your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Bob Sasser: Well, starting with the consumer, just anecdotally, I can tell you that we still think they're concerned and burdened, and I would add, just a bit weary from all that's going on. They're now facing higher taxes, meaning overall less money to spend. And add to that the job concerns that are still there and the uncertainty around the economy, and the gas prices are down a little bit, but they're still high. They're stubbornly high. So the consumer is under pressure. At Dollar Tree, again, we think of ourselves as a part of the solution and a destination for those customers. When you're cash-strapped, you can come to Dollar Tree to balance your budget. We got things you need, things you want, exciting place to shop, everything is still $1. So we think our stores and our merchandise assortment is more relevant than ever. The other part of your question spoke to what's driving our business. In my earlier remarks, we talked about stationery and party and HBC and all of those things. We had great seasonal. Valentine's Day was a terrific event for us, as it generally is. Easter was a big holiday, although early. We had a nice sell-through on our Easter business. The sales were driven by a balanced mix, basically, between comps and average ticket in the first quarter. So -- and we were comp positive all 3 periods of the first quarter, February, March and April, with April being the best comp of the first quarter.
Bob Sasser: Well, in first quarter, we had a terrific seasonal set. Again, Valentine's Day, a terrific comp on our Valentine's Day this year. Our balloon business, our party business, all of the seasonal needs that go with Valentine, our candy business, we did very well. Our customers, even with the early Easter and the really cold weather around Easter, they responded favorably to our Easter assortments, and we had a nice sell-through on that. And then we came in after Easter, like the day after, and our stores and our merchants and our distribution team did a terrific job of really falling in there the day after Easter on the first and setting up for Spring Fling, which is sort of a new promotion that we plugged in because Easter was so early. And it's -- by Easter being early, it makes you farther from Mother's Day. So we took that opportunity and they put in Spring Fling. And Spring Fling was all the things you needed for spring, and it was colorful and exciting and variety, a mix of variety of consumable products that our customers really responded well to. So that drove sales in April. That drove sales, drove margin in the quarter, and really got us off to a good start for second quarter.
Bob Sasser: Canada still was -- cost us probably $0.01 in the quarter. For the year, we think it could be breakeven this year. We're making great progress. We love our stores, our customers like what they're seeing. We're re-branding still. We're finishing up by the end of third quarter re-branding the West. Ontario is completely re-branded to Dollar Tree Canada and relayed with new layouts and new merchandise. The West is underway right now, but we do have the infrastructure in place. We've got the technology, the system, the processes. Our buyers are leveraging the power of the Dollar Tree pencil. We're adding in things from the Canadian market that are relevant to the Canadian market and the Canadian stores. And we're having great success in that product. So the customers are responding favorably. We're excited about our business in Canada.
Bob Sasser: Dan, they are and they have been. And again, the most recent trip in April -- April trip is not the largest buying trip, it that takes us through buying in first quarter or pretty much through first quarter. But the market in China for Dollar Tree and for someone with the reputation and the capital and the cash and open to buy is really good. We've got -- we have good relationships that we continue to leverage. Our values, seriously, have never been higher on our product, and our margins are better. So those are 2 milestone points to point to that say that the environment in China is positive for our kind of business. And it has been. I've been saying that for quite some time. But a lot of it has to do with our presence there, the fact that we put down orders and we pay our bills and we buy lots of product and we have a history of doing that. And some of it is the fact that business has slowed down a little in China and they're looking for more people like Dollar Tree out there in the market.
Bob Sasser: A couple of things I'll share with you, just a little color and anecdotal. First of all, I think the share of mix variety increased about 40 bps in the quarter, something like that. The -- just a little color on that, too. If you look back at first quarter last year, first of all, our consumable business grew much faster. I think it was the highest increase in penetration that we'd had last year. So our consumable business was up against a big bar last year. Now we did a great first quarter this year, too. So we grew it again, we grew our variety business faster. That's one thing. The second thing is, this wasn't an accident. We started last year talking about driving more variety business, talking about driving our stationery business, driving our party business, driving -- changing and remodeling and redoing and re-merchandising our front-ends with margin and with season and with color and excitement and new. And with our July buying trip last year, a lot of focus was put on that by our buyers. And I think what you see, and I know what you see in the first quarter, is the evidence of a better Valentine promotion, a better Easter promotion. We were sort of scared because of the early Easter, and we doubled down as we always do, and we had a better Easter assortment, alongside a better stationery assortment, expanded assortment in our variety category. So it wasn't an accident. We planned it and, by gosh if it didn't work. We had terrific response from the customers in a tough quarter, and I don't say this -- no weather reports here -- but in a tough quarter that we all knew was tough, the calendar was against us and then the weather was cold and rainy and ugly and snowstorms and all that. But in a tough quarter, we really drove terrific sales on our variety product, and it's because of the value of that product. And so there's the difference. We still are committed to our consumable business. We're going to give our customers what they want, more of what they want, we're going to drive that part of the business, too. Our freezer stores are still very important to us. And I would say that the freezer store increases have been much like the history of our freezer store increases. Not much has changed there. We're excited about it. We rolled out 229 new frozen and refrigerated stores in the first quarter. We've increased the number that we're going to roll out for the year. We are committed to that program, and we like the results. We like what it does in sales, we like what it does in traffic, and we like what it does in raising the sale of our variety merchandise also.
Bob Sasser: Paul, thank you for the question. The -- we have a very clear strategy. Dollar Tree is everything is $1. And in Deal$, we've lifted the restriction to price points to offer more variety, more value and serve more customers. And that is the direction that we're headed. We are, in Dollar Tree, very pure. We believe in that model, I mean, for gosh -- it's the best thing -- the best investment we have is to open a new Dollar Tree store. Customers love it. Everything is $1, that's what sets us apart from others in the market. And we've done a pretty good job of understanding how to run that and roll that out. A lot of room to grow on the Dollar Tree side. Deal$, lifting the restriction, we have a terrific opportunity here to grow that model. We have about 200 stores. If you want, I can give you some color on the Deal$ concept. It's more consumables, about 60-40 consumable to variety. It's a higher consumable business. We believe long haul, it's going to be a large -- a higher volume business. Maybe at a slightly lower margin rate, but we think we get to the finish line just as well with the new Deal$ model. We opened 8 new stores in the first quarter. To give you a little more color on the business, top categories at Deal$ were stationery, lawn and garden, home decor and electronics. I'm not sure this is a good thing, but the extended winter in the first quarter drove a lot of sales of hats and gloves and scarves and thermals and that type of apparel. Average ticket at Deal$ stores was $9.74 for the quarter, that's higher than our Dollar Tree stores as you know. Our average ticket when they bought something that was over $1 was $15.23, that's an increase from first quarter last year. And again, that's one of the things that we like about the Deal$ model, it gives us a chance to drive that average ticket. It's almost double what the Dollar Tree is. Transactions when we have higher than $1 price point item in the basket, total was 48.9% of the transactions this year. That's up from first quarter last year. Our average unit retail for the higher than $1 price is $3.15. That also is higher than first quarter last year. And sales of merchandise over $1 was 39% of our sales for all of our Deal$ stores in the first quarter, again, that was up also. So 60-40 consumable to variety. A little bit different way of getting to the model. We think especially in high, densely populated, high-cost markets, that this is a model that we can leverage fixed costs better, with the higher volumes. And that's why you see a lot of Deal$ stores opening up in the Northeast and in some of those type markets. It was a good quarter for Deal$. I appreciate your question, appreciate you giving me the chance to talk about that.
Bob Sasser: Well, we re-merchandised, right after Easter, we re-merchandised all of our checkout lanes. It's the most, biggest overhaul we've ever done upfront, almost all new merchandise. We lowered the profile upfront. You can walk up now, and you can see the cashier and the cashier can see you as a customer. We wanted to make the front-end, which is the last thing they see in our store, more inviting. We also wanted to make it a place where we could sell more impulse product. We wanted to give our cashiers a chance to engage the customer, better speak to them, talk to them, maybe even point out a new item that we had. So that was all done right after Easter this year, in April. And the new assortment is out there. Customer response has been terrific. It's doing all of those things that I just said, frankly. It's early in the year, but it is accomplishing all the things that we talked about. So I'm really pleased with that. Merchandise margin is good on the front-end, it's a better shopping experience, and helping us drive some of that variety sales.
Bob Sasser: We've done a lot of the changes, the major changes, for the year. We're always changing something, but the whole front end was changed right after Easter this year. That's going to be -- I expect good returns from that for the rest of the year. Our stationery business is one that we placed a high priority on and a lot of importance. We've expanded that, probably, I'm saying 75 SKUs right now. We think that -- you're always dropping and adding and you're moving things around, but we've expanded the space to our stationery department. We've expanded the SKUs to our stationery department. We really have gone after some of the things like writing instruments and binders in our office supplies, and that's going to be solid for the rest of the year, especially once we get into the back-to-school season. So we're going to see -- we're seeing good response to it, now. Our stationery business is growing faster than most of the rest of the company and the margins are terrific. Our party business is one that we've expanded. Right now, as we go into graduation, we are better positioned for graduation than we have ever been. We have taken a position in our party to offer more things for the graduate. We have the balloons and we have all the party supplies and all the things you need to celebrate that graduation. And the most exciting part of that is the solid color program. So no matter where you live, no matter what high school or what place you graduate from, we're going to have your school colors. And actually, you can go onto our website and you can look and you can see and you can look for your school colors, and then you can put in your zip code and it tells you exactly which store to go to. So all you got to do is grab the car keys and out the door and to the store to buy those solid school colors for your party for that graduate. So a lot of emphasis on our party. Upcoming, you haven't seen a whole lot of it yet because the weather has been kind of not summer, but our toy department has been redesigned, reflagged, and I'm looking for that to just gain traction throughout the year. We do need a little warm weather to go to the beach. Hoping that this weekend with Memorial Day, that all of that changes and people are out at the beach and having a good time around the pools and the barbecues and that. If so, they're going to find great product in our toy department, glow sticks and everything to celebrate Memorial Day. But as we go through the year and on into fourth quarter, I think our toy business, as part of our variety offering, I can tell you we haven't gotten to the selling season yet, but I've seen the merchandise, and it's new and it's fresh and basically didn't start over completely but almost completely re- -- overhauled the toy department. So I'm looking for big things, continuing opportunities out of that part of the business.
Bob Sasser: David, it's all driven by the consumer. You've heard me say this before, but we're here to sell them what they want. And when they want to buy more of the fast turning, lower margin consumer products, then we're there with them to offer that. And at the same time, we're always trying to make our stores more interesting and more fun, and that variety merchandise and seasonal product is how we do that. As far as -- Kevin got it exactly right, is we don't change the price, we change the product. And we offer more value over less value, but that gross profit, when prices are down, we're likely to invest back into the product to offer more value and drive the top line.
Bob Sasser: Well, I hope you're right, Joan. We're certainly doing everything we can, again, to drive the top line at the margins that deliver the most return for our shareholders. So we're going -- we're not holding back. We're going to keep pushing forward on that. And as I said earlier, we really believe in this consumer products business, and our customers have voted for more coolers in the market, so we're going to install more and we're going to drive more sales there. The -- what I'd like to see and what we have seen is that as we drive more traffic with that, more frequency of shoppers [indiscernible] our merchandise assortments and our variety assortments. And we've redone our front-end, we've redone our core, our middle of the store with stationery and toys and all that. So I hope that as we drive more consumer business, we'll also drive more variety business. That's how -- that's the magic.
Bob Sasser: Yes, we have. And your memory serves you well. 2012, at the end of 2012, we started installing new fixtures in our new stores and we started re-assorting the front ends, basically using product that we had in the stores. And from the existing mix, we were putting a peg hook of this and a peg hook of that, and we were sort of finding our way with what should be on those front ends, at the same time, beginning to buy for a new program. And that's what I was talking about, that we rolled out right after Easter. We started back in fourth quarter re-merchandising with existing product and buying, actually back in July of last year, new merchandise for the front ends. We added a trend fixture to the front. A trend fixture is ever-changing, it's new product, it's fun product, it's impulse product. Some of it's kiddie candy, some of it is stationery, some of it is from toys, some of it's from all over the store. But it's trending and it's new and it's fresh and it really engages the customer and invites them to buy one more item to put in their basket. Then the new checkout assortment that we have, everything has a home on the checkout. We've bought for it, it's all new merchandise, it's not the same SKUs, it's new product. Some of it is similar, but it's all new. And it's laid out in a fashion that's easier to shop and more engaging. We have made a spot on our checkouts now for our drive item, which is the item that our cashiers are selling to our customers or suggesting to our customers each week. And we've done drive item for a while, now we have a place for it, and we have a program. We have a flow of product for the drive items. And it's enabling us to better train and coach and counsel and really get that program up and running. So a lot of changes, a lot of new product. It was almost entirely new product that we put on these checkouts right after Easter this year.
Bob Sasser: It goes up each year a little bit. You're right, it's stubborn. It goes up -- a couple percent is a big idea.
Bob Sasser: Absolutely, the impulse initiative would drive the average ticket higher. All the things that we do at the front-end of our stores, all the things that we do with our end caps. When we build our end caps, it's basically suggestive selling. Customers know the price, everything is $1. So we always work on putting one more item in their basket on the end caps, last minute at the checkouts, drive item suggestion selling. So it's always a work in progress, Patrick. Our price point is always going to make it stubborn. It's always going to -- we always want to have a combination of increased traffic and increased average ticket to drive our business. And so if you look back at the history, you'll see it's gone up year-over-year. Back 10 years ago in the little mall stores, I think it was $5 in those stores. So we've come a long way from 10 years ago. I don't know that it will be $5 higher in the next 10 years, but -- or $3 higher, but certainly, it's an opportunity for us to continue to drive more sales, to drive more interest, more fun. People shop Dollar Tree because they like shopping Dollar Tree, and that's all part of it, is this idea of suggestive selling and impulse. And everywhere I look, there's another challenge to buy something.
Kevin S. Wampler: Well, Matt, I think, as we look at it, we've talked about higher IMU in many categories for a while now. So this is, in my opinion, is just the continuation of our merchants continuing to source just unbelievable values out there to help our consumer along. So I don't think that's anything necessarily different. I think what changed a little bit was, obviously, the mix changed a little bit from an overall consumable and discretionary. As Bob noted in his comments, discretionary grew faster than consumables, which is the first time we've seen that in a while. And we think that's a good thing. We are a general merchandise variety store. It's where our heritage is. It's where we kind of -- where our roots are. And at the end of the day, that's a good place to be. So we continue to focus there and believe that can be important for us. As we look to the year, we'll continue that way. We think that -- we think the trend, our guidance as we look to Q2 takes some of that trend into consideration in the sense that we think our discretionary business will continue to be -- do well. That doesn't mean we're trying to sell less consumables. So at the end of the day, we're still -- we have plenty of consumables and we'll continue to try to grow that business as well.
Kevin S. Wampler: Sure. I think we did have great performance here in Q1, a lot of people focused on expense control. And you guys have heard me speak to expenses before in the sense that we think about it at the line item detail. We get down pretty deep in the weeds in looking at them and, basically, thinking about how we can improve them either through process or through looking at different suppliers and bidding things out and things like that. I would tell you that on the SG&A side, I believe I said last year at one point that at a 2% comp, I thought we could get a little leverage on SG&A. And I think that's still probably true if we can control things the way we're going forward. Would I expect 50 basis points? Not necessarily. That's a little bit better performance than even I would expect. But we think we run our business pretty well. We're very focused on those types of things. When you sell things for $1, obviously, your expense structure is very important. We have a lot of people -- initiatives around that and people focused on it. So I think in general, that we think we can continue to leverage expenses but I don't know that it will always be to this extent at a 2% comp.
Kevin S. Wampler: So I would say from an expense perspective, we made those investments over the last couple years. There were systems that needed to be put into place. There was structure around the store teams, as well as training for the store teams. And then there was, basically, investment, to a small extent, around our third-party DCs. So that basically has been pretty much taken care of and is embedded in the P&L at the end of the day. Obviously, from a productivity story, we do need to become more productive up there, and it's something that they're very focused on. And as we've talked about, the assortment of goods continues to get better with each buying trip, being able to leverage what Dollar Tree brings from an import perspective, as well as making sure that we're addressing the Canadian needs at the end of the day. For the fact that it is, as we'd like to say, it's not a 51st state. It is it's own country and you need to respect that accordingly. So I think that's kind of where we sit at the moment.
Kevin S. Wampler: You've been following us for a long time, David, and as you said, we've got this consistency in gross margin but there's a reason for that. Obviously, during times of deflation, we don't -- we put that money back into the product. We think that's really important, the value to the consumer, the wow items that we're able to provide. And that's part of the story behind why that is so consistent. Obviously, within that 10-year period of time, we've obviously had the growth of consumables. But as we went through the years, we've actually gotten better with that as well, and the margins have come up in that business as well for us on an overall basis. So I don't expect it to go significantly higher, to break out of that range necessarily. I do think that we're always looking at it, and we believe we're in control of our margin and what we sell in our stores. And that's a part of the way we've always looked at it, that's the way we build out our guidance. But I would not expect it to break out substantially above that at this point.
Kevin S. Wampler: I think that would be a good thing. I don't know that we've necessarily modeled a lot of improvement in there at the end of the day. But I think, as I said, just because discretionary is a little better this quarter, it's not like we're not trying to sell a lot of consumables as well. So that could switch back, that could kind of flip back over the year, so we'll just have to see how it goes. Although we do have some great initiatives in the discretionary area.
Kevin S. Wampler: Yes, Joan, I would tell you that this is the first new DC we've brought out of the ground since, I believe, 2004, that wasn't a replacement for another existing facility. So we built out the network in the mid-2000s to be able to go across the country. And over the last few years, we have basically continued to grow and basically continued to get more efficient in those DCs. We are at the point now where, given the number of stores we're adding, we're pushing to get as much efficiency as we can out of these buildings, but we may need to start adding them a little more frequently. It's likely to not be another 8 years before we had another DC at the end of the day. So I think if we would look out 3 years, is there likely to be another DC at some point? Yes, I believe there will be. But we'll continue to look and see what we can do with our existing DCs. We'd like to expand them as well. The one in Marietta that we're expanding is going to 1 million square feet, and those big buildings are really efficient when you can run thousands and thousands of cartons through them at the end of the day. So we continue to make sure we basically take the network and make it as efficient as possible.
