Bob Sasser: Thanks, Kevin. Once again, I’m very pleased with our Company’s third quarter performance. It was a terrific quarter. In the face of tough comparisons, our traffic continues to grow and our average ticket is increasing. As a result of this, comp store sales increased 4.8% and total sales grew almost 12%. Despite high fuel prices which averaged $3.83 per gallon, operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 10.3%. That’s the highest third quarter operating margin since 1998 when diesel fuel was less than $1 a gallon; and our earnings per share increased by 19.2% on top of a 43% increase last year. In addition, during the third quarter the Company completed the expansion of our Savannah DC, a key element in supporting our continued growth in the southeast. U.S. teams installed and trained the major portion of our IT infrastructure in Canada, including POS systems in all stores. Dollar Tree Direct has launched significant enhancements to DollarTree.com, including break pack, Spanish language, and mobile capability.  The Company repurchased $246 million of stock and announced a renewed authorization from the Board for an additional $1.5 billion of share repurchase. We are singularly positioned to do even better in the future. The business model is powerful and flexible. Tested by time and validated by results, we have proven that Dollar Tree can adapt to a changing environment. Through good and bad economic times over the Company’s 25 year history, the Company’s record of superior sales and earnings continues, and we’ve never been bettered positioned for continued growth and improvement.  The balanced mix of high value consumer basics and unique assortment of fun, seasonally correct discretionary products positions Dollar Tree stores to be relevant to customers in all economic circumstances. In challenging times, customers can find the values they need on everyday basics because we have the things they need; and when times get better and consumers have a few extra dollars in their pocket, the Dollar Tree assortment of fun, compelling discretionary product can’t be beat. At Dollar Tree, yes, you can afford to splurge – those discretionary items are still just a dollar.  We continue working to keep our values high. The buyers have just concluded their fall buying trip. The trip was again very successful with higher initial markup, great values, and a terrific merchandise selection; and there’s more to come. Looking ahead, there are plenty of opportunities to grow our business. We have a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen while generating substantial free cash, and we will continue to use our capital for the benefit of our long-term shareholders. It’s an exciting time at Dollar Tree. We’re having a great year. We transitioned quickly from Halloween and our stores are now set with our best merchandise ever for Thanksgiving and the Christmas holiday season. We’re now ready for your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you limit your questions to two.
Bob Sasser: Scot, we don’t break it out but I’m very pleased with the comps in our DEAL$ stores, and the opportunity as we go forward is for higher volume stores in that DEAL$ format, and we’re seeing evidence that we can do that now.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Bob Sasser: The sales were pretty consistent across the quarter. The Halloween shift did effect—we lost that day of Halloween selling and that went into the fourth quarter, and that’s a big day, by the way, so there was an effect from that. But sales were pretty consistent across the quarter, and when you look at it by region, it was very consistent by region of the country. The southeast led but only slightly, followed by the Midwest. So sales were consistent. The Halloween shift impacted us somewhat, and the other thing was we did have some bad weather. We had a hurricane and the snowstorms in the northeast right there that final week of the quarter, so that was the other unusual thing, I guess, that happened in the quarter.
Bob Sasser: You know, I don’t believe we’ve actually quantified it. The impact of Halloween, of course we’ll get that in our fourth quarter numbers, but we’re—we didn’t lose it, it just moved over one day. The weather, I will tell you that snowstorm that last week impacted our stores probably more than the hurricane did. It was sort of a surprise to everyone, and we lost more stores and more stores with electricity in the northeast than we ever did with the hurricane that was early in the quarter. But I can’t quantify that for you. We still think it was a great quarter, 4.5 comps, it was very consistent; and it was up against a terrific quarter last year. You know, we went in thinking that it was going to be an opportunity to really show our stuff against a strong quarter, and I was real pleased with where we came out. The 25-year anniversary was very strong. I guess you’d remember we had our 25th year anniversary this year, and we celebrated with a lot of 25% more, same low price merchandise during the quarter. We drove a lot of sales with that, and it was right in turn with what the customers are looking for now in their search for value, and they’re looking for ways to balance their budgets. So again, very relevant to the times and drove some sales, drove some traffic in a quarter up against a really terrific quarter from a year ago.
Bob Sasser: Chuck, the buyers—as you know, they just returned from buying their fall, and again, the initial markup is higher than last year, higher than plan on that buying trip. They do that because our flexible model allows them to first of all change the product, not the price. You know, we change product from season to season for many reasons. One is to stay relevant; one is to continue to create more excitement, and the other is to manage our margins. So we’re always going to be able to manage our margins, especially on these import buying trips. Frankly though, with demand being down in China, business is not that good around the world and the Chinese makers that we’re working with are incented to do business. So while we are a big buyer in China and while we can change our product, we’re actually seeing the opportunity to create even more value as we go to market on these trips. So I think—I can’t quantify for you but I can tell you that our initial markup on that buying trip was higher, and I believe the values are better then ever.
Bob Sasser: Joe, I think that’s a good question, and we are always focused on the customer. I will tell you that from our standpoint, we’re excited about selling more of the consumables because we’re also selling more of the variety too. The customer is searching for value. They are trying to balance their budget. Unemployment is, as you know, at all-time highs and we have found new customers. They’re looking to us to help them as they search for the things they need every day – our HBC products, high value merchandise. They need that right now. Our household supplies, cleaning supplies, paper, chemicals – all of those things, all the things that you need in everyday living, our customers are looking for. We have that and as our customers more and more are coming to us for that, we’re giving them what they want. So in that regard, it is very much a reaction to what the demand is from the customers pulling more and more of that product. Now while they’re in there, they’re still buying our variety. We had a good Halloween. We had a terrific sell-through. We’re now set for Christmas. I expect Christmas to be the same results. They like our surprising value in our party supplies and all the things around the fall parties, the Christmas and holiday parties. They like our stationary, they like our party, they like all the toys and all the things for the kids, and those are all high margin things that we sell. So that’s increasing along with the consumable products. Also in the quarter, the third quarter, you have Halloween in there but basically it was an opportunity to highlight our 25th anniversary and give customers even more of what they wanted. We had some terrific values in cleaning supplies in HBC, and really across the store – 25% more, same low price, same price for 25 years. And the customers really liked that and they responded favorably to it, and you can see that in our traffic. So that’s a long answer to your question, but I believe if you think about what customers are looking for, that’s what we’re giving them; and they really are looking for value on basic consumable products.
Bob Sasser: We’re not counting on any better weather than we had last year, frankly, in our guidance. And if we get better weather, it will be just better.
Bob Sasser: You know, Peter, we bought the company for a couple of reasons – one, because the opportunity to expand growth, it’s a huge opportunity there; but also for the opportunity to improve the economics of that company. They were less profitable than Dollar Tree when we bought them. We bought them in fourth quarter last year, not in third quarter. When you’re looking at third quarter this year, you’re seeing the effect of Canada in this year’s third quarter against no Canada last year in third quarter, so that’s two things to consider. But look – we think we can improve it. That was the reason we bought it – opportunity for more growth, 1,000 stores in Canada. We think we can do that and we think we can bring more value and improve the operating economics of those Canadian stores.
Bob Sasser: Meredith, we’re not a grocery store and we’re not going to be a grocery store, and restrictions are something we’ve always had to deal with, whether it be grocery stores with freezers and coolers or party stores with our party, or with other stores with our picture frames. So it’s something that’s not new. The freezers and coolers are new for us, but dealing with restrictions is something we’ve always had to do.
Bob Sasser: It’s a little better, David. I think this whole year, our initial markup trip-to-trip has increased. Now, that’s always something that we balance—you know, there’s a balance between cost and value, and so as we get better cost we tend to sometimes invest that into more value for the item, and at the end of the day we’re not pushing really hard to increase the initial markup remarkably year-over-year, trip-over-trip, because we want to make sure that we maintain relevance to the customer, the highest value product that we can possibly deliver at the margins that we like for our P&L. So the buyers have just done a terrific job. I’ve got to tell you, the merchandise is better than ever, and I’ve been here a while now so this is going to be the best fall and Halloween season that you’ve seen at Dollar Tree. And in this tough world economy, we’re at Dollar Tree using the power of our buying. We’re open to buy. Our buyers are really good at putting together assortments for that dollar price point. That’s what their focus is. Nobody does a dollar price point like Dollar Tree does, and that’s what you’re seeing when you go into our stores. I think when you see our fourth quarter assortment, our holiday assortment that’s coming up here, you’re going to say, wow, it’s even better than last year. And I’m seeing that going into next year as well.
Bob Sasser: And Aram, it’s not so much that the consumables fall off and go negative; it’s that the other, the variety goods increase faster. So with Christmas, people are buying more of the party supplies and the trim-a-tree merchandise and the wrap and the bows and the toys and all those things, the variety things for stocking stuffers and all those things that you want for Christmas.
Bob Sasser: Well, there’s a lot more Christmas trim-a-tree and Christmas merchandise in fourth quarter, and if you go into our store in fourth quarter, we like clean and neat and orderly and aisles clear and all those things, but when you walk into a Dollar Tree in fourth quarter, we stack it higher and deeper because the demand from the customer is there. It makes it more exciting, it makes it more seasonal, there’s more color. We do end caps, the front wall, the front windows, the side stacks – you know, all the things, they turn into red and gold and silver and all the things for the holiday season. So the throughput, I’ve got to tell you, I was just talking to our head of stores for the west coast last night, and he says the back rooms in the stores—right now, we’re going into the peak inventory time at Dollar Tree historically, going towards the Thanksgiving week, and he says the back rooms are in terrific shape. The stores, the sales floors are in great shape, so we’re getting it into the store and through and onto the shelf and into the selling area a lot cleaner, quicker and more efficiently now, which speaks to a high degree of the more efficient smoothing of the inventory flow into our stores, some of the things Kevin was talking about earlier – knowing what we own and what stores sell what, and giving it to them closer to the need.  So I’m not sure—if the question was can we do even more in the fourth quarter, the answer is yes. Our sales per square foot, although I’m happy with the productivity increases that we’re having, we can do more. There’s a whole lot of opportunity at increasing our sales per square foot. The reason for going from—going way back in history from the small, 4, 5, 6,000 square foot stores into the 10 to 12,000 square foot stores, initially it lowered our sales per square foot but it gave us open to sell, basically. So since that time, the mid-2000s, we’ve been rebounding and our sales per square foot do continue to improve year-over-year.
Bob Sasser: Well, thank you for the question. Look, they’re terrific stores, terrific competitors. I admire both of those folks very much and I think they do a nice job. California is not new for us. We’ve been there since 1998. We currently have over 350 stores right now in California, and if you counted the west coast including Oregon and Washington, it goes up over 500 stores. We’ve been there for a long time. We’ve got two DCs in California alone. We have three distribution centers on the west coast. We have management oversight, we’ve got store teams, we’ve got real estate relationships, property management skills, and we love California and we’re going to continue to grow in California. We’ve expanded our logistics capacity out there over the last couple of years and we intend to continue growing in the state of California, as well as the whole west coast.  So look, there’s a lot of business to be done, I guess enough for everyone. But we’re going to stay focused on what we do, and we certainly have made a commitment to California and the west coast.Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group: Got it, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then if I could follow up with another sort of separate question – I was just thinking, if you look at the trends within your debit and credit card usage, the penetration keeps going up, which makes sense. I mean, that’s obviously how people tend to shop these days, or increasingly so. Curious if you’re seeing any difference in the mix of what you’re selling as a result of that, or if it’s actually helping to drive the average ticket because people feel like, well, I’m just swiping a card instead of handing over $7 or something.
Bob Sasser: Well, I guess you could do that. We feel that we’re different than the other guys. You know, we sell everything for a dollar. We’re extreme value. Our customers like to shop with us because they can find the things they need, the things they want, and a little bit of a shopping experience so that’s really how we’re focused. We look at where our opportunity is to grow our stores, which corners and which markets, and we’re trying to maximize our real estate in that way.  As far as over-building, we’ve got a long way to go. We think we can operate up to 7,000 stores in the U.S. and then the DEAL$ model adds to that, so we’re excited about continuing our growth. I don’t see any over-building from us in the near future.
Bob Sasser: Yeah, pretty much. They have pretty much the same seasons and the same type of seasonal characteristics, and profitability going forward, there’s huge opportunity from where they were when we bought them to what we can bring with the power of our buying and with the infrastructure that we know how to do that we’re currently installing. We’re going through a period of investment in Canada, and I’ll say again – if you look at third quarter, we have the Canadian numbers in our third quarters numbers this year. They weren’t in there last year. We didn’t buy them until fourth quarter of last year, so you’re looking at sort of a comparison that is not apples-to-apples. But the opportunity is high there. We think the customers will respond positively to all the great things that we sell at Dollar Tree – our imports, our seasonal imports are very desirable for the Canadian customers, and we’re beginning to see some of the new product showing up in those Canadian stores now.
Kevin Wampler: Well you know, we don’t necessarily break those things out specifically, Scot, but I would love to give you a little direction overall as it relates to gross margin. So obviously we’re down a little less than 40 basis points for the quarter, but again, IMU again was higher. The values that the team has put together continue to be extremely good. In this quarter, our consumables did shift by about 170 basis points – that’s the largest shift we’ve had this year. I believe the first half of the year was closer to maybe 120 points of shift, so that is the biggest shift. And for the most part, it did offset the IMU gains that we saw. The other things that went into this is the fact that Canadian effect, in a sense. We’ve talked a little bit about the idea that the occupancy costs in Canada are higher. The other thing you need to remember is where really we have Canada costs included in the current year, there were no costs for Canada in the prior year. So from a comparison standpoint, that has an effect as well. But again, it’s a big investment in Canada and we believe it’s the right thing, and there is a payday somewhere down the road; but this is what we really need to do at this point in time. A significant change really in logistics as well when you think about the fact that historically the model for them had been a direct store delivery model, where now we’re going to third party distribution centers, one of each side of—one in Toronto and one in Vancouver.  Lastly from the standpoint of fuel, diesel fuel up $0.84 as we’ve spoken before. The increase of $1 for diesel fuel for a year is probably $0.07 to $0.08 of hit for us, and we’re able to offset that a little bit by ocean freight, but again, it was a headwind for the quarter. And then just a tiny bit of shrink and markdown effect for the quarter. One thing I would mention as it relates to the fourth quarter guidance is the fact that it basically assumes that gross profit will be flattish to slightly up, and we feel pretty good about that. Obviously within that, you assume the IMUs to be up, fuel will still be a little bit of a headwind, Canada will be fully comparable in the sense that—I think it was this day a year ago we announced the closing of the Canadian acquisition. So I think that’s—I don’t want people to think that the 40 BPs is ongoing. We feel pretty good about where we’re headed from a gross profit standpoint.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: That’s very helpful. And then can you just give us a feel for the relative growth rates at Dollar Tree versus DEAL$? I know you don’t break out DEAL$ specifically, but is it comping at about the same rate as the Dollar Tree chain, a little bit better, a little bit worse? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin Wampler: Well, as we look at that, Joe, we basically—you know, every year you could have weather, you might not. You don’t really know. You can plan your sales and your merchandise assortments, and you build that out, and weather is either going to happen or not. Now, we’re in all 48 lower states, so there’s likely to be weather somewhere. That’s just a fact of nature and just part of doing business. So I don’t think we look at it any differently. Can it potentially—if the weather is really great from a shopping perspective, could it be a benefit? It could be, but that’s not a given in any way.
Kevin Wampler: I mean obviously, really the—we’ve had a lot of infrastructure and investment up there and there’s a cost to do that, and it’s a change in model and it takes a little while to get everything as efficient as you’d like it to be; and that will continue to get more efficient as we open more stores as we go down the road. So as I’ve said, we don’t really break these parts down individually, just trying to give you some color on them. Because of their size, their cost structure is not going to be as efficient as Dollar Tree’s at the end of the day, so that’s really the way we look at it. It will not be that efficient, so on an overall basis it might pull it down a little bit, but now it’s comparable and I think that will kind of take care of itself.
Kevin Wampler: Sure, Meredith. Yeah, obviously I think from an availability standpoint, if you look over the last three years in a tough economic environment, we have been one of the companies out there that has consistently been opening a significant number of stores, and that does create some opportunity in the sense that developers know, one, that we have a great balance sheet, we’re going to be there for the 10, 15, 20 years, whatever our lease and option terms are to be able to make those payments. And so there are centers that we might not have gotten called on before or we might not have been the first people that they would have called, but we get those calls earlier now. And so we potentially get to see some centers that are maybe a little better than we might have saw in the past, and so I think there is from an availability standpoint some opportunities that we’ve been able to take advantage of. At the end of the day, it’s still about profitable growth for us. It’s really making sure we’re selecting the right stores, the right places where we’re ready to grow so that we can make sure and continue to return the kind of financial returns we’ve been able to over the last several years. So could we grow faster? Well, we’ve grown a little faster this year and maybe we’ll look to grow a little faster next year as well, but we have these opportunities but it’s really important for us to really look at each site and go through that process.
Kevin Wampler: Well, I think it’s always something you have to look at at the center. It’s dependent center-by-center as to whether there is a lease restriction related to freezers and coolers, or in some points just food in general. So those don’t necessarily directly effect our decisions; it’s really just dependent on the center. We like to go, obviously, where we have the opportunity to put in our full mix of freezers and coolers. We think it’s a great shopping experience for our customers when we’re able to do that, and we do look to do that wherever we can. But we’re in plenty of centers where maybe we can have some freezers, but it all works out at the end.
Kevin Wampler: Well as far as incentive comp piece, I’ll address that one first. Obviously, we have—if we look compared against a year ago, a year ago we had a knock-out year as well and basically 100% of the targets were met, and we knew that fairly early on. And so this year we’re not at 100% of the targets. We’re building upon good years upon good years, so the targets go higher and we’re not achieving at quite the same level this year, so that’s really the reason for that change in incentive comp. As far as inventory, we feel really good about our inventory position. Obviously, we continue to work with our planning and allocation team, continue to work with looking at stores. You know, we have more stores and more items on replenishment now than we ever have. We’ve gotten more efficient in those regards. We’ve gotten better with looking at stores as far as clustering them and determining how to open them up, what inventory categories are going to be important store-by-store. So a lot of it is technology that we’ve been able to implement and continue to gain efficiencies with that have continued to help us, and it’s obviously been a big point that we’ve tried to work on because we think it’s a very important thing. And honestly, the thing is we’ve had less inventory for the past two or three years now, and really it has not hurt our sales at all. So it really does show that you can gain these efficiencies and not hurt your sales.
Kevin Wampler: Yeah, there would have been some but they were fairly small, and they would not have materially moved the needle, is the way I would look at that, I guess. From an overall—you know, as we look at our SG&A and we saw great leverage in our payroll expenses this past quarter, and really give a lot of credit to the store teams. They did a real nice job with increasing their productivity, and as I’ve said before, it’s our largest SG&A line that we have, so when we can do that, that’s really important. And it really kind of ties back to a great extent to some of the things we’ve talked about in the past, which was flow of product across the chain, making sure we’re being efficient in how we move that product into the stores, which helps them on their end run better stores, move product from the back room onto the sales floor and then drive sales. So we look at that as very positive and we hope we can continue to see some benefits there. On an overall basis, obviously we think depreciation we’ll continue to leverage. I think our payroll we can continue to leverage, but we’ve still got to execute to it at the end of the day and driving sales always helps that in any given quarter.
Kevin Wampler: Sorry for the silence – I was actually looking it up here for a second. But it is fairly significant in the sense of the overall mix. You would basically see consumables that have been running above 50%, it’s all down closer to the mid-40s, basically, in the fourth quarter. So it is a fairly significant shift in our mix in the fourth quarter comparably.
Kevin Wampler: Yeah. Well you know, we’ve had debit and credit in almost three years now, I think, completely, and it continues to grow. And I think you’re right – it is just the way people shop today. I mean, even younger people that would have been a cash consumer now carry debit and credit cards pretty regularly. As we look at it, it is obviously a higher ticket item for us at the end of the day, so our average ticket run $7.80, but if you basically take a credit or debit transaction, it’s almost double that. So people buy a larger basket when they use that method of payment, and that’s why it was an important part of our business when were able to roll that out across the chain. So I think it’s something that we’ll continue to operate in that manner that we’ll continue to see it grow as an overall part of our business.
