Judith Marks: Sure, Jeff. It's Judy. Listen, we are taking our market growth estimates down really due to the lockdown impact that we felt in April and May, and we just don't expect that the market will recover fully in 2022. So we've taken the market for 2022 to decline at about 10%, which is the low end of our previous range and I will be sure to disclose that, that do not assume or factor in any return to growth or any stimulus. Listen, I'm feeling good about the health of our business in China. Our strategy and our initiatives are on track. It's helping us gain share, as you've seen. And we grew faster than the market, not just in Q1, but also in this most recent quarter. Our new equipment orders were down low teens, but the market was down 20% in the second quarter. So we're outperforming the market, and that's really what gives me the confidence that our strategy is working. Residential, infrastructure and industrial were what were strong in the second quarter in China. And the higher tier cities, Tiers 1 through 4, but especially 1 and 2 have really continued to perform for us and the market in general. And that's really where we focused our strategy. We've doubled our agents and distributors, and that is continuing to yield. We're now at about 2,250 agents and distributors who are representing both our product and services -- so net share is up in a donation market. And we have really also focused on our service strategy. As Rahul said, we had our fourth consecutive quarter of high teens portfolio growth -- and that's where it is going to continue in China. So we're trying to find balance in China, and then we have balance in geography and our mix. China is about 20% of our global revenue and really, as you've seen in the second quarter, the balance of our business, Asia Pacific, Europe and Americas just really picked up the pace. And we're feeling good the backlogs there across the globe, and we've got the new equipment orders that are going to continue to drive our future well into '23. So we're watching China like everyone else, but a really strong Q2 by Perry and the team post the COVID lockdowns. Our factories are manufacturing at peak rates. We've got capacity if there is a stimulus. And all of our service indicators are really strong. When we can tell you across the globe, including China, that our recaptures for the first quarter have exceeded cancellation rates, second quarter having exceeded cancellation rates, we are managing every KPI and every metric and the team's delivering.
Judith Marks: Yes. Well, kudos to Jim and the Americas team, orders are always lumpy, Jeff. You know that in all industrials, but especially in our business, which is longer cycle. But this was a volume-driven quarter for our Americas team. I can't peg it to significant major projects or huge major orders. So it was just strength. And the biggest strength we saw in the Americas was actually in residential, and it reflects what we think is this population migration growth because we saw residential uptick in the South and the Western U.S. and in the Tier 2 cities. So it's fitting the thesis that you're hearing from others, but we're seeing it come through in the orders book. So just really strong performance across the board, across all of our branches and everybody just delivering and converting those awards, which is what we measure as well into orders. In terms of the '22, some of that moving into '23, we told you last quarter that we have some large projects that we didn't expect a lot of the revenue to happen until '23. What we're seeing more is not a shift beyond really labor and job sites. And it's not our labor. We're fully staffed, but it's general construction labor from the general contractors and just a slowness because of the demand in the right places, in the right cities, especially in the South and the West. So it's a little bit of delay just our normal cycle time on some of this and seeing the revenue come through, but it's certainly -- it's going to happen and should bode well for '23.
Judith Marks: Yes. So Nigel, great to talk to you. And June was a tremendous month for our team. They just -- the response was phenomenal. And actually, our shipments, we hit a record level of shipments out of our factories in China in June. So we were prepared. We -- our factories never shut down just based on geo location of them in China. So I think we had some readiness, both our elevator and our escalator factories ready to go. And then we just needed to produce and we need to be able to ship and cross boundaries in China in certain regions. So the team had gotten prepared for that. So June was a strong over July, and July performance continues. We don't guide to the quarter. But obviously, April and May gave us pause, but our team was prepared for it. And now we're going to match our cost structure to what we're seeing happening in terms of the market itself. We've done that before. But we are not expecting the precipitous drop we saw in 2015. We don't believe there's a an instantaneous type of drop there. And we're going to -- again, we'll match our cost to what we're seeing happen in the market.
Judith Marks: Yes. Nick, it's Judy. We just also very pleased with the progress. We've been telling you for a while was delayed, but there -- this is -- some of mode is discretionary, but every elevator is now about 3 years older than when we -- just before we spun -- so the market is growing in mod and it's got all the attractiveness of that stickiness we want for the follow-on service business, as Rahul said.
Judith Marks: Yes. So service pricing was up 3%. New equipment was actually up low single digits in terms of pricing. So we got price in both segments, Steve.
Judith Marks: Yes, Julian, we're really pleased with the service pricing that we've been seeing now quarter after quarter in Europe itself. The majority of our service portfolio is Western and Southern Europe, as you know, some in the Middle East, some in Africa. But by far, more far more heavily skewed towards developed Europe, more than half of our service portfolio is there, which why the pricing is so important. And the team has done a great job, again, in Service, pricing there. So -- and they had growth in the portfolio for 2 quarters in a row there in the EMEA. So all showing the right trajectory by Bernardo and team.  In terms of the market that itself, on the New Equipment side, the core European markets are really strong. And we had orders this quarter of 29.3% for New Equipment, a 12-month roll of 5.5%. So all the indicators are there. We're seeing a lot of those volume business and some nice major objects, whether it be around the Olympics coming to Paris or other places. We're seeing some nice major projects as well.  And so right now, the only headwinds we're seeing are in Eastern Europe, not surprising based on the conflict there. So construction is fine. I think Rahul mentioned in one of his responses, that labor is always a challenge in terms of unemployment in Europe and with some of our installation subcontractors. So we're managing that very tightly and very closely. And we're moving our own labor around region-to-region, country-to-country, intra-Europe to be able to handle some of these larger projects.
Judith Marks: John, it's -- our strategy is on track in China, and our team is executing it operationally. And I would tell you with excellence. We have figured out and invested in sales coverage. We've invested in product innovation with our Gen3 offering. We have our factories. Some of them are already at industry 4.0. And all of these investments and strategies are paying off. We've had share gain now in China for multiple quarters. And we believe it's absolutely sustainable. We think we're at the right price point with the most innovative products with the right customer relationships through our agents and distributors, and it's all coming together and working. So even if the segment declines, we should still be able to gain share.
Judith Marks: Our capital allocation strategy allocates about $50 million to $70 million a year for bolt-on M&A. Obviously, the Zardoya transaction was a great opportunity for us at the right time, at the appropriate and fair price. And we not only executed it well. But with the squeeze out, we're able to execute it as quickly as possible. And we're seeing the benefit of that with the $0.12 EPS gain this year and there'll be a little more next year. But really, our M&A strategy revolves around adding to our bolt-on Service business. And we've been doing this for years, it gives us in places where we have density and opportunity, we make it accretive no later than year 2. And we have a playbook for doing it. We've got a really good deal book across the globe to continue doing it, and that's what you're going to see from us.
Judith Marks: Yes. And I think what you're seeing, Miguel is the entire team is absolutely focused on cost reduction. SG&A is down 90 basis points as a percent of sales this quarter, and it just reinforces everything we can control, we will. And we've said this since we've spun, we're going to continue to drive SG&A as a percent of sales to be as low as absolutely possible while still investing in our business on the other side.
Judith Marks: So we have many agreements for labor negotiations. Obviously, works cancels in Europe. They come up at all different times. Our U.S. labor negotiation has been concluded. It's a multi-employer agreement, and those rates will be effective on 1 January. So we have the -- and it's a 5-year agreement. So we have the ability, and the knowledge most importantly, to offset that with productivity. So we obviously pass through and raised prices, but that has to cover on the Service side, wage inflation to the best of our ability as well as on the installation side for New Equipment, but we offset that with productivity and then volume and price increases should drop through.
Judith Marks: Yes. So listen, I do believe there are structural changes eventually that will impact the China property market. But we don't believe, Joel, that it will be as precipitous as it was then. -- there was -- in our industry, certainly, there was tremendous supply overcapacity, which then drove significant pricing actions that made the entire industry far less profitable, and that we're not seeing.  I think we had 90% of the new equipment fulfillment today is by the top 10 providers. Almost all of those providers are public companies. They're all from the best we can see pricing rationally. And we're -- and I will tell you, Otis is in a far more competitive position. We have less factories than we did. We have a better offering than we did in terms of innovation. We have a far better sales network -- so we are better aligned with this potential gradual slowing and we have the ability to control that, far better than that [indiscernible] is drop where there was just a buildup from 2000 until 2015 and then a sharp drop off.  So do I believe there's structural changes coming over time? Absolutely. But we're far better prepared for that, and I expect our team will perform just like we have for the past multiple quarters and actually performed better than our peers.
Judith Marks: And the last differentiator I'll give you, Joel, is that we're seeing the state-owned enterprises have a far larger impact. And that bodes well for our relationships as well as our performance and our installed base and our customers. So again, we've been watching -- not just watching the trends, but our strategy has been to prepare for this, and we're ready.
Judith Marks: That's correct. It's labor availability in the right market on the job site from all the trades from the people pouring the hoistway with the cement to the general contractors.
Judith Marks: Thank you, Michelle. This solid first half demonstrates the strength of our strategy and our ability to execute and adapt to mitigate the significant macroeconomic challenges. We will continue to focus on strong execution to deliver high single-digit adjusted EPS growth in 2022 with continued growth in '23 and beyond. Thank you for joining us today. Everyone, stay safe and well.
Rahul Ghai: And just to add to that so just to add to that, I said in my prepared remarks, anything that's important for everyone to recognize that our backlog in China getting to second half is flattish year-over-year. So the orders were down kind of low teens, sales were down. So we enter into the second half of the year with flattish backlog. So as we take -- as we're revising our guide for the year, we are projecting a sequential improvement in year-over-year growth.  So we're down about between first quarter and second quarter, we're down about 9% and the full year is down kind of mid-single digits. So that does -- second half fiscal is down but not down to the same extent as the first half. So that's clearly the case and revenue is going to be up sequentially between first half and second half.  The conversion to your question is a little bit slower. Given the lock downs, not all the projects that we have projected will be completed in 2022. So that pushes some demand into 2023. So overall, we think our conversions are going to be down kind of high single digits for the year relative to a very, very strong 2021, but they're still kind of in line with where they were pre-COVID. So conversions are slower than last year, but in line with pre-COVID levels. So that's where we are.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Nigel, what we are seeing right now, yes, there are some projects that cancel, but it's always the case. But as you know, we get an advance we book an order. So it's not that we're booking an order or the like some other industrial companies, there has been some concern about our -- given the overall supply chain challenges, our people placing multiple orders. That doesn't happen in our industry. I mean you're creating an elevated or an escalator for a certain building and you're not going to switch designs midway through the project. So -- and we get in advance. So the cancellation do happen. Projects do get canceled, but we are not seeing any change in the year-over-year trends. And those are typically like small. I mean it's not a big thing in our business, that we have to deal with massive cancellation that we are not seeing any of that happen in any material way in terms of changes year-over-year. So the trends are kind of similar. Projects do move, and I think Judy alluded to that in both. I think we've seen that in China in terms of conversion, which to Jeff's question and then into Americas as well as projects are moving out. And I think it's the construction label shortage in EMEA and in the U.S. that is creating some challenges. Our factories are more or less -- we are having supply chain issues. It's not that we are not having supply chain issues, but as best as we can trying to track it very, very rigorously. We are not holding our projects. The challenges we are facing is that customers are behind in terms of their building construction. So we are seeing that slow down, and that is flowing through our revenue. And -- but you saw our backlog. I mean it's up 10% at constant currency. China is flattish and the other regions are combined up approximately 15%. So that bodes really, really well for 2023.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, Nick. So great progress on reducing our tax rate. I mean, we lowered our full year tax rate guide to about 26.5%, 26.6% at the midpoint. So that's about a point reduction from the prior guide and about 2 points down where we ended in 2021. So that's obviously a really good progress. And in terms of the tax rate within the quarter, there always timing impact on things that we are working on and when they get booked, and the tax rate does fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter but the actions that the team is taking is definitely reducing our structural tax rate, and that is where we reduced our full year guide by about 1 point. And now we are well -- we are within our medium-term guide that we have provided of 25% to 27% on Investor Day.  So we are kind of now in that range, which is really good progress. And the progress has been a little bit more front-end loaded. We've made more progress this year than we were anticipating at the beginning of the year, but we are absolutely confident that we will continue to work our way through to the lower end of the guidance. And -- but given the progress that we have made, the rate of pace will not be the same. Obviously, we're not going to get 2 points of reduction every year. So now we are within the range. And I think you're going to see some improvement next year, but it's not going to be the same rate that we achieved this year.
Rahul Ghai: It's slightly lower than new equipment in our business. And we typically are working on modernization. When you do modernization, the attractiveness of that project is typically that you get to renew your service contract for multiple years going forward, right? So that's the attractiveness. So it's highly completed, and you end up taking a modernization job at lower margins on new equipment, but it's still a profitable line of business. So it's not that we are losing money on modernization jobs as a whole. We make money, we make decent margins on it. Our contribution margins are fairly healthy, but they are lower. And the other part that -- the other thing that modernization does help is it does help with that absorption of labor. So modernization growth, while the absolute margins that we attribute to that one line of business may be lower than others, but it definitely helps us with absorption overall. So it's good to see the growth. It's good to see the fact that we are raising our guide for the year. Keep in mind that we were challenged all last year on modernization. We had supply chain issues, we couldn't get -- we were not able to get a supply chain ramped up, but we have kind of worked our way through that. And it's our third consecutive quarter of growth and modernization. And now we are raising our guide from 6% to 8% for the year, which is absolutely fantastic given the issues we had last year.
Rahul Ghai: The $35 million for the quarter, Steve, $70 million for the year. So $70 million for the first half. So you can see -- kind of [indiscernible] first half and about 40 in the second half on a year-over-year basis.
Rahul Ghai: Julian, just to add to that, just a couple of things to add. I mean on -- first, on the construction outlook, and then I'll come back to pricing maybe in a second. But on construction outlook, what is good to see is that the construction outlook -- the confidence level is a couple of points, but still up. And -- but more importantly, what we see in the building permits index it is probably at the highest level over the last 12 months or so. So that is good that the permit is still kind of hanging in there and in fact, sequentially up from the latest output versus the prior report. So that is good. Our proposals are up high single digits in EMEA. So our baseline activity is fairly strong. So it's just not that we got the orders, but the underlying trends from both an industry and our own activity are strong as well. And then on New Equipment, we also got pricing in EMEA, our second consecutive quarter now of price improvement in kind of up mid-single digits in the quarter. So sequentially, better year-over-year than we were in the first quarter. So that is good that we're getting pricing as well on new equipment orders.  And on Service, I think Judy said it, our pricing was up kind of in that low single-digit level on EMEA, but it's good that it's the game. It's the same thing that we saw in the first quarter as well. So service pricing is good, and that's where you're seeing the margin expansion come through on service because we won't be able to grow our margins 50 basis points on service if we were not seeing pricing in Europe, right? That would not have happened. So that's an important component of our margin expansion.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, great question, Julian. So we use several strategies to lock in our prices. We're locking with our suppliers, either at spot or locking at the futures, which is our preferred option, we don't always get there, but we definitely lock in rates with our suppliers. And we also hedge -- I think we've discussed it before, our hedging is a little bit challenging, just given that the grades of steel that we buy, we don't always have a corresponding index. So we sometimes run the risk of mark-to-market accounting on our hedges. So we do use hedges. We just can't use it as widely as we would like, just given the nature of what we buy. But overall, we are about 80% locked for the year, almost 100% locked for Q3. Our Q4 spend is still slightly open. So we could -- in our -- and the prices have been coming down. I mean you're clearly seeing, like if you go to China, prices were down 15% in second quarter, they're down about 30% year-over-year in Q3. So we're definitely seeing the prices come down. So we have a small single-digit million tailwind for Q4. We could, but the market has been so fluid that we definitely don't want to bake that in. Now on a year-over-year basis, you're definitely seeing the benefit come through. I mean the prices have come down substantially from where they were. So if you look at Q3, Q4 right now, steel in the U.S. is down 50% year-over-year. So yes, we should definitely get some favorability to 2023. And that will definitely come through as we buy as we buy in Q2, we will definitely see the favorable impact.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, it's about 12 months, Miguel. So that's Judy saying it's like we typically see 12 months and I think these new orders are going to be in the same range as well. So we should see the orders that we are getting now is probably translating into revenue in the second half of next year.  And overall, I think in Americas, we've got some really good pricing. In fact, pricing was good. New Equipment pricing was up. I think it said in my prepared remarks, up kind of low single digits. So if you -- and we said China was down a couple of points, but that basically implies that all other regions, Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pac outside of China was up mid-single digits. So we're getting good pricing and we implemented these pricing actions in Q3 of last year, and we have seen the turnaround in Asia Pac and EMEA. So it was really good to see the turnaround in Americas. It's coming just as we would have expected. But the pricing overall is slightly better, I would say, in the grand scheme of things. So the pricing is good. In China, while I just want to comment on China pricing, while the pricing is down, keep in mind that the commodity prices to respond to Julian's question, there we are seeing commodity prices down 15% in the second quarter, 30% in the third quarter. So even New Equipment pricing in China is down, we are seeing VR price cost prelim second quarter in China. So overall pricing on New Equipment is good and Americas kind of led the way for us on New Equipment pricing.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, Miguel, what I would say is quantification you can debate it, right? I mean overall, the sales are down about 12% in the quarter -- slight -- Q1 was down slightly. So you can average maybe 6, 7 points, I would say, is the stuff that's moving around. But I think the more important part to focus on is our guide for the year, right? I think we've provided you guidance for the year. We haven't lost sales. It's just shifting revenue from Q2 to Q3. I think we should be able to capture most of that -- but it all depends on the timing of the projects.  Clearly, we've spoken about the fact that we expect the market to be softer and we expect conversion rates in China to be slower than they were at the same point last quarter. So conversion rates are slower. So some demand is shifting to the right. But overall, I think the important part to focus on is a guide for the year.
Rahul Ghai: Just to add, just a couple of data points to add to what Judy said. I mean, if you look at things that different now, I believe, from -- if you go back to 2015, 2016, first, if you look at the inventory, residential inventory, it's at 3 to 4 months, right? And it's been hanging in there. In fact, it came down a little bit over the last 6 quarters, I think it's like 3.5 months of inventory, which is lower than 3.8 from April. And I believe if you go back to '16 or '17, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I think it was at this point, maybe double the levels it is today, so it's 6, 6.5 months of inventory. So that is good. And even if you look at the investments, the real estate investment, that's about 5 -- down about 5%. Slow space under construction is down about 3%.  So yes, things are not great. but they're definitely not pointing to the same levels of decline that we saw back in '16 and '17.
