Judy Marks: Yes. Good morning, Nigel, it’s Judy. So listen, we had a really strong start to the year, and I’ve got to just applaud our China team for their tenacity and resilience, really good start. New equipment orders up low single digits, backlog up mid-single digits and their portfolio up high teens for the third straight quarter. Our elevator factories are open in China, including our one in Hangzhou, which is outside of Beijing. I confirm that as well as recent as today, but we do – we’ve seen some challenges with shipments and obviously site access. So what we’ve done is we really expect the second quarter to be lighter due to the COVID lockdowns, and we’ve really adjusted the rest of the year to be down low single digits, mainly from our suppliers needing to restart their operations as well. So this is a kind of full supply chain impact where we manufacture in China, mainly for China. We think it’s a reasonable approach. We’re going to continue to monitor how things come back in China. But again, our elevator our factories are open and the timing of the reopening could push some performance into 2023, and that’s why we think it’s a prudent guide. We revised China new equipment to low single digits down and took our full guide down on new equipment, mainly because of this.
Judy Marks: Yes. So pricing – let me start with service, Nigel. We’re really pleased. We’re seeing good service pricing increased more than 2 points in Q1, and we expect that to continue. Very strong start on service pricing in the Americas, followed by EMEA. So we still have a mix as China is growing at the high teens in terms of the portfolio, but really pleased that between the volume in the portfolio and the service pricing, that’s why we’re seeing such a nice guide in service, and we raised our outlook 5% to 6% growth there. We expect that to continue as the year goes on, and we see no reason not to. We’re exercising our clauses that give us that ability to up our service pricing because of inflation, and our sales folks are being able to realize that price. So, very pleased with that. In terms of new equipment, overall, we’re flat globally. Good performance in Asia and Asia Pacific and EMEA. Americas is flat. We expect America’s new equipment pricing to improve throughout the year, continuing the second half ‘21 trend they had; China is under pressure on pricing and their pricing is down. But overall, we expect to end the year with flat pricing on new equipment.
Judy Marks: Yes. Steve, we’re seeing a really strong market in North America. Our orders were up 9.1%. The awards, as Rahul said, were up nearly 25%, which is our leading indicator. Resi, non-resi, but especially multifamily, in North America is just really coming in very strong. 12-month roll in the Americas is 13%. So the market is strong. We’re seeing – we’re not – obviously, we have a lag from the time we book till the time we recognize that revenue, but we think that bodes very well for the rest of ‘22 and ‘23.
Judy Marks: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Jeff, so I think everyone is aware that we stopped taking new equipment orders and making new investments. We’ve been very public about that in Russia. And really, we are right now evaluating the best ownership structure for the business, whether that’s with us or somewhere else. And that’s why we removed it from the outlook. We really wanted to be able to have a useful comparison. We’re working through our backlog in Russia to try and meet existing customer commitments. Candidly, it is very challenging due to supply chain issues and sanctions. And really, it’s against that backdrop that we’re evaluating options to provide a more certain future for the business. I can’t comment on potential future transactions, but we will update you in due course.
Judy Marks: Yes. So on Otis ONE, we had a strong start to the year, especially versus last year first quarter and probably ‘20 first quarter. So we’re picking up nice momentum there and we are headed towards our mid-term – our midterm outlook of 60% of the portfolio covered. We also had some really nice progress in EV bookings, really, which give us another connected product. As we exited the quarter, we had significant EV bookings as well. But we’re really starting to see both the volume pickup and the stickiness, as Rahul said. All three categories are doing better conversion, retension as well as really bringing portfolios, bringing items back to our portfolio. Productivity is strong. It is taking care of any labor increases we’re seeing. And even our apps that we don’t talk about as much anymore, Jeff, have really seen sustained uptick. We’re still rolling them out in some of our Southeast Asia countries as recent as last month. And if you look at the apps, we saw a 20% increase in repair sales booked through the Upgrade app year-over-year. The Tune app, which really gives our mechanics just that ability to use their iPhones to do vibration checking is up more than double same period last year. And we had 50,000 parts ordered, which is up mid-single-digit plus over the year before all using technology. So our mechanics are getting more productive. Otis ONE is adding that ability to be predictive. They have got the ability to see what’s happening with transparency with our customers and we’re seeing actually Otis ONE make a difference in our recaptures when customers come to us, put us back on maintenance because of Otis ONE. So all in all, everything is trending, and that’s why we’ve got confidence in the service, not just in the revenue side, but it will, with volume, it’s going to fall through and the incrementals are going to be strong.
Judy Marks: Yes. Let me start, Rahul, and then I’ll let you add. But we saw a share gain of about 1 point globally, but we saw a share gain clearly in China. We came into the year and we expected our backlog to cover 60% or so of the revenue and the rest for the in-year revenue and the rest would be kind of book-to-bill. We thought that book-to-bill, Nick, would be down 5% to 10%. But what we saw in the first quarter was it was only down 5%. So that was fairly positive. As you look at the first quarter, though, we did well Tier 1 through 4 cities, so it wasn’t just the big Tier 1s. We really did well in Tier 1 to 4, and we grew share there, and we grew share in every vertical, residential, commercial, high-rise and infrastructure. So it was an across-the-board gain in terms of share from our China team, and I think that’s what really led to the up 3% in new equipment orders and the backlog up mid-single now.
Judy Marks: Yes, I think it’s just execution of strategy, Nick. Our sales coverage is there. We kept A&D about – our agents and distributors around 2,200. There is been some churn in them as the lower performers are exited and we bring on new for coverage. But our sales coverage actually globally went up about 150 – about 4%, and even though our SG&A went down significantly. So we’re driving everything and it’s all about executing our strategy.
Judy Marks: Yes, it’s not a demand issue, Julian, it’s just a delay in the delivery and the recognition of revenue.
Judy Marks: Julian, the only other thing I would add is what we saw in repair in the first quarter was very positive, which shows even in the regions where people are concerned about office populations, we are seeing elevator usage pick up in the – really in the commercial side of the business as well. And our repair business certainly indicated that in Q1. That’s going to help drive this – again, this margin expansion in service as we go through Q2 through Q4.
Judy Marks: Yes. Joe, good morning, they are. I mean, we had secured some large projects in ‘21 and that will actually not just be second half of this year, will be more strong in early ‘23. And that’s still consistent. Those projects are all on schedule. So, what we said last quarter still holds.
Judy Marks: Well, it all takes activity. So, even though we have those clauses in the contract, they don’t automatically happen at a renewal unless we can enforce it and sell the value of what we are doing. So, our sales force had to go out and basically make all of that happen. So, there was nothing that would just happen automatically, mechanically or commercially. So, it was all make happen, and the team did a great job explaining how we had additional costs and how it’s appropriate for those to flow through on price.
Judy Marks: Well, Cai, I think it’s important to reinforce that we are following all sanctions that have been imposed by the U.S., the UK and – so we are following all of those rules. We provide an important life safety service everywhere in the world, especially in our service business. So, we are – obviously, we are evaluating who should be or could be the rightful owner of this asset, and that’s the evaluation we are under. We will share more as we learn more, but we will have to see where that evolves.
Judy Marks: Yes. And Cai, we were 1% 2 years ago. Actually, in 2020, we were 2% portfolio growth. 1% in ‘19, 2% in ‘20, 3% last year. We said we would be 3%-plus. That’s what’s driving, again, everything we have said that to drive that portfolio is the key to our service success, and we just had our fifth consecutive quarter of service organic sales growth and our ninth consecutive quarter of adjusted operating profit growth in our Service segment, So, this and growth in every region this quarter on the portfolio. So, that’s what we need to continue to see going forward. That’s what our team is focused on.
Judy Marks: Sure. So, we talk about the smaller bolt-ons at about the $50 million-ish kind of level a year. As you can see when something is attractive like Zardoya Otis, we didn’t hesitate. And kudos to our team for just executing that with excellence with the squeeze out occurring. So, we will be the full owner and delist in the next week or two weeks. So, we are always looking for an opportunity. We think we are at a really good leverage point right now. We are still investment grade. We were able to keep that as well as repaying. We repaid $0.5 billion of debt in the first quarter after $350 million in ‘20 and $450 million in debt in ‘21. So, we are keeping the debt kind of where we want it. Our gross debt is at about $6.75 billion right now, and we think that’s a good place. And if a large strategic opportunity comes up, whether it’s in Europe or Asia or in the Americas, we are going to – we are obviously interested and we are going to evaluate it because the large generation type opportunities don’t happen that often in this industry. So, we are making sure we have got the flexibility on the balance sheet to do that. In the interim, the cash we generate in-year, we plan on returning to our shareholders. We raised our dividend late last week, a little over 20%. And now that’s 45% over 2 years, and already bought back $200 million of shares in the first quarter. As Rahul said, we are going to do another $300 million. So, we will be at $500 million for this year. And our Board reauthorized $1 billion cap for us to do that. So, we are going to share with our shareholders until – and keep our ability to do strategic acquisitions when they arise.
Judy Marks: Thank you, Latonia. So to summarize, we had a strong first quarter and continue to make progress on our strategic priorities while weathering macroeconomic challenges. We recognize the work left to be done to continue building on our track record of resiliency and strong execution. We are confident we will do just that and deliver 10% adjusted EPS growth in 2022 with continued momentum in 2023 and beyond. Thank you for joining our call, and please stay safe and well.
Rahul Ghai: So Nigel, just maybe a point or two to add on China. First thing, what we’ve seen in China, as Judy said, the pricing was a little bit under pressure. But what we are seeing is that the volume business is doing well. That is where we’ve actually gained a little bit of price flattish to up on the volume side. The larger projects is where we are seeing the pressure. So that is where the pressure is coming through. The flip side on China is that the commodity prices in China, unlike the rest of the world are also coming down. So if you look at the rebar steel, that was down close to 10% in Q1 and the hot-rolled coil, which is another commodity that impacts the steel prices are down close to 5% in the second quarter. So the China commodity market is behaving a little bit differently than the rest of the world. So that is why maybe the China pricing trends are a little bit different. So – but overall, as Judy said, we are kind of flat for the quarter. And for the year, we’re largely expecting that we will mitigate the backlog pricing headwind that we inherited from last year by in-year price increases. So largely, we will be kind of flattish on price for the year.
Rahul Ghai: So we typically don’t provide those quarterly, Steve, as you know. But overall, the trends were fairly robust across all 3 – retention, recapture and conversion. I think we saw global improvements in all three metrics, retention continues to be our, as we’ve discussed previously, continues to be our focus and that improved year-over-year in the quarter, kind of in line with the full year improvement that we saw for all of ‘21. So that trend is good. Recaptures are very strong, especially in China. And as I have said in my prepared remarks, recaptured units exceeded the cancellations in the quarter. So that contributed to our portfolio growth and conversion trends look really good. I mean, again, with China, where we see the maximum opportunity driving the way, and that was a big contributor to the portfolio growth here. So overall, listen, we are very, very pleased with the way things progress. We have, as we said previously, a really, really strong focus on that. And there was a subtle change in what we said, but that’s our portfolio grew more than 3%. So it says the continued traction that we said, we grew 3% last year. And in Q1, it’s more than 3%. So that’s – so we feel good about the full year growth on service portfolio growth.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. As we said, our pricing in North America was flattish, right? So North America pricing was flattish. I mean the only part in new equipment where we responded to Nigel’s question, Steve, the only place where we saw a little bit of pressure on price was China, right? So that’s where the rest of the world kind of behaved and we expected North America to improve starting Q1 because the cycle time for – from proposal to actually booking the order is really long in North America. So we expected Q4, our pricing was down in the Americas, and we always expected that Q1, we will see the sequential improvement, and we did. So that is good. And hopefully, it continues to gain traction as we go through the rest of the year. But in China, the pricing was under a little bit of pressure as previously discussed, and there was a difference between our units booked and the overall revenue growth in China.
Rahul Ghai: And Nick, not a lot to add. I think Judy has kind of covered it. I think we covered verticals. We had share gain in all verticals. And what we saw in the market was the market was down about 5% in the quarter, where we saw the growth – we saw a growth in industrial and on the infrastructure side. And residential, as you would expect, was down in the quarter just given the policy that we had. So the market – and the minus 5% that we saw in the market was actually a little bit better than what we would have thought going into the year. We still expect the market to be down 5% to 10% for the year. That estimate has not changed even though some of the metrics have moved around. The construction was up kind of 1% in the quarter. Investment was down a couple of points. The new starts were down, maybe 20% plus in the quarter, but that was a tough compare and then obviously, you had the impact from COVID. But the inventory is kind of holding in China, so the inventory is still at a 3.5 months of inventory. So our estimates for the year on China market growth have not changed. So we’re still expecting minus 5% to minus 10% and with Q1 being down about minus 5%.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Our business in China did really well on cash last year, Nick. I mean we were up more than 20% over 2020 levels in 2021. And for the year, for 2022, we kind of expect similar level of improvement in free cash flow in China. So last year, if you look at 2021, our receivables were up slightly less than 10% on revenue that was up more than 25%. So we did really well on cash management in China. But obviously, the situation is volatile. We are looking at our payable situation. We are extending some advances to our customers to ensure supply. But at the same time, we are also looking at, okay, where we can, we are stretching the payable terms. So we’re kind of going both ways, managing it on a supplier-by-supplier basis. But overall, listen, the situation, cash in China was good last year, and we expect a similar level of performance in ‘22.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So as you said, our orders were strong in Europe. And we are seeing – so the backlog goes up, as I said in my prepared remarks, it was up more than 5%, and the ARPU more than that, clearly. But what we are seeing, Julian, is we are seeing delays in construction activity, and that’s pretty much all the major European – or most of major Western European markets. So we are seeing that slowdown, which is extending our delivery times from our factories. So that is what we are seeing. And that is the reason we kind of looked at our revenue expectations for the year in EMEA, and we took them down slightly. We were up kind of mid-single digit levels last time if we took them to mid to high this time or low to mid this time. And part of that was obviously Russia coming out because Russia was a faster growth market. So some of that impact was just Russia getting pulled out and some of that was construction. So now we think it’s low to mid. But as you look at the overall construction activity in EMEA, that is kind of holding. So, if you look at the building permit activity that was up 2% to 3% over last year. I think they are expecting that to continue. And so that is where we expect that our orders growth in Europe should be okay for the year. We are not expecting any big slowdown at this point. So, the business seems to be holding up. And all we are seeing is this delay in revenue recognition and the pricing was good as well. So, we saw – we picked up pricing up low-single digits in EMEA. So overall, the business is doing well, except for the slowdown in construction that’s impacting us.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So, let me start with the second part of your question first, Julian, and then I will get to the first part of the question. So, overall commodity headwinds is about 110 for the year, about $38 million in the first quarter, similar levels expected in second quarter. And what has shifted from the last estimate is clearly, we are expecting a little bit of a headwind in the second half of the year, which was not in our prior expectation that that’s driven by the higher energy prices in Europe that are driving aluminum costs and also some of the steel prices in Europe have gone up. And same thing in North America, we have seen commodity pricing moving higher in North America as well, offset to some extent by lower prices in China. So, commodity headwinds $110 million for the year, about $76 million in the first half, the balance in the second half of the year. Now, in terms of cadence, you are right, I mean what we saw – you can think it’s kind of a run rate. But what you are seeing, obviously, the earnings in new equipment were pressured in the first quarter because of the higher commodity headwinds. And we are expecting kind of similar level of pressure on new equipment earnings in the second quarter. So, the margins in new equipment on a year-over-year basis are going to look very similar in the second quarter as they did in the first quarter. So, the margin expectations in new equipment first quarter, second quarter are going to be similar. And if you look at our full year margin guide, that is more or less in line with the first quarter margin guide. So, we are not expecting a huge acceleration in new equipment margins and maybe that’s a little bit conservative as we get into the second half. Maybe there is a little bit of tailwind. But given all the uncertainty, we felt that, okay, holding the margins kind of sequentially flat to Q1 levels was appropriate. Now, as you move to service though, on the other side, we do expect acceleration of margins in the Service segment. And the biggest driver of that, a, obviously, sequential revenue growth in service that comes through a high drop-through. But also, if you go back to Q1 of last year, we still had the impact from COVID. So, in Q1 of this year, we had some of the costs coming back that were not there in Q1 of last year. So, we absorbed that incremental cost and yet grew margins. So, as we get into the second to the fourth quarter, that headwind is not there, and that helps us drive higher service margins. So, that’s the underlying cover. But as you look overall, obviously, a good start to the year. And we expect Q2 is the same, we expect to grow revenue in the second quarter and then EPS on a year-over-year basis and on a sequential basis, should be up as well in the second quarter.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, some impact from Russia, but we are just looking at calibrating the full year. So, that’s what we did. So, just nothing major things move around all the time. There is not a big cut in any one line, but there is some definitely some impact from lower investments in Russia. But overall, it’s just kind of minor tweaking in different lines.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, it was – as we said, overall, Cai, good growth globally, obviously, strong growth in China. And the other emerging markets in Asia did well as well, but we did grow our portfolio in both Europe and the Americas as well. Obviously, they are lower growth economies. And so they contribute a lower amount because the growth is clearly happening in Asia, but it was a global improvement with improvement in all four regions. And then your second question on conversion. I think the conversion rates obviously moved up a lot overall throughout the world, but especially with the improvement in China kind of driving that, and that is where we expect most of the improvement to come. And the cancellation rate is good. I mean we keep making progress and the fact is that we make, especially in the where that is really important is in the more mature markets, in the U.S. and in the Western European economies. And that is where if you look at our improvement this year, that is we saw – that is where we saw the maximum improvement in our retention rates. Both Europe and U.S. did really well, or Europe and Americas did really well on improving the retention rates. And that is what we really need to see because that also drives price because that’s – losing that portfolio hurts us the most. And by improving our retention rate, that drives incremental price and incremental margin. But overall, really pleased with the progress we are making globally.
Rahul Ghai: Definitely. Yes. I mean our expectation, I think we said it just post Investor Day, Cai, that we see portfolio growth hedging – continue to improve, and there is a clear line of sight at some point to this portfolio growth, starting with maybe a four and then maybe even going up from there. But we take this in small steps and every quarter is a dot point on the board that – and all these dot points make up a trend. So, I think that’s what Judy kind of alluded to, just kind of the sequential improvement. And I think we are putting another dot point on the board with this quarter. And we are hoping that by the time we end the year, this number starts with a four, but we are not there yet. So, we will keep marching forward.
Rahul Ghai: So, most of our price increases are structural. There are surcharges kind of built into that number, because as we have discussed previously, we have escalator clauses, which are tied to overall inflation in the economy. So, that gets captured on the maintenance side, so nothing unusual in the quarter. We should be keeping this entire price increase. Obviously, it’s all market-dependent, and a large portion of our portfolio comes up for renewal in the first quarter, but not all of it. So, we will keep kind of guiding to you guys as the year goes on, how this moves forward. So, that’s point number one. And the second part is – and then obviously, on the new equipment side, it is once you kind of sign the contract, it’s there. So, I think on both sides, there is no reason to give any of this price increase back. On repair, where we kind of do more break/fix work, there are some surcharges that we add based on the travel that we need to do. So, that is where we do add a surcharge based on travel. But on maintenance and new equipment, there is nothing unusual about the price increases we are just kind of pushing through, and we should be retaining all of it.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Overall, we did not disclose that, Joel. But overall, our asset base in Russia is not huge. We are – we typically do get advances from our customers in everywhere in the world before we get a new equipment order. And Russia is, call it, 80% new equipment. So, our – we are actually in a negative working capital position in Russia. So, as and when something happens, obviously, we will update the accounting, but we don’t expect a big asset write-off. There could be some other charges that we will have to evaluate as time goes on, but we don’t expect a big asset right off to come from anything that Judy mentioned earlier.
Rahul Ghai: So, just keep in mind, Joel, yes, it is high. And the reason for that is twofold. One, obviously, the biggest reason for that is that we don’t do a lot of installation in Russia. We sell the equipment through our factory to people who actually install it. So therefore, that just drives higher margins because what you – if you look at our industry, we made more money on selling the equipment and the installation part is lower profit. So, that is what you see in Russia because we don’t do a lot of installation that comes through. And obviously, there are some other adjustments that go through as well anytime you try and pull a business out. But the biggest driver of that is just the nature of our business in Russia.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So, we are – obviously, Q2 is going to be tough, right. I mean we – obviously, we are expecting the lockdowns to kind of end mid-April, but they have now extended. So, we will see how. So Q2, we are still expecting to resume delivery starting May. So, that’s still part of the expectation. But obviously, we will keep monitoring that. We think from our own delivery standpoint, we should be able to catch up as we get into Q3 and Q4 because we saw that just post-COVID, after the lockdowns, we had a really, really strong Q2 in Russia in 2019 – sorry, in China. We saw a really strong bounce back in China in Q2 of 2019. And we expect that as soon as the lockdowns lift, we should be able to recover. But the supply chain part is a little bit more uncertain for us because that we don’t control directly, and that was the reason for taking down our guide, as Judy said earlier. So, we have adjusted our guide, reflecting more of the supply chain issues and potential some conversion challenges with job sites and other places. But from our own factory standpoint, we are pretty confident that as soon as the lockdowns lift, we are ready to go.
