Judy Marks: Jeff, it's Judy. Listen, the mod business itself, I think you're going to see sustained and accelerating opportunities. It comes from macro 7 million of the 20 million units are 20 years or older in the world. It comes slightly from things that didn't happen during COVID, which you call pent-up demand, but it's really now coming from a realization that elevators are aging. Repairs, as you've seen, we've had a really strong repair book. So people have been putting off modernization, and now they are coming to those important decisions. So at the macro level, globally, we saw a mod up in all 4 regions, strong order book this quarter, 29%, backlog up 13%. I think you can -- you're going to continue to see that, not just quarter-over-quarter, but year-over-year as the mod opportunity becomes larger. At a micro level, I'll just share a short story with you because part of mod is discretionary but part of it is a rational decision our customers are making. I'll give you an example, in North America, where we have almost 25-year-old, 2- to 6-story hydraulic units installed throughout the country, we have a circuit board there where the parts have become end-of-life and obsolete. So we went out to all of our customers because so many of these customers, they only have 1 unit, and they can't afford for it to shut down and not have access to an obsolete part. So for our customers, we went out with digital marketing campaign and just said, listen, for a few hours, we'll pre-plan, preschedule this, turnkey, 1 fixed price, let us come and make sure you avoid any shutdowns and extend the life of your elevator. Response has been fantastic. So part of mod is aging, Part of it is opportunity creation, but you're going to see it continue to pick up over time.
Judy Marks: Yes. We had growth across the board. So all 4 regions grew. China had its seventh straight quarter, it grew high-teens but seventh straight quarter high-teens growth. So Asia-Pac and China up more significantly than the mature markets which we would say is probably low-single.
Judy Marks: Yes. Thanks, Steve, and we fully recognize JPMorgan. So let me be clear there. So Steve, I had the -- and I'm going to say honor of finally being on the ground again in China. So what I'm going to share is a little personal, having spent 10 days there earlier -- late last month, early this month. And just really getting a sense of the economy. And I can tell you, you can feel it in the 4 cities I was in and with our colleagues. It's in a state of recovery, and my view is primed for economic development, no matter whether it was a government official I met or with our customers, we do believe the second half recovery will come and will come strongly. The government is being very supportive in their policies, whether it's mortgage rates or other things. So kind of where we started the year is what we're still seeing.  We thought the market would be down 10%. We were down 3% in orders. So clear market share gain by Sally and team in China. But the strength in the market in the first quarter, just see the segments, infrastructure and industrials were up, industrial buildings. There was weakness in resi and the commercial market. But we are still expecting the market recovery. And I'm feeling good about the health of our business. To be able to see the progress our team has made throughout the COVID years, whether it's in the automation and Industry 4.0 in our factories, the acceptance by our customers of our new product introductions, the relationships, I got to meet our agents and distributors, I'm very positive on a China recovery in the second half. Obviously, we want to see what the second quarter holds and when that inflection point is going to happen, but all signals look positive for China recovery second half and then obviously that continuing into the out years.
Judy Marks: Yes. So as we shared last quarter, we said China would be down 10% of the market. Americas would be flattish. We're seeing Asia Pac continuing to grow more to high single digit, and we think that offsets maybe a little more negative now with EMEA down low to mid-single digits.
Judy Marks: Yes. So kudos to Jim and the team, I mean, the Americas after a really strong '22 to come in up 15% this quarter and rolling 12 months being strong as well, over 18%, just really highlights, we've got a big backlog to work off in the Americas and our team knows it. Listen, we saw the Americas itself, the year is playing out as we thought it would. Nonresi is actually better this first quarter. Infrastructure and commercial were up and multifamily was down, coming off some really tough compares, if you think about where multifamily has been the past few years. I will tell you, Nigel, that we got a real tough compare in the Americas coming up in the second quarter because last year's second quarter, we were up 54% in the Americas. So we're going to do the best we can to try to match that, but it's going to be a tough compare. We still expect a flattish market through year-end. We think we're in a really good position. You saw the Montreal program we won, which was a major project in the first quarter, and that will take us a few years to perform on. But both the volume business and the major projects did really well in the Americas, both Latin and North America for the first quarter.
Judy Marks: Let me take the pricing question. We are seeing rational pricing. I know we've shared that about 90% of the new equipment orders that happen in China now happen with the top 10 OEMs, and they're all being rational. And we get to see that, especially on public infrastructure bids. So not to say there's not a bid or to someone really wants because of density and they'll do something. But we're seeing rational pricing in China. It's always the most competitive there in pricing of anywhere in the world, and which means we've got to continue to drive our costs down. And that's where, so far, we've seen the material productivity far better in China than we have everywhere else in the world. Part of that's commodity's coming down, but part of that is through great supply chain management, negotiation and our engineering team continuing to take cost out with our manufacturing team. So we're seeing rational. We don't anticipate that changing, but obviously, we're keeping an eye on that.
Judy Marks: Thanks, Julian. So yes, we're saying EMEA now is going to be down low- to mid-single digit. Obviously, we're watching rates and impact on building permits and starts. But in the first quarter, our team in Southern Europe performed incredibly well. Spain, Italy, extremely resilient. Where we saw some of the weakness was really Germany and the U.K. and then the Middle East was up probably low single digits. So it's really a mix and we're going to continue to monitor and watch that. When we think back in time, I look at 2 key metrics. One is pricing and service pricing like-for-like in the last quarter, we were up 3.5 points, and our Europe business was up mid-single digits. So Bernardo and the team have been passing price through. We've had those inflationary clauses in, and the team's been passing service price through, which is really good to see because the majority of our European contracts do come due, service contracts come due in the first half of the year, with most in the first quarter. The other part would be all the constructors from 15 years ago who moved into service and became independent service providers, we don't see that labor. If you look at even unemployment is at fairly low levels in Spain and in other locations in Western Europe. So we don't see those -- that available workforce starting up as independent service providers. And the other difference now is what we call Otis One, and the fact that when you have a connected elevator, it's not easy to start up as an independent right now or to grow your share. So I think all that combines to set us up to a very different Europe. But again, we think we're being responsible looking at the market at low to mid-single, potentially down for the year.
Judy Marks: Jack, yes, modernization, let me just reinforce what I said, which is, it's going to continue to be a contributor to our business, and the market itself is going to continue to grow, not just quarter-over-quarter, but the market itself will be growing year-over-year as more and more units age based on when they were put into service. We've got 7 million of the 20 million units are over 20 years old. So I think you can look for the modernization market to remain and actually become more attractive. And obviously, we're very focused on performing that in a more -- a way that allows us to approach customers with kits that gives us productivity and that gives them their modernization in a quicker time period.  So you're going to see modernization be talked about more, but also take the best of what we've learned since spin in terms of our new equipment strategy and growing share there and being able to do things at scale, merging that with our service excellence and our productivity we've gained there. And when we put those 2 together and attack the mod market with a growing market, we think that's going to be a positive contributor for many -- for much time to come.
Judy Marks: And, Nick, in China, the margin drivers are less about price. They're really more about productivity, volume, density and Otis One and all of those are good contributors for us.
Judy Marks: I think we can and we should close that gap. That's the challenge we've given to our team, and that's why you see the much higher growth rates in Asia, especially China, for our service portfolio. Now it creates a mix, but we'll deal with that mix challenge as we get it. But yes, we can and should be closing that gap.
Judy Marks: Thank you, Didi, and thank you all for joining us. And let me also add a thanks to all of our colleagues for your continued excellent performance in quarter one and for serving our customers so well. Our solid first quarter results demonstrate the continued power of our business model and set us up well for the future. We will remain focused on executing throughout the remainder of the year in order to capitalize on our first quarter successes and continue to drive shareholder value.  Thank you for joining us everyone. Stay safe and well.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. Steve. Just on the sequential earnings into the second half of the year, so second half, we have to grow EPS after about $0.25 a $0.05 of that will come from tax because we do face a headwind of $0.05 in quarter 2 because we had a big benefit in quarter 2 of last year. That unwinds in the second half of the year. So that will give us $0.05. So the $0.20 that we have to grow is about $120 million operationally we are growing service at about in the first quarter $40 million. So that run rate kind of continues into the second half of the year at a mid-single-digit growth. So that's about $80 million. And the remaining $40 million will come from new equipment. In the second half, I mean, quarter 1 new equipment was kind of flattish. Quarter 2 is returning back to growth. In the second half, we expect mid-single-digit growth, about 5%, 6% on the new equipment side, with volume and some of the price increases that we booked last year will flow through to the bottom line, about $20-ish million from there. Commodity tailwind of $20 million in the second half. So you add that of new equipment should be up about $40 million. So that's our sequential road map, about $80 million from Service, $40 million from New Equipment.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. And I mean, the 2 levers, as Judy mentioned, that we take a look at is definitely price/cost and the share of segment. So far, we're balancing it quite well. The market is disciplined, and we continue to look into that and make sure that, that is the toggle that we are playing against. Now in terms of orders, if you look at the market, the market was down in the first quarter. We are guiding it to be down 5% or 10% for the year. So clearly, the market is going to pick up in the second half of the year off a low compare as well from last year. And even if the -- as you know, share growth in the second half of the year, you should see orders in China picking up in the second half of the year, but, obviously, we're going to continue executing the strategy that we are doing right now and feel pretty good about the China orders in the second half of the year.
Anurag Maheshwari: Julian, thanks for the question. In February, when we gave guidance, we had a page on each of the segments, on New Equipment and Service. And at that point in time, we had highlighted mix and churn as 1 of the headwinds. And we just collapsed it into this chart right now. There's been no change in our thinking since the beginning of the year. When we talk about mix and churn, we essentially -- and the New Equipment side, the mix was coming from -- as you know, China is our most profitable New Equipment margin market. So -- and the other markets are growing faster. So New Equipment side, that is the mix from the regional perspective. And obviously, we've built a very good backlog. We won a lot of share, but it's a combination of volume and major projects and these major projects, through they come with a very good portfolio stickiness, they are low New Equipment margin. So on the mix side, I would say, on New Equipment, it's more region and projects similar to what we had called out in the last call. Nothing has changed from there. In Service, it's the same thing, which you've seen in the past couple of years, China growing faster. And obviously, churn is more around the cancellation units, which come with a little bit higher margin. So nothing really changed over there. Same thing for labor and wage inflation, right? It's -- so far, our labor negotiations are trending really, really well. We thought it would be low to mid-single-digit. In most of the European markets it's playing out that way and same on the material. So if I kind of take a step back, if you look at price over gross cost and mix and churn, we should be about $75 million positive for the year. That would contribute to half of the operating profit that you see in the bar, so price minus gross cost of material labor inflation and adjusting for mix and churn.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. Firstly, extremely encouraged by the way we started off in quarter 1 on the 3.5% like-to-like. As Judy mentioned, Europe is mid-single digits. It's probably one of the higher price increases we've seen in Europe for a while, and it's ticking because everyone else is kind of driving the price over there. If you move into Q2, obviously, more units get converted, come up for renegotiation as well. So we should see that kind of stepping up a little bit as we go there on the 3.5%. So overall, what we said in -- when we give the full year guide was that we expect it to be up 3.5%, 4%. Mix and churn would take about 200 to 250 basis points, so about 1.5% net. We -- as of now, where we stand, we feel pretty good about 150 basis points of pricing adjusting for mix insurance for the rest of the year.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. And just to add to that, right, I mean, not too long ago, we were growing at 1%. The team is kind of -- that was called for action, teams focused on it. The wheel just started churning. We were at 4.1%, up 4.2%, we should close the gap. And the gap is we won some good new equipment share. That will get converted -- that will come into the conversion cycle. Our conversion rates are going up, and we're going to keep looking at deploying IoT to ensure that our retention rates stay high. So it's using conversion as a lever, using retention as a lever to get us up to the mid-single-digit growth. And while doing that, we want to ensure that we also maintain the profitability for it, right? So at some point in time, this -- you will see from margins, it does come back to absolute profit growth, but that's where we want to take it to.
