Judy Marks: Thanks Rahul. I'm pleased with our year-to-date performance navigating continued COVID challenges while continuing to drive our long-term strategy all in our first year as a standalone company. In early 2021, we'll provide an update on our 2021 and medium term outlook for we continue to expect sustainable growth and global share and are seeing traction with new equipment share of approximately 70 basis points year-to-date. This growth will continue to feed our leading service portfolio, where we remain focused on service transformation initiatives, deploying IoT and digital tools that drive value for our customers, productivity, and margin expansion. We remain committed to driving value for our shareholders, driving EPS growth and robust cash generation, all while investing at sustainable levels to position us to stay at the forefront of this industry. With that, I'd like Sonia to open up the line for questions.
Judy Marks: You bet. So Bay State, again, pleased to have them join the Otis family, but that is not material in terms of what contributed to the portfolio growth in the Americas, specifically in North America for the quarter. In terms of Otis ONE, we are ramping up and accelerating our deployment. We've seen productivity gains but in terms of additional subscriptions or revenue, it's still early in terms of where we're able to gain traction on that. It's certainly adding value and productivity, we've seen that in China, we've seen it in Spain, and we're now seeing and hearing from our mechanics in North America in terms of how it's giving them the ability to show up quicker, to have less running on arrivals when they get there because they know it's already running on arrival and they don't have to actually make that service call. So we're pleased with the early results, but it's not anything that's really added to the top line in terms of subscription revenue yet.
Judy Marks: Yes. So, Steve in the third quarter, we saw better volumes, you know our productivity remains strong and our pricing held. Our orders were up slightly and you said it, we are up 20 basis points in both margin and really pleased with that improvement, especially coming after the second quarter where we had 70 basis points going the other way and we grew our backlog. So every 3%, where we're going with 3% up in backlog. So while we're seeing -- the market's competitive, pricing was competitive in the third quarter, we would tell you the place it was most competitive was in North America. And but we are seeing -- we had low single-digit gains in terms of EMEA and Asia, high single-digit gains in China, and low single-digit we were down in the Americas. So, so far we're dealing with what we can control, which is winning the business, growing the share. We grew at about 40 basis points and then executing on that backlog by driving as much productivity and cost control as we can. And this backlog, by growing is really going to feed our 2021 and put us in a pretty good position there. So we were pleased with what we saw Q3 versus Q2 and all the sequential improvements. But we would -- I would tell you, it is getting more competitive certainly in North America on pricing.
Judy Marks: And Steve we task every one of our countries to beat share, to grow share in their country and that's going to continue through 2021. So we do look at it at a pretty finite level.
Judy Marks: Yeah and Steve, I'm sorry, Julian. Let me just add one item. We've really tried to take a hard look at the past few weeks or months or certainly starting into this quarter of with the rebound of COVID cases, are we seeing any changes? We're still continuing to see new starts in Europe. We're cautious in North America, especially on non-res. But the Asian economies have turned the corner and China is accelerating and we expect growth next year in the China segment.
Judy Marks: Yes, so in China Jeff, our orders are up high single-digit, our book margin was up for the quarter in China, so we return to really getting price in China or new equipment, which was important to us. Our sales were up mid-single-digit. We also got price on service and grew our service portfolio 6% in China and grew our share year-to-date in China. So we think we've got a solid performance. We did well in the Tier One and Tier Two cities, and especially in some of our strategic verticals like infrastructure, where we've been spending a lot of time and investment. Rahul will share that, we've added over almost 750 agents and distributors in China this year, which has been an intense focus on us to have greater reach and greater capability to provide to see the different opportunities. And again, we return to profit -- to positive booked margin there and we're pleased with that. We continue to invest in China with our new factory, and we're going to continue to make investments in the sales channel in China in Q4, as Rahul mentioned in his remarks, to get us prepared for what we think is going to be a growth segment and growth for us significantly in 2021.
Judy Marks: So our service contracts are contracts that are multi-year in many parts of the world and annual in others. So each country is a little different. We tend to renew our service contracts in Europe early in the year and we do have price escalators there that are indexed to inflation. And we'll be watching that as we enter next year as well. In the North America where a lot of our service contracts are as well, we find that those are multi-year or the concessions we've given to date have been pretty limited to the hospitality and retail industry only. And as we've shared with our end market exposure, that's a little under 10% for us globally. And those concessions to date have lasted typically for about 90 days and they all came in at staggered times. But as long as a building is open and it's important to note, John, that we also match our cost when those concessions go in terms of the services we deliver. So we've been doing a good job in that. And that's why we've been able to maintain our service margins and our margin expansion. As these come up for renewal, every one of them we discuss with the customers exactly what types of services they need to receive, and then we adjust our costs accordingly. But we have not seen any unusual cancellations on either the new equipment side. Every now and then a job does cancel but on the new equipment side or even on the service side, we've not seen extreme cancellations happening. Right now everybody's kind of watching. And as long as a building is open or -- and minimal use and all the residential buildings are at significant use, we are out there providing maintenance. Our maintenance pricing has held up very resilient and our maintenance has also been very resilient. And really, it's the discretionary repair and modernization where we've had any of the decline in sales as people are making discretionary choices. I hope that was helpful.
Judy Marks: No, we have not seen -- these cooling measures have been in effect now for almost three years, I would say. And we've not seen any impact on the infrastructure segment, which is mainly public. But even in the private with the property developers, we have not seen any change in volumes or requests for proposals in China. And in China we expected as we started the year this segment to be flat, the segment is actually growing this year and we actually now we believe that the segment will grow again next year. We're looking for a very positive outcome in China next year in 2021.
Judy Marks: We do believe this is a demand delay and it will create pent up demand on the repair side. On the modernization side, we believe it will occur. It's challenging to determine what quarter that's going to come back, since so much of the modernization is discretionary. But the repair we believe will happen. Some of it we need access to those buildings, some of it the buildings need more usage and the facility managers are just holding on some of those discretionary repairs. We expect it to bounce back and we think we'll see a little more of it in Q4 and as we go into 2021, we expect our bounce back.
Judy Marks: And Denise, our conversion rates and our retention rates on connected elevators beats our industry leading retention rates across the globe. So we have the ability to actually retain in our service portfolio those connected units at several hundred basis points above what we do with our normal retention rate globally. So that's another added benefit for us. It gives us more years on service and the ability to be with that customer over time, especially when they want additional upgrades over time.
Judy Marks: 55% of the service market right now is controlled by ISPs. That's who are going to get share from to grow our service portfolio above our leading service portfolio of over 2 million units already. And we do believe that with scale and with differentiation comes incredible data and clarity in terms of being able to make decisions, having a data lake, being able to do predictive and transparent maintenance, and as Rahul said to get the -- to roll the trucks and to get our field professionals out there as quick as possible to drive up time. It’s the value of that data and the analytics, that's going to make a difference and we are -- that's where we're going after share. The ISPs have more than half of the share globally and that's what we intend, especially to get our Otis units back.
Judy Marks: Yeah, and we have shown now for multiple straight quarters that we are yielding on the productivity, both on the material productivity side for new equipment and the service productivity side is continuing to yield. And I do credit that to our service business, which has remained resilient despite the discretionary challenges we've been facing. And that's 80% of our margins. And we shared our medium term outlook and basically said our future is based on growing our service portfolio, driving margins in both equipment and service, but in service that plus other actions driving high single-digit EPS. We are on track for our medium term outlook, our strategy is on track, and that's what we're executing. 
Judy Marks: So, yeah, we have -- if you take our Asia world outside of China, we are very pleased to share with our results out of Korea and Japan where we are a major player. And that has happened in both new equipment and in service, especially in service in Japan. So our Asia Pacific, although impacted by India and Southeast Asia, like the rest of the world, we're really pleased with our share gain there. And we have put some of those sales investments in place there to deal with both the new regulations in Korea, but also just to get more share on the new equipment side. As we pivot to the Americas, I was really pleased with our performance in Latin America. We grew share in Brazil and we are continuing to perform well in Latin America. North America remains very competitive and we're going to continue to watch that closely. And we've looked -- we gained the same access to the Dodge and the ABI information and Dodge has marginal improvement but up for next year. And we just have to watch the pace of that deal with what we can control, work our backlog conversion quicker, and then drive productivity throughout, especially in North America and align our cost with that. In South Europe that is the heart of our maintenance portfolio and our teams have done a great job aligning cost with the service we're providing and really having minimal concessions. So on the new equipment side, we think we're seeing new starts in Europe, including in South Europe, and we're seeing it really across the board. New starts in EMEA, a little slower in the Middle East, but the Asian economies are turning the corner, led by China by far. But the rest of the Asian economies are starting to turn. The only place we've still have constraints in terms of job site access is really in India, which is less than 50% and parts of Southeast Asia. Everywhere else has been restored to the high 90% and we haven't seen any retreat from that due to the second rebound of COVID either in North America or EMEA.
Judy Marks: Well, let me thank you all again for joining the call this morning. I need and want so much to thank our colleagues for their dedication, as well as all of those on the front line fighting COVID-19. Please stay safe and well. Thank you.
Rahul Ghai: So just to add to that Carter, Otis ONE joins the suite of other connected applications that we have like destination dispatch system, elevator management system, and those applications combined add about 30% to 40% of the subscription revenue. So as Judy said our first focus on Otis ONE is productivity and we do feel the benefit to the customer, both in terms of visibility and better uptime that we can provide will start adding incremental and additional revenue over time. And we see that in Asia and other parts of Europe where we do have remote service capability that we provide through even the phone lines. We are able to get incremental price in those units. So it will help over time but our first focus has been productivity on Otis ONE as we previously stated.
Rahul Ghai: We -- Steve, you're right. I mean, we did kind of looked across all the regions and we did -- we have improved the bottom end of the range and down from mid to high single-digits to down mid-single-digits and keep in mind it was down 5% to 10% on the Q1 call. So continued movement in the right direction. And the outlook has improved kind of across all the regions. Strong performance in Q3 and especially in China and the Americas and at the mid and the high end, we have growth planned for Q4. So, there could be some rounding because we don’t give specific ranges, so I think you can take that offline if there are certain questions. But overall we feel really good about the way the business is moving and we do expect growth in EMEA and Americas at the mid and the high end of the range. So that's -- we feel good about our guidance.
Rahul Ghai: And then to add, Steve just sort of -- just maybe a couple of points to add to what Judy said, our year-to-date booked margins are flat. So that's going to -- that's a good thing. First quarter was up, second quarter was down, third quarter was up. So year-to-date the booked margin are flat for the nine months of the year. And the other point is our backlog is up and the backlog margins are sequentially better than Q2 and flat to last year. So that goes back to the comment that you made on the pipeline, right. So our backlog margins, which would drive revenue for next year those margins are flat. And again, we do -- this is the story we've been saying since our kind of our Investor Day that we do expect tough pricing environment. We've expected it. Obviously, the macro economic conditions are not great, but the focus that we have on driving productivity and the fact that we've been hitting a 3% target now for nine months and we constantly are going to hit for 12 months and that is -- that focus is unwavering. So we'll continue to improve our execution installation, our maintenance productivity, and if there is pricing pressure, we'll find a way to offset that.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah, so when we talk about share Steve, we talk about how we have done versus the market. So again, I think Kone and Schindler report and the other companies that don't, so we don't know who exactly we're gaining share from. But the fact is, when we compare our orders, we know that we've outgrown the market and that's how we compare it. So if you look at, it's flat for the quarter, down 1% on a rolling 12-month basis and obviously in this environment, the market we know is down more than 1% on a rolling 12-month basis. And we are down about two points year-to-date. So that's a fairly strong performance given the environment. And so based on the analysis that we do, we believe, as Judy said in her prepared remarks, that we think we've gained about 70 basis points of share and that has allowed us to grow our backlog by about three points. 
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So Julian, it's hard to comment, right, I mean it's hard to comment on the orders but we are pleased with the performance we have year-to-date. And, go back to what we said on the last call that for 2021 our priorities were that we wanted to end the year in a strong backlog position. And being up 3% year-to-date obviously gives us a lot of confidence. And what we want to -- to take it a step further, our next step obviously is the fact that we want to accelerate the backlog conversion for 2021 and that gives us confidence to grow our new equipment business and not have the volume related headwinds that we've had this year. So that's kind of our focus for driving new equipment revenue next year. In terms of market, I think Judy can comment as well but, the picture is mixed. I mean, the fact is we're seeing a pretty -- we are seeing a sharp bounce back in China. The other market is a little bit softer as you would expect. And, the projections are a little bit harder based on the data we are seeing, there's a little bit of a snap back in Asia and in China and then -- and Europe looks okay as well. North America is a little bit more mixed but we'll see where that goes. But what we're focused on is kind of driving what we can control. And the other point I want to make up is our proposal activity, our proposal activity year-to-date is up double-digits. And that goes to all the things that we've been saying we are going to do in terms of expanding our sales coverage, adding more salespeople. We've added more than 100 salespeople year-to-date. Added 700 more channel partners in China. So that allows us to even in a down market, increase our proposal activity and hopefully that means well for our orders to come.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah, no. All good questions Julian. So, on the sort of -- we have been like focused on reducing our SG&A, right. And we have said that right since Q1 and obviously driving the $60 million reduction year-over-year is fantastic. And you see some of that coming through lower public company cost. And that is a good sign. We don't have a 2021 number yet. We didn't want to update you guys on one number for 2021 versus providing the context and the framework for how everything else will be. So again, our goal is to not get to 175, but we will provide more color and more guidance as we talk about the rest of 2021. So, more to come on that. But good news that we are able to instead of being at 150 we are 130 for this year just shows you the focus and the discipline that we have inside the company. In terms of stamp on [ph] cost and separation cost I think our number is 140 to 170, that's the number we had said, and that's largely between this year and Q1 of next year. I think we will be tracking to that. I think the year-to-date numbers are around $85 million so that is between $80 million and $85 million. So far, the rest between Q4 and Q1 and that would be the end of that separation cost.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah, so just typically what we see is we see in any given year, this is now I am going back a little bit to pre-COVID because what we typically used to see is about two thirds of our revenue, new equipment revenue in a given year coming from backlog. So that's what we would have typically seen. This year it has been a little bit lower just given all the disruptions that we've had, both in the field and in the factories. And our goal is, I think we said previously, our goal is not only to get back to 2019 levels, but drive it a little bit higher than that. And so we'll continue and provide more color and more guidance as we talk about 2021. But typically what you see is two thirds of the revenue for next year coming from backlog.
Rahul Ghai: We have had the bad debt is higher, a little bit year-over-year. It hasn't been material enough to call out, but you would expect that in an environment like this, in the credit environment, you would have incremental bad debt and we being appropriately cautious, I would say, on how we are reserving for stock. So if we are seeing things go in the wrong direction, we are providing adequate reserves for that. So bad debt has been with us through the first nine months. And again, it's not -- it hasn't been material enough to call out on each refinance but cumulatively kind of adds up. So it is okay. Pricing you are right, it hasn't been, we haven’t called it out as we said our book margins are flat, kind of year-to-date they are flat. Backlog margins are flat. But again, we are expecting a little bit of conservatism for Q4 just in case things happen. So you're right, on pricing for new equipment that is a common mode for Q4 and this does affect a little bit of conservatism on our part.
Rahul Ghai: And Nigel, just to add a couple of just quick data points on that I mean, if you look at the domestic loan volume for the real estate developers, that's actually up year-over-year. I think the estimates are like it's up 4% to 5% and the land value that these developers have prepared is up 13%. So they continue to invest in the business.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah, it's a great question, Nigel, and that's something again we need to -- we need a few quarters under our belt to exactly figure that out. I mean, a lot of the cash is offshore. So that makes it a little bit harder to figure out exactly what that right number is. But safe to say it's not 1.7 billion. I mean, that's easy to say that it's not one. I think we have more cash than what we need, which is appropriate in an environment like this, because if you go back to March or April, when you couldn't borrow in CP market. So, you want to be prepared because life is going to be uncertain, at least for the next three to six months. But beyond that, we feel we don't need 1.7 and I think that's what our promises is to get back cash to shareholders, as and when things settle down a little bit. And we do feel that we should be in a position to accelerate our share buyback from 2022 into 2021. So that is -- again that is a stated objective. And we think we'll get there barring some really, really unforeseen events. So we'll keep watching it. But it's now 1.7 billion and it's lower than that. What exactly that number is, I think we need a few more quarters to know exactly what the right number is.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah Denise, so my comment on kind of 30% to 40% was more around the fact. So we have several connected solutions, in addition to Otis ONE. So we have a little bit of a management system. We provide the destination dispatch. We have eView systems that involves -- that are connected. So when you put all that together, that can add about 30% to 40% off the revenue that we get on that unit. And there is not a lot of incremental cost to support that. So you would expect margins to be higher in addition to almost close to -- as close to perfection retention rate as you can get. So the retention rates are very, very high. So there are lots of incremental benefits. And now those ae comments in response to Carter’s question Otis ONE, do you expect incremental revenue from that? Yes, we do. It's not again 30% to 40% is cumulative. So it's not going to double from Otis ONE. But, we do expect incremental revenue because at the end of the day, the customer gets complete visibility on how the portfolio is performing to get higher uptime because as Judy responded earlier, we can dispatch a technician as soon as the unit breaks down. So we know before the customer calls us, we know the unit is down so we can dispatch technician. So the uptimes are higher. So we do expect over time we will get revenue from this. But that has not been our primary focus. We are investing this, we are installing these units at our own cost because we think the productivity benefits outweighs the cost. So that has been our primary focus but over time, we do expect revenue. 
Rahul Ghai: Cai, it is hard to comment on future of backlog margin. The good news is, listen, you look at the books margin that's up. You look at the backlog margin that's flat to last year and it's in and out. But generally what my takeaway from this is that the pricing environment in both new equipment and service is largely stable. There will be pressures as we've discussed previously, yes. But I think, the new equipment markets are behaving like China booking margins were up, North America was up, a little bit of pressure in Asia-Pacific, especially in India and Southeast Asia as you would expect, a couple of markets in EMEA as well. So all that, we put all that in and it's good to see the booking margin going up and the backlog margin being stable. I think Judy made the comment on service pricing as well and that's okay as well. I mean, outside of these temporary price concessions and these are temporary because they are for a limited period of time, outside of these temporary price concessions the overall service market is holding. Europe was a little bit -- Europe was up, North America was up -- pressure in Asia you would expect but so this pricing looks okay as well. So we feel good about where the environment is. Would there be pressure? Absolutely. If there is, we are ready for it, right. I mean, we're kind of ready for the pressure that may come but it has not manifested yet. And we feel okay where we are.
Rahul Ghai: They will probably [indiscernible] last quarter as well Cai. I think sure we had a few sizable wins in Q3 of last year so I don't know year-over-year these large wins necessarily made a difference. Listen, I think we've been talking about the things Cai that are driving our sales performance. I mean, if you look at our coverage in certain markets, whether it's China, whether it's the rest of the Asia-Pacific, whether it's markets in Europe, I mean our sales coverage in the markets that we have targeted are up anywhere between 7 to 10 points. So we are doing really well and just doing the basics right. We've added -- I mean, Judy and I both said we've added more than 700 channel partners in China. We've added more than 100 salespeople. So we're putting more feet on the ground, we are backing new segments, we didn't have a product in the entry tier market, we do now. We launched it in India, we are expanding to Southeast Asia. We are attacking the volume business in certain markets that we didn't play. So it's a pretty all out the front on making sure that we continue to gain share. And these large wins are a testament to the technology and the customer relationships. But, it's broader than that.
