Judith Marks: Thanks, Rahul. I'm pleased that Otis delivered a solid second quarter despite current COVID challenges, while driving our long-term strategy as the world begins to reopen. Over the medium term, we expect sustainable growth and global share gain in New Equipment up 90 basis points year-to-date to continue to expand on our leading Service portfolio. We'll continue to make progress on service transformation, deploying IoT and the digital tools that drive productivity and margin expansion. Although these are unusual times, we will continue to invest at a sustainable level to ensure we stay at the forefront of this industry and adjust our costs structurally to align with our medium-term sales outlook, and we will continue to drive EPS growth, use our robust cash generation and leverage our balance sheet to create shareholder value.  With that, I'd like Chris to open up the line for questions.
Judith Marks: Sure. Thanks, Nigel. So we have seen about 70 basis points of booked margin impact in the second quarter. That was mainly in EMEA, in Asia Pacific. China itself was flattish, and the Americas actually had improved booked margin. And as you understand, this flows through to our revenue, primarily in 2021. We do expect some pressure. We expected it this quarter. We expect some in the remaining half of the year on pricing because pricing follows macroeconomic trends. And this is really why we have focused so hard on cost containment and our productivity initiatives. The only part we don't have in our outlook is any additional activities driven by stimulus, and that could also impact pricing probably favorably. Our Service pricing is holding up well. Outside of the price concessions, we did get our normal price increases throughout the first half of the year. The price concessions themselves were a little less than we anticipated, primarily in the hospitality space, hospitality and retail, and we have included those in our outlook for the remainder of this year. So Service pricing is holding up well. Booked margin is down 70 basis points on New Equipment. But again, China flattish, and we understand what we need to do to drive cost out and drive productivity up.
Judith Marks: Yes, Cai, the share is really, really important. And we prepared for this. All 4 of our regions went up in share and significantly up in the Americas and in China. And in general, we were up for the quarter, 110 basis points. And then for the half of the year, 90 basis points. So in a declining market, where the segment itself was going down last quarter high single digits, we took share everywhere.
Judith Marks: Yes. I can't report on the industry as a whole, certainly for this year. But I can tell you, we have an intense focus on growing our service portfolio. We understand that is the foundation of our business model, and we have -- we are focused on getting our Otis units back in addition to recapturing other units driving our conversion rates up, driving our cancellation rates down. So the biggest move we made in the portfolio this quarter was China, which went up over 5% in terms of units under maintenance. That's the largest growing market for the portfolio. So we've challenged the team to outgrow what they've done in the past in every region, but especially in China.
Judith Marks: Yes. It's still early. But as you know, Steve, we had a tremendous amount of remote information from our remote monitoring systems. And these are early days. The residential elevators are getting tremendous usage because most elevators, people are only stepping in, if no one else is in that in condominiums and apartments throughout the world. So the residential usage, we know is up. In the more commercial space and office space, we're working with our customers to understand that. We're adjusting some traffic flow algorithms. Our destination dispatch system is being tuned based on customer requests. But as long as a building is open, it's certainly -- the elevator is getting used and maintained and eventually, will need repair work as well. So early days. Hopefully, we'll have some more data for you on the next call.
Judith Marks: Yes, John, the major regulatory front activity is a safety regulatory program that's driving significant modernization in South Korea. And it's going very well for us, but it is a regulatory program that's going to be multiple years. Our -- in Q1, our sales were up 7%, down 1.5% in Q2. But orders for the first half are only down 0.7 -- 70 basis points. So our modernization business is actually holding up better than we had anticipated through the first half. And we've tried to put some of that revision into our assumptions for our revised outlook. But in Asia Pac, between Japan and Korea, modernization is healthy. Korea is primarily regulatory.
Judith Marks: So I think we're seeing -- and I'll start with China, where we've seen the biggest pull to start from purification fans and that's being ordered in the thousands, to touchless technologies, whether those are using our app for an iPhone or Android to be able to call the elevator or we are piloting some hand gesturing technology as well as just better traffic flow. So you see early adopters following both the technology early adopter curve, but also we're seeing it earlier in places that have recovered earlier. So China, it's already -- it's being installed. We're seeing good pickup. Where we're seeing on the early adopters in EMEA, the rest of Asia Pac and the Americas, are those building managers who really are trying to figure out how not to queue in the lobbies and how to really create a safe and healthy building environment. And it's early, but we're starting to see -- it's not material in terms of revenue yet, but a lot of people are interested. Some are doing short-term activities, but others are looking at major modernizations. And I think it's still to be determined if that modernization budget is going to replace some other modernization they were planning in their capital planners. I think we'll see that come out over the rest of '20 and into '21.
Judith Marks: I think it will be, but I think it's early days, Carter. And the -- the reason is because as we look at a lot of our maintenance activities, we did not have all the same quantity of callbacks, as Rahul showed. It's growing again as we go month-to-month, but it's hard to find that kind of compare between '20 and '19 and '18 and before that. IoT is going to make a significant difference. Digital adoption is going to make a significant difference. And we're seeing customers now really having discussions with us on what can we know when from a data access from a remote from an API perspective. And so we see -- that's why we're running full steam on Otis ONE and really picking up the pace in the second half of the year to make up for the first half, where we didn't have access to all the buildings we needed to install the sensors and the gateway to our cloud. But you're going to see that pick up, and we're going to hit that 100,000 units on Otis ONE throughout the globe in the countries we've identified by year-end. And that is going to drive service quality, absolutely.
Judith Marks: I'm convinced there's pent-up demand. I mean, in the installed base in the segment itself, 5.5 million elevators are over 20 years old and are either in need of aesthetic upgrades or technology insertion and major upgrades and modernization. In EMEA alone, there's 3 million units that are over 20 years old. So every year, they age, they're all getting usage, especially the residential units. And the China modernization opportunity is emerging as well. So I think all of those converge and the challenge is going to be when can -- when does that budget reemerge for the customers to engage? And when do they see this not as discretionary, but really as mandatory for their own usage, for their own technology insertions.
Judith Marks: No, it's clearly gross. It's the margin we take when we record the order. And then everything else we do is obviously to drive that down with productivity offsets and other cost actions.
Judith Marks: We have a desire for M&A, as we've always shared, and it's a matter of the right properties coming up especially to add to our service portfolio in regions where we can achieve the synergies and have the ability to integrate effectively and gain those units on the portfolio. And we continue to look at those niche properties. And as they come up, we've got a deal book that's live and always looking. We think that $50 million a year that we shared at Investor Day is still the right placeholder for us, and we continue to do very small ones that are obviously of some privately held companies that wouldn't show up. Rahul, do you want to...
Judith Marks: Yes. Great working capital this quarter. We're obviously going to keep driving the team to drive that free cash flow. Really pleased with that performance. And obviously, the more we generate in our liquidity situation, we will continue to focus on how we can benefit our shareholders.
Judith Marks: Yes. And we're going to continue that structural focus. As Rahul shared in the comments, we see a 25% to 28% effective tax rate in the midterm, lots of structural activities going on. And we view opportunities to get there over the midterm.
Judith Marks: Well, thanks again, everyone, for joining the call this morning. We remain focused on executing our strategy, managing the risks and driving value for Otis shareholders while supporting our customers and efforts to safely reopen job sites and buildings. I want to once again thank our colleagues for their dedication as well as those on the front line fighting COVID-19. Stay safe and well. Thank you.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, Nigel. So we guided to -- in our prepared remarks, we kind of mentioned that we expect the medium-term tax outlook to be about 25% to 28%. So -- and that is over the next 3 to 4 years. It's not going to be all back end-loaded. We expect measured progress over this time period. We're working on several projects. We're evaluating our entire business and understanding, okay, where should things fit from a right business perspective? And what impact does that have at tax rate? So we're working extremely hard. And I think we've shown good progress since 2019. We are now expecting this year to be about 31.5%, so 3.5% decline over where we were in 2019. So that's really good progress. And then we see a path to between 25% to 28% over the next 3 to 4 years.
Rahul Ghai: No, I think you covered it, Judy. It's -- overall, we've seen -- our proposals are kind of holding through the first half. It's been -- as you would expect, Q2 is a little bit softer. But over the first half, our proposal for holding China activities has been really, really strong, both across infrastructure and the other sectors. And if you look at the market in China, that was up in -- for the first half, it was pretty much up across all sectors, with Q2 being especially strong. So I mean, it's overall, it's an uncertain environment, definitely fluid. But so far, the business seems to be recovering well. And as Judy mentioned, the job sites are coming back, and that's what we're kind of focused on right now, it's just making sure that we are executing in the backlog that we have, and what will drive our revenue in the near term is obviously the backlog, which is good to see that our backlog is actually up 2% year-over-year through the second half. And then as we look forward into 2021, we'll stay focused on maintaining this backlog growth that you've seen, accelerating the pace of conversion from backlog into New Equipment revenue, driving cost out to ensure that we can stay competitive on margins and deliver strong margins. So that's what we are focused on internally.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Southern Europe is definitely doing -- as you know, Southern Europe is definitely a bigger market for us. We are -- we have a #1 positioning in France, Spain and Italy, so we have definitely a strong presence in Southern Europe. But -- and the recovery has been stronger in Northern Europe. Our business in Germany did really well in the second quarter, so that we are seeing the Nordics, the German markets come -- Switzerland, come back strongly, and Southern Europe is a little bit slower, as you would expect, given what you saw happen with the pandemic. So that is definitely the case. But even if you look -- we did provide some color on the overall industry. But if you look at our European business as well, Europe, especially, the fact is that close to 70% of our Europe business in Europe, cumulatively in the EMEA, is residential, so we are a little bit more heavily skewed on the residential side in EMEA versus the rest of the world. So that obviously helps the overall mix and how the various sectors recover. And the residential market matters more to us in Europe and probably in some other parts of the world.
Rahul Ghai: No. So Cai, listen, we are -- again, we gave you the numbers that we are seeing. We saw our booked margin, and Judy repeated this in the response to Nigel's question. I mean, we've seen the pressure, right? It's like the booked margins were down 70 basis points. And you would expect that. I mean, Asia Pacific, given what's happening in India, given what's happening in Southeast Asia and the Indian economy still hasn't opened up. And in terms of units, that's the second largest economy in the world at the elevator market. So it's clearly an issue, right? And we are not hiding from that. And as Judy said, rightfully so, the pricing will depend on the overall macroeconomic environment. But if you go back to right from the Investor Day, what we're seeing and what we did not build into our medium-term outlook that we have provided at Investor Day, we did not build in any margin increase on the New Equipment side of the business. And the reason we did not is we expected the pricing pressures to manifest themselves over this time period.  We did not know that will be the second half of 2020 versus '21, but we knew that they were going to come at some point. And that's why starting last year, we have been so focused on driving material productivity. And we set a target for us for 3% over this medium term every year over the next 3 to 4 years. And if you look at the first half, it's great to see that we've done this now 2 quarters in a row. And that is helping. I mean if you look at our margin trajectory this quarter, and even for the first half, we're basically falling through -- our earnings are falling through at the contribution margin. That means we are able to absorb all the underabsorption, any pricing pressure, bad debt expense, all through our material productivity and cost containment. So we knew it's going to happen. We didn't know when. And I think internally, we were focused on taking costs out. So we'll be with pricing as it happens. And yes, is it worrying? Absolutely, it's worrying. But we are focused on things that we can control and making sure that we don't repeat the mistakes of the past when we gave up share because we didn't want to compete on price. So we'll keep dealing with the pressures as they come in the market.
Rahul Ghai: Well, listen, with the way this industry tracks share, Cai, is based on the number of units in the market. So that's how it's done. And I think everybody pretty much does it the same way. So we define share based on the number of units we booked in the quarter versus what we estimated the markets to be in second quarter versus -- and the first half.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. It does, Steve. So yes, I mean we increased the debt repayment from $250 million to $350 million this year, and we're still holding our long-term total debt repayment to around $500 million. So we did -- we plan to do $350 million this year and $150 million next year.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, I think if you look at Q3 versus Q4, Steve, on the new equipment side, Q4 will be -- we expect Q4 to be marginally stronger than Q3. The activity is still a little bit slow in some of the larger markets in Asia Pac like you mentioned, India, Southeast Asia. And in the U.S., while the job sites are open, the number of COVID-19 cases are still rising, and that sometimes impacts the number of people we have available to a job site, on a job site or certain job sites shut down temporarily. So there's a little bit of still fluidity in the market, but this will be counterbalanced by China, to some extent, because we are catching up in certain areas in China, and we do expect China to be strong in Q3. So overall, maybe on the New Equipment side, slight skew towards Q4. And on the Service side, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our repair activity is still subdued due to the lower building occupancy, some of the buildings are not fully opened yet, and we expect gradual improvement as we go through the year. So on the Service side, we'll definitely have a stronger Q4 than Q3, and that's the higher-margin business. So some of the profit will kind of follow similar trajectory.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. The overall -- for the first half -- so thanks to a couple of points there, Jeff. On the second quarter, our booked margin was down 70 basis points. It's about flat for the first half because if you remember, first quarter, our booked margin was actually up. So if you average the two quarters, it's kind of flat, so on the booked margin side. On the backlog margin, our backlog margin was actually up slightly. So that was good to see that not only that is the backlog up 2%, but the margin in backlog is also up. So that's a good sign for us.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So our plan, Jeff, on the share buyback, our plan was always to start share buyback post-debt repayment. So if you accelerate the debt repayment, share buyback can also get potentially accelerated. But the situation is fluid. Obviously, we're going to watch the overall liquidity in the market. We don't want a repeat of what we saw back in March, April, when the access to CP markets got severely restricted. So we've got a strong credit rating. We're not expecting a repeat of that scenario. But to the extent that the liquidity markets -- the liquidity stays stable in the market and we accelerate our debt repayment, we're absolutely looking at accelerating the share buyback as well.
Rahul Ghai: No, it's nothing -- it's not -- the deleverage part is not the reason why we took our tax rate down from 32% to 31.5%. Part of our reduction from 33% to 32% when we -- that we guided to in Q1 earnings call, that was related to reducing the rate of finding waste, reduce the tax that you need to pay on repatriation of cash. So we worked on that. That led to about a 1 point reduction back in Q1 on the Q1 earnings call. This reduction of 0.5 point has nothing to do with finding out ways to reduce the tax and repatriation of cash. This is more structural.
