Judy Marks: Yes, Jeff, let me take that. So we're doing a low single-digit guide in the Americas, really strong performance this year in the Americas, up 14% in orders roughly and up 14% in sales. So we are capitalizing on the market as it's growing and the indices are all looking really positive, both multifamily, non-resi, whether it's Dodge or ABI, everything is looking good, really heading into '22. Our guide really reflects project timing on several major projects that don't drive revenue until very late in '22. It's going to help us in '23 for these large projects, but it really does drive the majority of the Americas guide.
Judy Marks: Yes, Miguel, this is Judy. I don't -- it's not really a lead time issue. We entered the year with our backlog and our China -- it's really a China discussion here. Our China backlog is up entering '22, and that really supports about two-thirds of our backlog occurs in that next year. So, we're coming in with about two-thirds of the China backlog and the remaining third is book and ship. It's the book and ship where I think we're trying to be prudent, not really watching the trends, understanding whether it's SOE developers or private developers, what's happening. So, we feel that, that is what's going to really drive our '22 performance in China, which gets blended into our Asia number. Orders are really strong, but how that converts and especially the book and shift that is about third of our volume in any given year globally, but especially in China, is our watch item for next year.
Judy Marks: Yes. Let me just add two things, Julian. If you context that the segment is about $650,000 for new equipment in China, even if that down 5% to 10% happens in the segment at the 10% level, we're back to 2020 levels for the China segment. So it's still healthy. We've gained share both for the last two years in China, and the team is performing incredibly well. We actually had record unit orders in 2021. So, we've got momentum with us, but we're trying to be prudent to watch some of the volatility that's happening.
Judy Marks: Yes. I think, Julian, it's an interesting compare when we think about kind of 2020 being a resiliency cost management time during the pandemic, '21 being a recovery year. And then '22, we believe growth will happen but it will be a lower rate than '21, which is really was at a much higher base. The big difference in '22, and we're not going to release our medium-term outlook until Investor Day on the 15th, the big difference in '22 is we are kind of back to our core service growth, 4% to 6% growth, which is supported by the portfolio growing 3%. And as you saw in our guide, that is -- obviously, with 80% of our profit, that's where we're going to have 50 basis points of margin expansion in the Service segment. So new equipment, a little more up and down over the different years, but service is what continues to sustain us and drive us and where we have productivity in both -- but that's really what you're going to see is a little bit of a preview to Investor Day.
Judy Marks: Yes. The other thing, Steve, we're seeing, and we'll show that you see this in our guide for service for '22, but it's going to keep growing as the modernization business. So we show that at 4% to 6% for '22, but we're going in with a 6% backlog there, great orders performance in the fourth quarter, especially in Europe and the Americas where the bulk of that is. So that's going to continue on into '23 as well.
Judy Marks: Yes. And on the service pricing, I'll just amplify a little, I mean, really good performance in Europe, which is where 1.1 million of our 2.1 million units are and the Americas. So, those two make up the bulk of the portfolio, we got a point in '21. We're expecting that much in '22 on price. And Steve, we'll know most of that in the first quarter because that's when most of our renewals happen.
Judy Marks: Yes, there -- it's broad-based, John. Especially this year, we've seen Asia Pacific, especially in both the mature markets. But in India, which is really starting has come back strongly as a large segment. We've seen that come back very nicely in '21 in terms of share gain. And -- but it's broad-based. I would tell you that Europe, obviously, lots of different countries, but Western Europe, we did well. And again, I'd call out some of the ones in Asia-Pac, ex-China. China has done incredibly well.
Judy Marks: Yes. The only other thing I'd add, Cai, is when we look at a broad-based group of developers inside China, we do a significant amount of business in our key accounts with the SOEs and the state-owned property developers who really have stronger financing advantages. They're gaining more share, and as Rahul said, we're managing this -- our China team is managing this on a daily basis with a lot of discipline and rigor. So, we're pleased with our bad debt, how we ended '21, as you said. But we're also understanding and watching closely where the market's going. And when needed, we're moving to all cash prepayments to protect our own balance sheet.
Judy Marks: Yes. So we did 100,000 in 2020. We added another 100,000 in 2021. It will be comparable in '22 as we get to that 60% coverage level in the medium term, and there's good reason for that. Some of it is our portfolio -- our service portfolio is not all Otis units, and we focused -- we started this by focusing on Otis controllers where we had the most knowledge and the best technical solution. We're now expanding that. But there's also some old controllers out there, as many of you know, and some very old elevators that don't make sense to connect. So we think we're on a good path because what it's doing, Cai, is it's driving that stickiness that we want with customers. So it's giving us more productivity, but it's giving our customers real value to be able to see the heartbeat of their elevator and their Otis ONE app, to understand if it's running or not, whether they're on site or not. And so, we think it's really helped our retention rates which now, as Rahul said in his remarks, are over 94%, which is leading in the industry. And it's also helping our conversion rates because -- last year, we entered -- in '21, we introduced our Gen3 portfolio across the globe and Gen360 in certain countries in Europe. And those all come pre-populated when we ship them with Otis ONE out of our factories now, depending on where you are in the world, certain factories. So it's already -- it's leaving the factory with Otis ONE installed. So, our customers are actually seeing the benefit of this during the warranty period, and that's, especially in China, helping us with on both the portfolio growth and the conversion that Rahul talked about, which is now at 45% for the year. So, we moved up 5 points in China on our conversion rate, and that's the stickiness we're getting everywhere in the world. Any time we're more connected with our customers, we get that stickiness, which will, again, have that compounding effort of growing our portfolio. So great productivity for us, which supports our margin drop-throughs and our incrementals, especially on volume and service this year that's driving the 50 basis points of margin expansion. But most importantly, it's getting that loyalty and stickiness.
Judy Marks: Nick, it's absolutely the execution of the strategy that we put in place just before and at spin for our growth in China. We expanded our agents and distributors to give us greater sales coverage and reach. We're now at 2,200. And for those of you who are kind of keeping count by quarter, that's because we're pruning the ones that aren't -- that weren't performing as well. But we think we're at a really good place. We've had growth in the quarter in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. Actually, we've seen it all year in China as well as weak growth in infrastructure and growth in the industrial segments in the fourth quarter, which was really strong. So, we grew sales coverage. That's one piece. The second is we continue to increase our focus on key accounts. And those key accounts want a national provider and they want to keep us for service. That's helping with our conversion rates and our retention rates. And a lot of those key accounts are state-owned enterprises. I know people don't typically think that way, but it's important as we watch what's happening in development in China right now, that we keep that balance between private and SOEs. So we've been able to do that. And then we've just really enhanced our relationships. We've continued to innovate. We brought Gen3 to market in China first in the middle of last year, and we were able to sell in the thousands there. And we expect Gen3 actually globally to be about 20% of our shipped units here in 2022. So, the combination of coverage, focus on key accounts, especially in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities because we were under share there and then bringing innovation and new product to market. And that's been the strategy our team is executing. And we expect continued share growth regardless of if there are headwinds or some fluid situations.
Judy Marks: Yes. And Joel, the only place really we're seeing the intense competition is really in the infrastructure segment. And we get to see that more because most of those are public bids. But those are the volume infrastructure that people are looking at, both in Europe and in Asia. And that's really where we're seeing kind of the more competitive pricing. We're not -- we haven't seen any of the pricing in China to where it went after 2015 with precipitous drops haven't seen any of that yet. It's competitive, as you would expect but really mainly seeing it in the infrastructure segment.
Judy Marks: Thank you, Catherine. So to summarize, 2021 was an excellent year for Otis. We executed on our four strategic pillars, introduced innovative new products, made good progress on our ESG initiatives and demonstrated the strength of our capital management strategy. Our colleagues made all of this possible, delivering for our customers, passengers and communities globally. The fundamentals of Otis and our industry remains strong, and we're well positioned to deliver on our 2022 financial outlook, including high single-digit EPS growth and approximately $1.6 billion in free cash flow. We look forward to speaking with you at our Investor Day on February 15 to share more about our strategy and medium-term growth outlook. Thank you for joining us today. Stay safe and well.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, absolutely. So Jeff, we expect to start the year strong on service growth. Compares are easier. I mean if you go back to Q1 of last year, Q1 was the lowest organic growth quarter in 2021. So compares are easier on service. And our Q1 growth should be more or less consistent with our full year guidance. Some headwinds from costs coming back since we were still dealing with the pandemic last year, but overall, it should be a really, really strong quarter on service. Given the tough organic growth compares on new equipment in the first half, with 25% growth last year in the first half of 2021, new equipment growth will be stronger in the second half. And also commodity headwinds will predominantly be a first half phenomenon. So, the first half of 2022, new equipment could look like Q4 of 2021 on a year-over-year basis. But sequentially, we do expect Q1 of '22 will be stronger than Q4 of '21 and on both profit and margin. And then, Q2 will show improvement over Q1. So, we expect continued sequential improvement in our new equipment business. The FX headwind will also be a first half issue. Keep in mind, euro was about 1.20 in the first half of '21 and is now trading at 1.11, 1.12 levels. Our guide for the year is 1.12. So, it's -- there's a headwind in the first half. And as we go into the second half on FX, the compares get much easier. So if we put all of this together, we faced some pressure on new equipment, organic growth, commodities, some FX headwinds. But the first half profit growth in Service segment should more or less offset that. And we expect to grow profit kind of in line with our revenue growth in the first half and EPS will improve year-over-year as well.
Rahul Ghai: So let me just put a couple of numbers on this, Miguel, just to add to what Judy said. So if you start with our Asia backlog that we said is up 5%. And within that, Asia Pac backlog is up high single digit, and China, as Judy said, is up, call it, 3%. And just to reiterate what her point about 60% to 65% of our in-year business is driven by backlog. So for China, backlog is up 3%, and that's two-third of our revenue, that should drive about 2% growth in the China business. And if the in-year book and ship is flat, right, so that's the way to think about it, now our guidance for China is that China would be down -- it would be flat to down 3%. So despite the overall higher starting backlog, which implies the year book and ship to be down between 5% to 10%, right, on the remaining, that third to 40% of the revenue. And that's largely in line with what Judy commented on the prepared remarks on the China market. Now there's a chart in the appendix that has a 2021 orders in China versus the market and our orders out through the market by, call it 2x. And if you can replicate that performance in '22, that would be an upside to this outlook. But it's early in the year and the China market is very fluid. So, we are just being very appropriately prudent at this stage in our guidance.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. I think that's what I said kind of in response to Jeff's question. On new equipment, absolutely, I mean the commodity headwinds, we're calling for about $90 million. Most of that is going to be in the first half. We have some commodity headwind kind of dialed into the second half just given the volatility that was there last year. But if the commodity headwinds -- the commodity prices continue to go the way they're going, commodity could be a little bit less of a headwind. But right now, we've kind of dialed in $90 million. And again, that's -- given the fact that the growth is going to be a little slower in the first half versus the second half, commodity headwinds being a largely first half issue, we do expect our new equipment margins to be slightly challenged to the first half and then with the improvement in the second half of the year. And overall, as I said, to Jeff's question, we do expect that our profit growth will be in line with our revenue growth in the first half, right? So, we don't expect margins to shrink in the first half of the year because of the service growth.
Rahul Ghai: So, we'll be about -- we are not getting below two by the end of the year. I think we're getting to 2.1 by the end of the year. So -- but again, I think we are -- we feel very, very comfortable with our debt levels. We are -- of the $500 million of deleveraging, we've already done $400 million. We've got $100 million to go. And depending on when we can repatriate the cash back to the U.S. and we will start our share buyback. So that's what we've guided to is, the fact that we will recommence share buyback once our debt repayment is complete. So that's on track. And so, once we get a little bit more clarity on the repatriation of cash, we'll provide additional guidance on share buyback for the year.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So Julian, good morning. And just to clarify what I said earlier, maybe we expect our China revenue -- new equipment revenue to be down to be flat to down 3%. So that's the revenue growth expectation on the new equipment side for China, so flat to down 3%. We're going with a higher starting backlog and the backlog is up about 3%. So that should support what my comment was that, that should -- if the book and ship business for the year is flat year-over-year, that will drive about a 2% growth, considering the backlog is about two-third of the revenue. Now if our guide is flat to down 3%, that would imply that the book and ship business is down kind of, call it, 5% to 10%, right, at the higher end or the lower end of the guidance, which is kind of in line with the overall market is what we are saying. Now again, just to repeat what I said earlier, we have done a lot better in China on orders in 2021. And we are almost at 2x the level of market growth. So, that -- we have not factored that in into this guide. So hopefully, if we can do a little bit better in orders than the market, that should drive some upside. In terms of the first half, second half, listen, the market is going to be a little bit softer in the first half. Again, part of that is just the compares, because the market was very, very strong in the first half. It was up about 16% through the first nine months of the year and ended about -- and was about flat for the fourth quarter. So the market is definitely stronger in the first half last year. So that should drive some tougher compares into '22. And I think our order trends are obviously going to mirror that a little bit.
Rahul Ghai: And keep in mind, Julian, we grew 50 -- 30 basis points of margin in '21 after absorbing 50 basis points of mix headwinds because new equipment grew much faster.
Rahul Ghai: Right. So that's where -- so adjusted for mix, margins were up kind of 80 basis points in the year. So definitely, we are tracking to that 30 basis points that we guided at Investor Day.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, the quarterly order trend is just hard to predict, Steve. By just nature, the orders are lumpy, right? So, that's…
Rahul Ghai: So the orders are lumpy. So it's hard to call out any given quarter. But clearly, as we said earlier, the orders grew really strongly throughout. And I think there's page in the back up that kind of -- that has the China orders. So if you go back and look at kind of our overall China goes up kind of 2x, and obviously with stronger growth, a much stronger growth in the first half. And Q4 was still up year-over-year not as strongly in the first half, but we still outgrew the market even in the fourth quarter. So the compares to the first half are definitely stronger. But as you project forward and you think about, okay, what do we need to drive sustainable growth, China is one factor, and that's clearly important. But keep in mind the rest of our business is growing is in very, very solid growth market. So, if you look at Americas, EMEA, Asia Pac and that is about two/third of our new equipment business. So that obviously is a very strong growth market. So that should help as we go beyond 2022. So, that's kind of one. And then obviously, the second part about this is that the point that Judy made earlier on the Americas backlog, that should help with '23 as well because some of the orders that we are not shipping in '22, those should ship in '23. So that should help '23 as well. So overall, we feel confident that we can continue to drive new equipment up kind of in that low single-digit growth range, which was kind of in line with the medium-term expectations. So that is -- we stand by that, and I think, obviously, more to come on Investor Day. And then obviously, to make the point further, with service growing kind of 4% to 6% this year and at a very sustainable level, that should continue to drive the profit growth into '23.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, a lot of that, Steve. I mean if you look at kind of if you look at our profit guide, it's largely a volume story. But we have commodity headwinds of $90 million that we are largely offsetting through our productivity initiatives on the new equipment side. Overall, on the pricing side of new equipment, the margin drag that we have from backlog margins being down, is being offset by in-year pricing improvement. So that helps. But we offset the commodity headwinds by productivity actions on both material and installation. And on the Service side, we didn't -- we are not talking about wage inflation headwinds into our guide because the productivity that we are driving in the service side is offsetting that. And Service profit is driven by volume and pricing, right, which was up 1% last year and is obviously trending in our favor.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, it's a good question, Cai. And I mean if you look at our overall China business, we have done really well. I mean our cash flow in China was very strong. Open order was well above 2020 levels. We've been -- and a lot of that is working capital. I mean receivables are up, kind of, call it, less than 10% on 25% revenue growth in China. So, our China business did really, really well on cash management. But having said all that, obviously, the situation needs to be managed very carefully, and we're dealing with on a customer-by-customer basis. As the chart in the back says, only 2% of our customers in China that are in the orange or the red line category or other credit risk, and we've tightened the terms where the situation is warranted, but we don't feel we need to make any wholesale changes there. And if you look on a company overall for 2021, our bad debt expense in '21 was actually lower than our bad debt expense in 2020 despite 9% higher revenue. So we manage the situation well, and we'll definitely keep an eye out for '22.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. That's hard to say, I think exactly. I mean we'll have others report as well. What we really know well is how the market grew and how we grew against that. So that data is published. We have some external agencies that kind of track that. So, we know our performance well. I think as other companies reported, there will be a little bit more clarity on that, but it's hard to say exactly what's -- where the share gain is coming from.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. My comment, Joel, was with regard to new equipment pricing. And it was marginally better than what we had expected. Asia, where the -- to the booking time frame is short, we saw a meaningful improvement on our booked margin trends, both versus last year, and we saw sequential improvement versus the last quarter as well. So that is where a lot of the improvement in the quarter came from. EMEA was largely flat over last year. Americas margins were down year-over-year. Part of that was mix in the orders. Well, we did not expect any improvement in Americas, so Q1 of next year, given the course to the order cycle. And -- but we did see sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4 and the year-over-year trends, and that's encouraging, and we expect additional improvements as we go into Q1 of '22. So, that is where -- that was the overall flavor on the books margin trends. And then service pricing, as you said, that was up a lot of point in the quarter largely driven by Americas and EMEA.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So what we -- for China, China market was stronger than what we had anticipated all through '21. We started the year in '21 thinking the market's going to be up kind of mid-single digits. It was up 10% as now we're saying, even going into Q4, we thought the market would be down but it ended up being flat. So the market continued to surprise us on the upside. So -- and if you look at some of the underlying trends in the China market, the floor space under construction was up 5% in '21. It's about 8% above 2019. The real estate investment was up in the year as well in 2021. So that was up about 4%. And historically, these trends have a high degree of correlation. But where the weakness, it comes from, Joel, is if you look at the new starts, they were down about 11% in 2021. So that is where -- so the real estate investment is up. Floor space under construction is up but the bookings starts are lower. And that is where I think it's good to guide it, the fact like and that's what everything that we're reading in the market is the market could be down. So, I think we're guiding to 5% to 10% down. Obviously, that is still a fluid situation. We are seeing the support from government starting to kick in, both from the central government and from the local governments, central government in the form of mortgage losing, some flexibility around the three red line policy increase in money supply. So, all those things are happening, and even with the local governments that rely on land sales, for a big portion of the budgets, we're seeing some support from them as well. So, we're kind of seeing a mixed picture, but I think it's good to say it's down 5 to 10, calibrate our revenue accordingly. And then if it's better, that's a lot better situation to be and then be surprised on the downside.
