Judy Marks: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We hope everyone listening is safe and well. Starting with Q3 highlights on Slide 3. Otis delivered a solid third quarter and strong year-to-date results, especially considering the macro headwinds we're facing. We grew organic sales, expanded margins and achieved mid-single-digit adjusted EPS growth, all largely driven by strong performance of our resilient service business. By executing our strategy, we continue to set ourselves up for the future. This quarter, we demonstrated that performance through accelerating maintenance portfolio growth, which was up 3.8% in the quarter, growing modernization backlog 7% and gaining about one point of New Equipment share year-to-date, with share about flat in the quarter. Year-to-date, the New Equipment market was down mid-single digits, driven by China, which was down about 15%. In the Americas, we are honored to be selected for a modernization project at the iconic Space Needle in Seattle. Otis installed the original elevator in the early 1960s and has been maintaining the units ever since. We will now modernize the Landmarks 3 elevators, including introducing new technologies such as custom design cabs and Compass 360. In Suzhou, part of the Greater Shanghai Metropolitan area, the urban rail network is being expanded once again with the support of Otis. The new Line 8 will be served by nearly 140 Otis escalators and 38 Gen 3 and SkyRise elevators when it begins operations in late 2024. In London, Otis was selected to help modernize an office block into a modern mixed-use development that strives to be the first net zero carbon-enabled office development in London. Otis will provide vertical transportation solutions, including several escalators and elevators equipped with Compass 360 destination dispatching to allow tenants and visitors seamless and efficient access to the buildings floors. And lastly, in Korea, we're extending an over 30-year relationship with GS Engineering & Construction to provide more than 55 elevators to the [indiscernible] Apartment Complex. These units will be outfitted with ReGen Drive technology, helping to maximize energy efficiency for the elevator serving 1,500 apartments in the complex. Year-to-date, free cash flow conversion was 106% of GAAP net income, and we kept our capital allocation plans on track with another $300 million of share repurchases in the quarter, completing the $700 million in repurchases we had planned for 2022. With a quarter to go, we feel confident in our cash flow outlook and are increasing our full-year share repurchase outlook to $850 million. And we continue to drive important ESG initiatives, a key priority for Otis. This quarter, our efforts resulted in achieving a gold rating with EcoVadis. Now moving to Slide 4, Q3 results and 2022 outlook. New Equipment orders were down 0.8% at constant currency in the third quarter. Excluding China, orders were up 7.4% with growth in all regions. On a rolling 12-month basis, total Otis orders were up 7.6%. Organic sales were up 0.8%, and adjusted operating profit was up $35 million at constant currency with 60 basis points of margin expansion driven by segment mix and strong performance in the Service business. In the quarter, we generated $215 million of free cash flow, which was down versus prior year, driven by an increase in inventory to support backlog conversion and the timing of supplier payments. This brings us to $1 billion year-to-date with 106% conversion of GAAP net income. Looking ahead to our 2022 outlook. We're revising our full-year outlook and now expect organic sales growth of 2% to 2.5%, with net sales in the range of $13.4 million to $13.5 billion. Adjusted operating profit is expected to be approximately $2.1 billion, up $120 million to $140 million, excluding the impacts from foreign exchange. After approximately $175 million in headwinds from foreign exchange translation, adjusted operating profit at actual currency is expected to be down $35 million to $55 million. Adjusted EPS is expected in the range of $3.11 to $3.15, up 5% to 7% versus the prior-year. Lastly, we still expect free cash flow to be robust between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion or approximately 125% conversion of GAAP net income. We will remain disciplined and balanced on our capital allocation, advancing our bolt-on M&A strategy where it makes sense and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases expected to be $850 million versus the $700 million target announced previously. With that, I'll turn it over to Anurag to walk through our Q3 results in more detail.
Judy Marks: Nigel, it's Judy. Good morning. So it is primarily the U.S. It's not rate driven. It really is availability of construction labor outside of the elevator part. We're feeling very confident in our ability to be at job sites at the right time. We recognize we're in the critical path, but it's all the other trades from getting the hoistway poured to really just directing the building. So that's really what we're seeing, and it's a delay, it's a slowdown, but it's not going to go away. The buildings are going to get built, but it's going to move some revenue into '23 even from the fourth quarter. So we're watching that carefully. There's really no unique vertical that, that's happening. The verticals are really still strong. And if you look at ABI is at 51 7, Dodge construction starts. The biggest growth we're seeing is in multifamily residential. And year-to-date, Dodge construction starts for multifamily residential is up 28%. So demand is still strong. Orders are strong, 24.3% year-to-date in the Americas, and we're just seeing a little bit of delay in terms of being able to deliver and record that revenue.
Judy Marks: Yes. Nigel, just one other thing. What I watch is that early trend as well. And we were up two points in the second quarter on New Equipment pricing and now four points this quarter. As a long cycle, it's going to take some time to get through the backlog, but it's going to come through. In terms of commodities flipping, really the only place we've seen that significantly already is China. And I would say Europe is a question mark there in terms of -- because of energy prices and everything else going on. But we would welcome commodities coming down as soon as possible, and you'll see that flow through. That again, during our long cycle, gives us the opportunity to drive material productivity, supply chain, everything in our backlog.
Judy Marks: Jeff, the challenge is this would be the third or fourth year of discretionary. So all of a sudden, there's modernization projects, especially the ones that are technology insertion versus just aesthetics have really started coming to the forefront. 7 million of the units in the world are over 20 years old. So it's a huge mod market, and the team really delivered 18% up in orders, year-to-date up 6.5%. We got a 7% backlog. So I actually think we're seeing the pent-up demand. And again, for those who don't modernize, and the elevators will tend to break down, especially 20 years old, more frequently, which drives our repair business. And between that and just people returning to office, hotels, our repair business is up really nicely.
Judy Marks: Yes, let me start with that one. So Service pricing in general, just for -- we know, like-for-like pricing increased three points. In the third quarter it was very solid and really was strongest in the developed mature markets globally where the majority of our portfolio resides. So that hits right to the heart of your question, Julian, in terms of really how is Europe doing on service pricing. The majority of renewals are pretty much up. When you think about how the year rolls out, our largest renewals happened in the first quarter and then over time. So we should finish the year with that like-for-like pricing, especially in Europe. We do have inflationary clauses. Most of them tied to labor, especially in Europe and North America. So we have the ability to raise prices again when the new year starts. And what encourages me is that it will be indexed based on '21 -- '22 inflation this year when we start '23. So the inflation indices will be even higher. And now it's up to us to go get that because it's in our contracts and our sales teams are trained to do that. So we've been offsetting the labor inflation is the labor inflation, as you can see, even in Europe based on the margin expansion we've had. On the general macroeconomics in Europe, so far, I got to tell you, especially on the New Equipment side, it looks good in '22. Orders are up this quarter 11%, 10.3% for the 12-month roll. We're watching the headwinds, but building permits are still holding. So we haven't seen that change. And so our goal, again, is to gain share and build backlog, and that's exactly what Bernardo and our EMEA team have been doing. On your last part about comparing to 13 or 14 years ago, it's a very different time now. Back then, we were 10 points differentiation between ourselves and our closest OEM maintenance service providers in terms of margins. And that was what was driving the Otis machine at the time. Right now, we're much closer, very close, pricing is rational. There's not an oversupply of labor like we experienced after the '08 financial crisis and all those New Equipment installers became ISPs, and there wasn't a technology like Otis ONE that gives us that advanced stickiness that customers are really believing in now and seeing and it's giving us productivity. So it's a different world, and I think our performance over the last 10 or 11 quarters shows that.
Judy Marks: Yes. So really strong orders year-to-date. I mean I love what we've been doing, and it's been -- it's really been kind of fulsome across Americas, EMEA and Asia. Obviously, China orders are down as the segment is down. We're not losing share there. We were flattish this year, Steve. But we've got 12% backlog right now on New Equipment orders, and we're doing mod orders or mod backlog is almost 7%. So that's strong as we've had in a really long time. Orders are -- they're going to be lumpy. We had a great mod orders quarter. This quarter we expect mod to continue to be strong now in the whole medium-term forecast, a medium-term guide. But they will -- there's times that New Equipment orders with major projects will get lumpy. But I would say kind of watch where we end the year, be it now at 12%, where we've gotten to on backlog conversion, we should be really strong going into '23. I'm feeling pretty good about line of sight for '23. We know the backlog on the New Equipment side. We'll know the backlog on mod. And our service portfolio is -- yes, so I would -- if you were going to calibrate backlog for fourth quarter -- as we exit fourth quarter, I think high single-digit. I think you could feel good doing that. But then on the Service side, repair is up, mod is up, and maintenance is up because our portfolio is up 3.8% last quarter. It was just under 3.5% the quarter before. We hope and plan for that to start with a 4% when we talk to you the next time. And that volume is driving -- is going to drive really good backlog in service.
Judy Marks: Yes. Steve, the only other thing I'd add is we are watching labor inflation. I think in our case, the great news is more than half of our field workforce is covered by collective bargaining. We shared that we do have a new agreement here with the International Union of Elevator Constructors, the multi-employer union in the U.S. that goes into effect in January. So we've got five years of predictability here. It was a fair agreement, and it looks very similar to the last five years. And with a little increase as it should as is appropriate. But we've got predictability. So now it comes back to us to be able to offset that with price and productivity. And we're watching labor in Europe. We've got some more negotiations coming up. But again, we will [Technical Difficulty] that. Our backlog, it takes that 12-plus months to work its way through in most countries. So we know what we need to do in terms of productivity and price to offset that. The last part of labor we're watching, just for you to know is or to be aware of are the subcontractors, mainly on the -- they're on the installation side outside the U.S. in several countries. And we've got to offset those increases with price and productivity. We know what we need to do.
Judy Marks: Yes. John, as part of our customer focus, we understand we are in the critical path of every new construction job. That hoistway has to go in. And one of our differentiators in the market is general contractors know we will deliver on time. And to do that, we increased inventory. We locked in some suppliers just to make sure we would have that ability. I probably would have liked some better backlog conversion, if you ask me. But we'll get there and -- but we just needed to make sure we weren't going to let a job site or a customer fail on the New Equipment side.
Judy Marks: Yes, so it's a variety of reasons. You've called out a few. The other one I would add would be is part of return to office. People are trying to make the offices more attractive as well, especially those that -- again, there are so many buildings where the elevators are over 20 years old. So now that really people have choices, they want to create a more engaging workplace. They want people to come in. We're seeing it really across the board. Some of its pent-up demand, some of it's delayed, some of it's just dramatic need. But the rest is by choice, and we think that's going to continue.
Judy Marks: Yes, I think we're going to see it get better, Joe. I think it's absolutely correlated to employment in the rest of the trades. And as things change in the global -- in the economy in the U.S., we're starting to see it get better. But again, it's job by job, and it's local. Construction is local everywhere. So there's no national provider like someone like us in all the other trades that come together to build a building. We anticipate it improving, and we anticipate better backlog conversion from our Americas team, especially in North America. We're watching the same trends you are, but we expect that. And we haven't seen the indicators change yet. I mean the billing -- Architect's Billing Index is still over 50, and Dodge is still up. So will it be at the -- will the new starts be at the same amazing rate we've had probably for the last couple of years? Probably not at the same great rate, but it will be at a good rate. And we've got really good share there and team -- our team will deliver.
Judy Marks: Yes, Joe, I hope you saw our sustained zealous approach to reducing G&A down 90 bps in this quarter. Anurag's come on board and he is looking, together, we are looking, but he is certainly taking a hard look at G&A structure, what do we need especially in corporate functions. So I'll turn it over to him to talk about fourth quarter, but know that everything that can be contained is being contained in terms of cost without risking investment for our future.
Judy Marks: Yes. It will be a service play, Gautam, next year. As we said in our medium-term guidance. And I think in year one, since we did the Investor Day just this past February, I think we've proven that.
Judy Marks: Yes, we think it looks like it looked this quarter, which will be relatively flat kind of neutral. That will certainly be what we do. We're not seeing irrational pricing, and we get to see it on the infrastructure, their public bids. And so we think it will be flat.
Judy Marks: Yes. The largest growth we're seeing, and I think I mentioned this, it's our fifth consecutive quarter in China with mid-teens plus growth. So that's the largest followed by Asia Pacific, but all four regions are growing. But those two are the biggest hitters in terms of growth rates.
Judy Marks: Yes. So when you think about -- so yes, it's both -- it's our field workforce. So to me, field is -- there's -- we have 41,000 field professionals. Some are in New Equipment, the majority are in Service because we do use subcontractors to help us with installations in parts of the world. It's clearly collective bargaining works councils is clearly the way we do business in Europe. We have had a unionized workforce in the United States for a long time, think about Korea, Japan. So it's the field workforce. And in many locations, it's our factory workforces as well, as well as some of our professionals. It really depends on the country. And we have -- I think we have been operating under this for so many decades to us, it's the way we go-to-market and it's the way we lead our company, it's the way our colleagues show up for work every day. So it's very normal for us. We understand the headwinds when they happen and when we understand the opportunities when they happen, and we believe we give 68,000 colleagues a great place to work and a great career.
Judy Marks: So again, we only use them in countries where it makes sense to us. We do have thousands of our own installers and all of our supervisors who are on the job sites are Otis colleagues. The majority of where we use them, as you can imagine, is China, Asia and Europe, and it gives us flexibility in terms of surge because New Equipment has more variability as we've seen over the past few years significantly than the service business. So it gives us the opportunity to manage and lead our workforce while being able to provide solutions. Anurag, anything you want to...
Judy Marks: Yes, a non-extension of us, Joel. They really -- they take our -- they -- our ethics, our safety program, our methods, our tools, you won't know the difference. The challenge we have, which our teams are dealing very well with is ensuring we have a robust available workforce at a good price, and that includes these subcontractors.
Judy Marks: Thank you, Norma, and thank you all for joining us today. This solid year-to-date performance, the advancement of our long-term strategy and continued growth in New Equipment backlog and maintenance portfolio units positions us well to deliver on our 2022 outlook and build on that in '23 and beyond. Thank you for joining us. Stay safe and well.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thanks for the question. So yes, the price increase, firstly, it's coming through on the backlog margins, as I mentioned, right? So this quarter, we did see the backlog margins kind of flattish sequentially relative to -- sorry, VPY, it was kind of flattish. Now I'm talking about flowing it through. If you look at the third quarter on the New Equipment side, the flow-through to the bottom line, it was essentially volume. So we have about $100 million VPY in terms of decline in terms of revenue and $20 million of that should flow through to the bottom line. And that is what the VPY is on the New Equipment side. So we're kind of hitting the price cost neutrality in the quarter itself, right? So -- and as backlog margins improve from now to the end of the year, we should see that expansion coming into 2023 as well.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. Thanks, Judy. I mean, overall, we feel very good about the market over there. In terms of the backlog, today, Jeff, right, so as Judy said in the prepared comments, we're up 12% on the backlog. And China is slightly up as well relative to last year. So we have a good line of sight over the next few quarters, not only in China and the other regions for the backlog. As you are aware, two-thirds of our revenue for next year will come from the ending backlog. So given where we are today and the pipeline that we have seen on the new order side, good line of sight to convert that into shipment next year.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thanks, Julian. This is Anurag here. Let me answer the second question first. On the channel, the rate of decline is actually reducing in the fourth quarter. You're right, it was double-digit in the third quarter, but we see it to be low single-digit in the fourth quarter, right? Now going back to -- on the fourth quarter, where you see the margin is essentially on the New Equipment side of the business, right? If you go back to the past few years, seasonally, Q4 has been a lower margin for us. We've been around the 5% so margin level. And that is the big difference between the year-to-date run rate on New Equipment margin versus the fourth quarter. And when we gave guidance in July, at that point in time, that was calibrated. We said that the guidance margin for the second half of the year for New Equipment would be closer to 6.2%. I mean, clearly -- and that was assuming that China would kind of return back to more normal times. But as you can see in our guide, the revenue is down by about $100 million, largely because of China, and that flows through at 20% -- $20 million. So if that has flown through to the bottom line, it would have been a 50 basis points margin degradation from 6.2% to 5.7%. But through productivity to other cost containment, we were able to mitigate it and get it back to 6%. And clearly, a lot of it was overdriven in the third quarter, both in terms of closeout, in terms of productivity, in terms of cost containment. As we go into the fourth quarter, in terms of volume, in terms of our commodities, that is pretty much constant run rate where we see a little bit is on the regional mix, and that kind of makes the margin go down. Having said that, we'll continue to work on the SG&A side of productivity, and it was a little bit more upside on New Equipment. We'll kind of drive that through. So that is the big one. And lastly is just FX, right? We had a $50 million FX headwind in the third quarter. That steps up to about $67 million, $68 million that $17 million, $18 million. So it's between New Equipment and FX, which is kind of causing the Q4 versus Q3 margins.
Anurag Maheshwari: Hey, good morning, John, Anurag here. So just on cash flow, as you kind of think about going forward, we will grow cash pretty much with earnings, right, as to where -- and that should be the biggest driver of cash flow. Now to your second question. Yes, we -- if you look at this quarter, quarter three, we used about $150 million of cash, and it was around three different buckets. The first bucket was getting ready to execute, second was around receivables, and third was around a timing between cash and book taxes. So on the first part, we have -- our backlog is up 12%. We need to be in a position to deliver product and execute on time. So to do that, we built up some inventory, prepaid certain suppliers to lock in price as well as critical supply, right? On the second on receivables, the modernization grew a little bit more faster, which comes in with more back-end payment and also because of the delays in projects moving to the right, there was a few New Equipment collections. And on tax, we've done a very good job, as you saw in the second quarter on bringing the tax rate down. There's just some timing difference between cash and book taxes. So these three things should more or less unwind in the fourth quarter. So as we get into fourth quarter, so which is why we will get to the $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion guide. So they should unwind. So as we look into next year, it should be mainly earnings, which should be driving the free cash flow growth.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes and if I could just add to that. I mean, we see all these underlying secular drivers being very strong. And if you look at the sites, they are actually started gradually opening up. Our guidance for the full-year still remains what was as per the prior guide, which is flat on New Equipment for Americas, so sometime in Q3 and Q4. So we should see Q4 as kind of a turning point as we convert this backlog into revenue. So you should start seeing indicators starting in Q4 itself.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thanks, Judy. Absolutely. I mean, cost is something we control. We will continue to take a look at it. On the Service margin side, if you look at quarter three, we grew 50 basis points. Year-to-date on service, we are growing at 50 basis points. There's really good performance in terms of pricing for sure, in terms of productivity, in terms of cost. So that's kind of what got us to a very good performance in Q3. We see similar performance in Q4 as well. We'll be at similar margins of 23.9%, 24%, 50 basis points more than last year, right? We will see some catch-up on the cost side because we did contain it very closely in the third quarter. There will be some part of it was permanent, part of it was temporary that we contained. There'll be some snapback in Q4, but we'll continue to look at that. And that should be a tailwind as we enter into the fourth quarter. But just on the Service side, I think the trend, if you look at revenue growth and margin expansion, it is pretty linear through the course of the year, and you expect to see the same in the fourth quarter.
Anurag Maheshwari: Hey Gautam, yes, it's -- listen, it's going to be positive. I mean our medium-term guidance, what we said is Service should be up 40 to 50 basis points, right? This year, we have 50 basis points. We've increased price managed, inflation managed, wage costs, as Judy earlier spoke about, be it in Americas and other places. As we go into next year, I think we feel good about being on track for the medium-term guidance in terms of expansion of margins. And we're expanding margins, but also modernization business growing at a faster clip, right, which is a headwind to the overall margin on the service business. So we'll give more specificity as we get into the January, February call for the guidance for next year, but continue to kind of see that margin expansion trajectory that we are on today.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. And Gautam, just to add, in the quarter, even the market being down, we are very happy with the way it is right now, price cost. And if that continues, it's going to be very positive for us.
Anurag Maheshwari: I think you said it, Judy. I mean these are the markets where we work with subcontractors. We work through this year as well. I mean they are also seeing inflation, but we work on installation productivity with them, right, how we can reduce the hours that it takes to install an elevator? We'll continue doing that, but they've been great partners for us in these regions and we'll continue to be so. So net-net, if you look at New Equipment for next year, both on the top-line as well as on the bottom line, it should do better than the medium-term guidance that we set up.
