Anurag Maheshwari: Hey, thanks, Nigel, for the question. I guess the first one is what we've done is we just tightened the new equipment margin to 20 basis points. So, as you noted, right, we haven't changed our sales outlook for new equipment. But within that, China, which we thought was going to be flattish for the year, is going to be down low-single digits. And as you're aware, China is a higher new equipment profit margin market, but we're able to offset that with definitely better commodity tailwinds, initially we were expecting about $25 million, $30 million, now about $40 million. Pricing, definitely in the second half is going to be better than the first half. You put the two together, I think we tightened to about 20 -- which more than offset China, so which is why we tightened to 20 basis points on the new equipment side.
Anurag Maheshwari: Absolutely. Thanks, Judy. Even if we assume there is no orders growth, we would expect our backlog to be up low-single digit by the end of the year. And the reason for that, Julian, is because we tend to book more orders in any given year than we ship as some of the orders are larger projects and multi-year in nature. So clearly, I mean, it's not a right analogy, but if you look at our book-to-bill, it's definitely been far higher than 1. So, we booked definitely more orders than we ship over year. Well, let's even if -- assume if conditions worsen from here and there is a new equipment orders even slightly decline to even mid-single digit, I think we will end the year with backlog at least being higher. More importantly, if you look at our backlog mix today, in Americas, it's still fairly high, which is a multiyear backlog that we have. Asia Pacific is fairly good. And that should convert into revenues next year, where China being the highest book-to-ship. So, it gives us kind of confidence as we go into next year to see our new equipment revenue growing in line of medium-term guidance.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. So, if you kind of look at the second half of the year, for the first six months, we did about $1.72 of EPS, which means $1.76 in the back half, and I think it's pretty equally split between Q3 and Q4, Julian, in terms of our EPS split. If you look at new equipment, and I'll just start with new equipment and go on to service, we expect about 3%-ish growth in the second half of the year. I think it should be kind of equal between the two quarters around that. We're going to see commodity tailwind pricing at the tune of about $30 million, $40 million. Obviously, a little bit of that is more towards Q4 than Q3, but the margin rate, which should be above 7%, should be between -- in Q3, Q4 should be no difference between that. Now, if you look at the service, we're doing $40 million, $50 million of operating profit increase every quarter. We expect that again in Q3 and Q4. Maintenance continues to do well with the pricing as well as the portfolio growth and we're converting the mod backlog. So, I think we're in a pretty good run rate over there. And obviously, there's a little bit more of corporate expense headwind in Q3 versus Q4. So, you put all puts and takes over there, I think the cadence between Q3, Q4 from an EPS perspective should be pretty similar.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes, it's -- I mean, with orders being down, obviously, the some -- if orders were to be down -- firstly, we're not saying orders are going to be down in the second half of the year, obviously, it will come with lower advance payments for sure. However, as you can -- we've built up a fair amount of receivables in the first because of the higher revenue and that should kind of unwind into the second half of the year, right? So from a cash perspective, I think we will be fine over there, Steve.
Anurag Maheshwari: Great. So, if you look at -- let me start with the second quarter first now. On the new equipment side, we saw about $5 million of pricing coming through to the bottom-line, and which was encouraging. We did expect more of it to come in the second half. And in the second half, we expect about $20 million of that to come through. So, if you look back now, it's been six consecutive quarters of price increases that we've done, and our backlog margin is up by over 100 basis points today. And if we kind of go through the course -- by the end of the year, we should see that backlog margin tick up a little bit more as we flush out some of the older orders with the older prices and the new -- and this mid-single digit price increase continues. If that happens, every 100 basis points of backlog price increase should go to about 50 basis points or about $30 million, $40 million for next year. So, we should kind of see that come through more next year. So, I think we're just beginning to see the price of new equipment coming into the revenue and that should tick up for the next few quarters.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. Just a couple of points to add over there. I think the team has really executed very well on the repair side. I mean, after two years of double-digit growth, as we entered this year, we thought that repair would be a low-single digit growth. So, if you look at our outperformance on the service business, I think it's largely because of repair. Our maintenance portfolio is growing at 4.2%. We have price on a like-to-like basis of 4%. If you adjust for mix and churn, it's 200 basis points and maybe maintenance is more than high-single digits. So, repair is definitely growing double digit in the first half of the year. And it's not only because of coming back to work, just executing on a very good strategy over there. On the second half, the reason you see a step down in the service revenue is because maintenance continues to grow at the same clip, modernization backlog converts, as we're just assuming repair is going to be flattish. Now, we may be a little bit cautious over there. If we continue to execute well, there could be a little bit more upside in the second half of the year.
Anurag Maheshwari: A great question, Josh. And I think you answered it, it's a bit of everything, right? So, if you kind of look at our mod business, just to level set everyone, firstly, it is our lowest margin segment today even relative to new equipment and, obviously, repair and maintenance. But as we standardize the products, as we build scale, and as we kind of get a more sustained go-to-market strategy, we're already seeing those margins pick up because we're getting scale. So we are fairly confident that the trajectory that we are on right now that you should see mod margins pick up over the next six to nine months, and we will take the new equipment margin as well. So, it's on a good track right now.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. exactly. I mean we are still seeing mid-single digit price increases in EMEA and Americas and low- to mid-single digit in Asia. Now, if commodity costs do come down and material productivity comes down, you could see a little bit more pricing coming down. But the key metric here is price-cost. And I think we're going to be neutral or positive, as of now, we are, and let's see how this trend continues. But so far, it seems quite rational.
Judy Marks: But let me take that. First and foremost, I think it's really important for people to understand why we're doing this now, and then I'll get to kind of where the cost takeout is going to be, which is mainly in G&A. So, it will be additive to our other productivity initiatives as well as our modernization growth. But where it comes from is, we spun a little over three-plus years ago. And since that time, the team and our colleagues, I mean, tremendous thanks to them, we've gained share in new equipment, we've driven growth, expanded operating profit margins, we've returned $1 billion in cash to our shareholders, and quarter-after-quarter, we've executed our strategy and performed. And I think it's important to know that we're approaching UpLift from a position of strength. I think it's incumbent on leaders to prepare the company, to take us to the next level. And that's what we're doing as an executive leadership team across the company. So, we're going to focus really on three areas. The operating model itself to give us more speed and agility. We're tremendously distributed organization with our 1,400 branch offices, serving our customers globally. We want that speed and agility to be more customer-centric. We're going to streamline processes, that's going to be extremely important. I think it's something we've learned coming out of spin and now through performance that we can be more consistent geographically and we can streamline our processes from financial processes all the way through to really how we sell to customers, and we're looking forward to that. And the third element is taking advantage of our scale and acting as an enterprise and implementing some pretty significant focus on supply chain and especially indirect. So, you add those three together, it adds up to the $150 million we're going to return, which is predominantly through G&A. Again, it's additive to what we're doing. Anything above that we generate, we are planning on reinvesting in our business to give us new capabilities, new competencies, to continue to invest in innovation. We brought more products to market since spin than we have for many years. We're going to continue to do that as we create the connected Otis of the future and take us to the next level.
Judy Marks: Yes, even in EMEA, Julian, our backlog is up modestly both versus last year and versus last quarter. So, we're really -- we're watching the backlog closely. We've always shared with our shareholders that you should watch us at year-end, it's the best indicator for our next year in terms of top-line and bottom-line. And that's -- we expect this year to be no different.
Judy Marks: Yes, let me try and address kind of multiple items there. First, let me start with the service business. This was the eighth straight quarter we had mid- to high-teens portfolio growth in China. And Sally Loh now leads our China organization, and she is really been driving that. We are now at 350,000 units on our portfolio in China, which is a pretty big step up from when we made this commitment to grow our service business. And it is driving returns and we're increasing the conversion rates as we go. Our China, even though, the segment was down 10% in the second quarter, Steve, we were down 5%. So, yet another quarter of market share gain in new equipment, which bodes well for the two-year warranty and then for the conversions for us as well. Because even though there may be less units, our strategy to open service depots, to have the ability to drive the service conversion, shipping Gen3s with Otis ONE connected is -- at the same time, we're accelerating our conversion rates versus what we had traditionally had in the past. So, even if the volume goes down a little, our rates will offset that. So that doesn't really get me concerned. In terms of what we really changed in the second half, it was -- we had expected things to tick up, especially on the book-and-bill business -- book-and-ship business, excuse me. And as we exited the second half, we just hadn't seen the momentum. Now like you, we've heard out of Monday out of the [indiscernible] a different tone. We have to see what that translates to. I'm cautiously optimistic that once that tone is set from Beijing. There is positive potential that -- especially in the larger tier cities really starts happening and sentiment changes. But our outlook did not assume that. If and when that happens, again being cautiously optimistic, obviously, we're prepared for it. We've got the capacity, we've got the sales channel, and we've got the product and innovation to be able to deliver as soon as that picks up. The state-owned enterprises are still doing well. They're still growing. They are buying the land, and that's why again, we think we've done really well with our strategy on key accounts and growing share.
Judy Marks: Yes, Jeff. Listen, we really pleased with mod and how it's developing. And I think it's something -- I know it's something we're going to be talking about for many quarters to come as we've added it actually as a fifth strategic imperative at our company just last month or in May and very much focused on making it more like our new equipment business, which means you're going to see margins expand even though right now it's dilutive in the service segment. So, pleased with the quarter. Again, our fourth consecutive quarter of orders up over 10%, strong backlog. I would call, Asia as the standout in mod. We had great volume and some major projects in Asia Pacific in the quarter, Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, India. And China is on a highly accelerating path due to their MX volume or MX mod product we have, and you're going to continue to see that grow as units continue to age in China. So, we're optimistic about mod. As I said in the last call, we're going to approach it by taking everything we've learned in new equipment and service and making it more production-ready versus custom. And I think that's going to benefit us in terms of margin expansion as we drive more revenue through it. Once we do a mod, our ability to retain that and put that -- keep that on Otis service is in the high 90%-s. So, much more significant than the conversion rates even than our industry-leading retention rate. So that's why mod is important to us. It not only gives us additional customer intimacy, both for the units that were on our portfolio, it lets us bring other units back to our portfolio, drives great customer value, energy efficiency, gets them ready for another multiple years, especially as you think about all the buildings now that are being repurposed. There's a huge amount opportunity for us as well with the offices changing to multi-use. So, mod is going to be something we talk about for a while going -- for almost consistently now every quarter, and you're going to see us continue to deliver on that, both in the orders, the backlog and then, most importantly, starting that service clock all over again.
Judy Marks: Yes, Nick, good to hear from you. Hey, we don't disclose the difference between maintenance and repair. Really strong repair this quarter. And we keep waiting for the quarter where it's going to slow down. When you go back probably six quarters, we saw a bounce back when office use started picking up post COVID, because we had a little bit of a downturn in the early COVID days. So, it's been a good strong six to eight quarters. But again, as people potentially put off some discretionary mod decisions, your units are still aging and need even more repair. So, really pleased with repair globally. It was strong in every region. And we're not sure how long this can keep up. So, we think we've got it tuned appropriately in the outlook, but I'll let Anurag talk to that from an outlook perspective.
Judy Marks: Yes. We're really pleased. The Otis ONE units are making a difference. We are shipping all of our Gen3s with Otis ONE and our new Gen3 Core will have that in North America, the new product we announced this quarter. We're driving a much larger volume of Otis ONE this year because of all the shipments that are happening and because of all the conversions in China that are happening. So, where in the past, we would tell you about $100,000 a year, that number is going to be up significantly more in 2023, which is what continues us along that journey in our medium-term guide. Right now, we've got over 800,000 of our units connected, in general, more than just Otis ONE, but now Otis ONE is picking up a bigger proportion of that. And you'll see far more than 100,000 units this year connecting. It is making a difference. If you look at China alone, I would tell you it's the part of their significant service productivity, the majority of that is being driven by Otis ONE. Our running on arrivals are down across the globe, and that we are getting -- any time we have a connected product, our ability not just to convert, but to retain that especially from the ISPs, who really -- they don't want to come into an Otis elevator that's got an eView screen and figure out how to maintain that, and they can't offer that same connectivity. So, we provide all those numbers on an annual basis. We'll do that in fourth quarter, but it is an integral part of our strategy. It is working. It's helping us with service pricing. And as Anurag said on service pricing, like-for-like, we're up 4 points. So, we're up from last year. And honestly, I've got to give EMEA incredible kudos. They're up mid-single digits this year in service pricing. And Bernardo and the team there are doing a great job on that. But a big part of that's being connected. I was in Portugal a few weeks ago with our team, more than half of their portfolios connected and their service margins are outstanding. So, it makes a difference. Our strategy, again, to define that connection versus having people -- customers opt in from a subscription, we're getting subscription services too. But again, we chose to invest the CapEx and we chose how we were going to deploy Otis ONE, and I would tell you, you're seeing it in our service margins.
Judy Marks: Yes. No, fair question, Josh. Listen, we call them key accounts, which are the large developers. Our team has continued to develop those key accounts. And as a matter of fact, our portion of national or key accounts that are now state-owned enterprises is significantly larger than the private developers. So that's really making a difference for us. The Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities continue to outperform not just the segment, but also outperform for Otis versus the lower-tier cities. But in the lower tier cities, it was volume for us. And our team performed pretty well. As you look at the second quarter, the positive segments in China were the same as the first quarter, infrastructure and industrial, and the weakness was more in resi and commercial. But I think we -- I like the strategy we're on, again, having those state-owned enterprises. And then we're seeing what's going to happen again with the government policy, with the tone that's being set, and then how these policy eases, whether it's mortgages, lending rates, or again, houses -- just the whole philosophy of housing is for living versus investment. That phrase was no longer used on Monday after many years. So, we're watching it carefully. We think we've got the right tuning for the second half if there is an upturn with either stimulus or just sentiment helping on volumes, we're ready and you'll see it flow through.
Judy Marks: Yes. So, let me just touch on a few at the top level. Supply chain is improving, and you're seeing that come through with the volumes we're being able to ship, and that's been helpful. As Anurag said in his opening remarks, commodities are improving as well. We had about a $15 million tailwind in the second quarter, and we've upped our outlook for commodities as well. So, price is up, commodities is up, supply chain is improving, that's all fairly positive. Our backlog, again, is at a record. And we -- it really will see us through 2024 with some certainty, with probably the question mark being on China, and when China bounces back and/or at what level. Our China team has done an incredible job on material productivity. And even though pricing is extremely competitive in China, we have hit at least price-cost neutral, the price-cost is slightly positive in China through the first half of the year. So that's going to -- if the market doesn't change and there's no stimulus, we'll adapt and continue to change our cost structure. If it does come back, we're ready.
Judy Marks: So China pricing is very competitive, but no one has yet taken it down to being unrealistic or undisciplined. So it is the most challenging place for us to get price, and I think that's -- you see that market wide. Everywhere else in the matured and the emerging markets, we're seeing good price, and we're seeing rational competitors doing the same things.
Judy Marks: Yes. So, decommits don't really happen based on kind of non-refundable deposits in our business. So, people don't double order and there's not a lot -- we do measure jobs that -- and we keep a careful eye on jobs that decommit. It's a very small low-single digit at most percentage globally of the 10,000 installations that are going on somewhere in the world every day. Are there times -- and we experienced this in the past where there have been some labor challenges from other trades and jobs have slowed down, that seems to have gone away in the Americas. So, we're not seeing that stretch out. So, we either see it got them at the beginning when we've done a proposal, we've been verbally awarded, but it doesn't go to a booking when we get that deposit because of potentially rates and things like that, and we're watching that carefully as well. I think it's too early for us to talk about '24 pricing. We're going to focus on the second half and keep building our backlog strong and executing on that backlog.
Judy Marks: Thanks, Liz. Our results in the first half reflect the continued execution of our strategy as we remain focused on ensuring we continue delivering value for our shareholders in the balance of 2023 and beyond. Thank you all for joining the call today, and please stay safe and well.
