Judy Marks: Yes, happy to, Jeff. Let me start with the Americas. So we now believe the new equipment market in the Americas is going to be down mid-teens, and we're really seeing that with the highest impact being the interest rates remaining high. It really is impacting new project starts. We've seen that in the most recent ABI and Dodge data. So we're watching that closely. I would tell you the residential, it performed the worst in the third quarter, followed by commercial not being great and infrastructure for the quarter being relatively flat. We expect infrastructure to pick up, you know, as we go into ‘24. We tend to see that a little later in the cycle versus the early construction companies with all the infrastructure activity that's starting. What I do like about the Americas beyond their performance, and they really had a strong performance in terms of backlog conversion, is we still have strong mid-single-digit backlog on new equipment. That puts us in a really good position, not just for the fourth quarter, but I would tell you with our cycle time in the Americas, it gives us really good line of sight for the next 12 to 18 months, especially in North America, which is the majority of our Americas business. So we'll wait and see what happens with interest rates. If this does become the new normal, we think people will adjust because housing demand is real. It's still there. So we have to wait and see where this equilibrium is going come out with the developers and when they go ahead with projects. We're not seeing a decline in terms of interest or proposals, so we really, at this point, it's about people having conviction to start the projects from a development perspective. In China, the new equipment market does remain somewhat weak, and it's worse than we saw it a quarter ago when we told you we didn't see that inflection point for book and ship. We're now saying it's really down. You know, the China market itself is really down north of 10%. So we are continuing to focus on our pivot in China. And you know, I couldn't be more proud of our team in China in terms of what we've done on the maintenance side to offset this, as well as really how we've managed material productivity to be able to drive that cost price neutral scenario in China. We have picked up share in China for the year and so we will continue even though the backlog is down, our team is continuing to fight for all units and execute our strategy which has been in play, which is focusing on key accounts, mainly state-owned enterprises and continuing new product introduction and expansion on Otis ONE. So our Mod is up in China for the fifth straight quarter, sorry, for this year it's up double-digits, so for all year. We've had the ninth straight quarter in China on the service side of mid to high-teens service growth. So we're finding a nice place there in terms of this pivot to becoming more of a service provider. But new equipment is our highest margin in China and I think what you see with the results is despite China being down, our other three regions really picked it up nicely for us to be able to hold margins at 7% on new equipment for the quarter and to grow organically 1% even with China down fairly significantly. So we'll wait and see what happens in terms of stimulus. Obviously, we've seen certain actions already in China in terms of easing monetary support, postponing property taxes, loosening credit policy for mortgages, but we really do -- are watching sentiment and liquidity. Those are the two items that we're watching.
Judy Marks: Yes, there is no impact in Q3. We just, early days for us, we've kicked off the key activities, including the operating model, a lot of education inside the company, and a lot of focus now on process redesign and indirect spend. You'll see that start coming through slightly in Q4, but 2024 is when you'll really start seeing that impact and then we'll achieve the run rate. We're very comfortable with all the analysis we've done, as well as some of the decisions we've taken already that the $150 million is absolutely achievable.
Judy Marks: Well, we're not going to guide yet for ‘24 uplift savings. So we just need to be, yes, we're not prepared to do that yet. We'll get back to you, obviously, when we do our ‘24 guide to let you know what's going to be in that late January. In terms of restructuring, I think we've been…
Judy Marks: Yes, Julian, on the second question where you're talking about wages and inflation, inflation on the service side, while we have had wage inflation, you know, we know we need to offset that with productivity, and what we've been doing with price has been fairly significant. We have another quarter where our service pricing, like-for-like is up 4 points, and with inflation staying pretty high, especially in EMEA and in the Americas, we should be able to as we negotiate the majority of our maintenance contracts, you know, first, second quarter next year, which are mainly backward looking for this year's inflation, we expect to be able to get price again at levels comparable to that for 2024. We have line of sight now, the majority of our ‘23 maintenance contracts are in the books, as our commodity prices and everything else as we go with 2.5 months left to go now. So we're actually feeling pretty good about service pricing for next year and price cost. And we've negotiated with the majority of our collective bargaining across the globe. Most of our mechanics are represented. And I think, I know we've treated them fairly and we're able to recover that in both price and productivity.
Judy Marks: Yes, Joe, we would tell you that, you know, if you go back to peak years in China, we probably peaked the segment, peaked new equipment at about 650,000 units. That's been coming down now for the past two years, and we're at about 450,000 currently for this year. Still 450,000 of the 850,000 global units. So still a large healthy market. And 450,000 you'd probably have to go back to 2018-ish timeframe to where we had, you know, obviously pre-COVID to having a market like this. And so we still think it's a very attractive market. We've gained share there this year as we look in China and we will continue to execute our strategies of our agents and distributors being our partners, which we now have about 2,350 agents and distributors, more than twice since we spun. We focus on our key accounts. And we've also really focused on the Tier cities that are having an impact. So if you look at the third quarter, Tier 1 cities, Beijing, Shanghai had the best market segments. And then, you know, obviously it trailed off as you got all the way to Tier 5. So we've adjusted our strategy. That's why our agents and distributors are so helpful, as well as our internal sales folks that support them. The key accounts, again, those relationships are strong, and they are yielding for us.
Judy Marks: Yes, I think you're going to, I mean, orders are lumpy, kind of, across the board for both modernization and new equipment. And I would argue share is also, kind of, hard to measure on a quarterly basis and something more you'd like to do on an annual level when you really have some fidelity in the information. I can't comment on what our competitors are doing, but I can tell you that, you know, we're, again, our China team is executing our strategy. In a down market, you know, our China team has both driven cost out in terms of material productivity. So that, again, if you look at and you step back, you know, we're driving growth in all lines of business in Otis, especially in service. We're seeing good growth in three regions outside of China. But our China team has really in despite a tough macro environment on new equipment, has really now added this service component, which now we're at 365,000 units in our portfolio in China, more than double from when we spun. And our China modernization business has grown double-digits this year. So we're finding we're moving Mod into the factory, so we're optimizing the cost basis there, and you're going to see that modernization business really in China, as well as globally take off. And for us, we need to watch that mix. That's what Anurag commented on for fourth quarter for service margins. But we think, we know it's actually worth getting that modernization business, because it will bring more units to our portfolio. So we're going to end this year at 2.3 million units in our portfolio. And when you think about 1% portfolio growth throughout the decade before we spun, and now us, four straight quarters over 4%, we're going to end this year at 2.3 million units. And that is the strongest, but it's still at 2.3 million units of a $21 million, $22 million segment leaves us lots of room for growth. And that's why we're convinced the service-driven growth strategy globally is the right answer for us and our shareholders.
Judy Marks: Yes, and for any of our customers listening, Steve, I think it's important they know that when they need a repair, we do the repair. And then we make sure we bill and follow-up to collect. And that's really what happens in that repair world. We know customers, if they've got an elevator down, we're going to get them back up.
Judy Marks: Yes, so I mean, that multifamily was our, from a market perspective, a segment perspective, was the worst performing in the U.S. this past quarter. Now, it's down off record highs for multiple years, and there's still demand for it, but we're just seeing the developers slow down on the start button, which is when we get those advances that Anurag was talking about in his cash answer. So we'll wait and see. If rates stay where they are, you know, developers will figure out the math for this because demand is still there for housing. So, you know, we're in a wait and see, but our backlog in especially in North America is strong mid-single-digit, including a lot of multifamily in the backlog. So we're going to keep performing, and then our team will drive the orders as they come.
Judy Marks: Well, your hypothesis that most of our modernization is on non-Otis equipment in China is accurate. But remember, our China market share is or our share of segment in service is pretty low, because 75% of all the units in China are maintained by ISPs. So I wouldn't specifically say it's, you know, some of the units we're getting back, our Otis units that are not on portfolio. Many are non-Otis units, but they're not necessarily, you know, Japanese or European. I can't comment on who they are. What we've done is we've created very innovative packages to be able to put our hardware on non-Otis equipment to modernize it, to add new technology, and then to convert it into our portfolio.
Judy Marks: So we will share our statistics at our fourth quarter earnings. We do that on an annual basis, but there's no significant changes that we've seen, but we'll share that next quarter.
Judy Marks: Yes, thank you, Michelle. Our service-driven business model is working as we approach 2.3 million units in our portfolio by year-end with the compounding lifetime value of each additional unit. Year-to-date results are indicative of the strength of our strategy as we continue to prioritize value creation for our shareholders for the remainder of 2023 and beyond. Thank you for joining us today. Stay safe and well.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes, so on price cost as you mentioned Nigel, we are, you know, either neutral or positive right? In China definitely pricing the new equipment side is coming down, but we are driving hard on material productivity, and the -- it's a deflationary economy over there as well. So a combination of that and this pricing discipline in the market, you put all of that together. Right now, price cost is favorable, and we are able to offset the China mix as you saw in third quarter with a new equipment margin being at 7.2%. And even if you look at the fourth quarter implied outlook its -- new equipment margin is going to be about 7%, even though China is going to be down. So and a couple of reasons one is obviously the price cost in China. Second, pricing in all the other markets that has gone up over the past 12, 15-months, which is in our backlog, has started flushing through to the P&L. We again saw this quarter another $10 million pick up of pricing. We're going to see that similar in the next quarter, and commodities are tailwind. So if I look at pricing in the backlog overall, which is probably up 50 basis points to 70 basis points, and if we snap the line on commodity today, right, we should still see another $40 million or so tailwind next year. You add these two things together, I think it more than kind of makes up for the China mix for us to believe that a new equipment is at a sustainable margin rate.
Anurag Maheshwari: Exactly. So first is, you know, program's off to a great start, as Judy mentioned. We'll give an update next year. In terms of to achieve the $150 million of savings, the restructuring cost is about $150 million. It's a one-on-one, right? It's going to start this quarter, but obviously we're going to start seeing the savings coming in next year.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. Hey, thanks for the question, Julian. Yes, so firstly, you know, our backlog is up 2% right now on the new equipment side. We do think that even if orders are down low to mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter, our backlog is going to be flattish to slightly up. And the reason is because we tend to book more orders than revenue over the past couple of years, some of them being major projects. So our assumption is that backlogs should be flattish to up by end of the year. Now within that, America's, Europe, and Asia Pacific, if you put that together, that backlog is up low to mid-single-digit. And that represents roughly about two-thirds of a new equipment revenue. So that should be kind of up low to mid-single-digit next year, let's say low-single-digit. The big variable, of course, is one-third of the revenue, which is China. Right now China backlog is down low-single-digit. It could be down mid-single-digit by end of the year. And what happens to the market over there? It could be flattish, it could be down 10%, it could be up, right? So that we do not know as to where that's going to happen. But let's assume that the market goes down next year and then China is probably down 5%. So that would mean that our new equipment revenue could be flattish. So -- but if I put things in a perspective, it could be flattish, it could be up 2%, it could be down 2%. But 2% or 3% of new equipment revenue is about a couple of $100 million of revenue. And if we look at our margin, it's about $14 million, $15 million, $18 million of profit, so it's just $0.02 or $0.03 of EPS. If you look at what we did this year, we more than overcame that through the service business, which is why we, you know, our guide bent up every quarter because of lack of service. So we think we should be able to make that up next year through our service business.
Anurag Maheshwari: Oh, absolutely. So I'll break it up into two separate questions over here. So first is, yes, the guide implies 24% margin for service in the fourth quarter, which is eventually down 80 basis points, but we're going to exit the year at what we guided for the full-year, which is 24%. It's a very healthy margin rate. It's from last year where we actually, it's a tough compare because last year we grew margins by 60 basis points, 70 basis points in the same quarter. And the reason there's a difference between the 24.8% and 24% is largely two things. It's the mix, we -- I mean, we are very encouraged. I mean, the performance in third quarter margin was fantastic. I mean, if you look at the portfolio maintenance side, portfolio is growing, pricing is sticking, we are flushing more backlog into revenue, and the repair business, which we thought after two years of very high growth was going to slow down, is not, and it's because of the strategy of the team of penetrating more of the portfolio, and that mix was high in the third quarter and obviously productivity which helped us get to the 24.8%. The big difference between Q3 and Q4 is now we're assuming that repair to be flattish in the fourth quarter and Mod growing double-digit. So that is a mixed impact which is leading for the margins to be lower, but net-net, we're exiting the year at what we guided, so feel pretty good about it on the service side.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes, absolutely. If you look at a backlog, it is significantly more than a 12-month revenue, because we got major projects in there. We have other kind of long-tailed projects as well. But very specifically, the reason why I said earlier we have confidence of America and Europe, kind of, growing low-single-digit next year is the back half -- even if we snap the line today, we have very high visibility of that converting. We enter any political year with 80%, 90% of America's and EMEA revenue coming out of backlog. Followed by that is Asia-Pacific Ex-China, which is probably a little bit lower, depending upon the geography mix, but that backlog is up very healthy. It's probably double-digit up, right? Then China is the only one where we have higher book-and-ship. So when we enter the year, I would say two-thirds of that revenue probably comes from the backlog and a third comes from the book-in-ship, which is why for three out of four regions, we feel it's low-single-digit growth for next year. China is the only variable that we need to see how the next few month’s go.
Anurag Maheshwari: Oh yes, absolutely. It's two weeks, okay, So firstly on cash we are at about $934 million. We got $550 million and I guess your question is tweaking it to the low-end of the guidance is two reasons; one is clearly lower down payments, because of new equipment orders which have been a little bit lower. But second is also a repair business which has grown very, we started this year would be low-single-digit repair. It's growing at a very good rate. Great for sales, great for profit on the P&L side, but we do get paid after we complete our work, so it's a little bit of a receivable drag. I think it's a combination of these two reasons why you see a little bit of a tweak in the cash flow guide.
Anurag Maheshwari: There's no reset because, I mean, at the two -- with the new, lower -- definitely lower orders, but also we're executing on high backlogs. All these will normalize and the repair revenue will also, kind of, we start converting more into cash. So I don't think there's any reason for us to reset the target, yes.
Anurag Maheshwari: Yes. So, yes, listen. Let's start with Europe where we got about half of our portfolio over there. Inflation is still pretty high in Europe, not as high as last year, but not too far off from there. And most of our contracts are right now in negotiation and they're obviously linked to an index. So we feel pretty good about the pricing increase in Europe next year. It could be around the mid-single-digit level again, so that's really encouraging. Inflation in America is also not coming down to a great extent, so we should see that. So these two definitely give us confidence on our pricing going up. The rest of Asia has always been a low to mid-single-digit price increase. That will continue. And China, I think, as I mentioned earlier, there is more price discipline, but it's never been a price escalator market on the service side. So put all of that together, it gives us confidence there's going to be another good price increase next year on top of our portfolio growth, which should mean that our maintenance business should grow mid-single-digit plus.
