Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. So to close, how do we see 2015? While market conditions are far from ideal across our industry, I am convinced that the balance of our diversified portfolio, coupled with the continuous improvement in how we bring all of Willis to benefit our plans, will drive future growth. This growth may not be evenly spread across all our businesses every quarter. But overall, we have enough growth engines to drive mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. I note, once again, that we're progressing nicely in our expense management initiatives. We finally lapped the investments we made in late 2013. We have made good progress on our Operational Improvement Program, finding ourselves slightly ahead of schedule on most metrics. That gives us all confidence about our ability to achieve the expected results.  We will provide you with a full update on progress on that program with our second quarter 2015 results in July. And during 2015, you should see our acquisitions delivering more to our results. In that context, as you know, by the end of April, we need to make a decision about whether we intend to exercise our option to buy the remaining 70% of Gras Savoye we do not own. Gras Savoye has franchises in France, Belgium, Eastern Europe and Africa with, as you have seen from our Associates line, improving results in 2014. It is a potentially significant and differentiating addition to the Willis family. We will update you on our deliberations on that possibility towards the end of April. So all in all, notwithstanding some challenging market conditions and the fact that performance won't be even across every quarter, I am excited that the 3 elements of our value creation plan will work well in the full year 2015.  Let me go over the 3 components again. First, to drive organic profit growth. During the year, we expect to see mid-single-digit revenue growth despite the challenges in some of our markets and improvements in our organic margin. Second, invest strategically and in a disciplined manner in specialized businesses. For the year, we expect to see our existing larger acquisitions, Charles Monat, Max Matthiessen, and for part of the year, Miller, to deliver between $55 million and $65 million of EBITDA to the group's results. And third, continue to implement our Operational Improvement Program. Recall that on an earlier slide, we reported that we expect to achieve at least $60 million of in-year savings in 2015. We will update you on that figure in July. At this time, however, we expect that by the end of 2015, we will have completed projects associated with the program that on a full year run rate basis, will deliver over $150 million of savings. That is half of our original projected $300 million of savings.  Now, far from all of that $150 million will impact 2015, as many of these projects only lead to changes in our cost base towards the end of the year or into early 2016. But overall, we believe the impact of our organic cost management actions, combined with the impact in 2015 of our Operational Improvement Program, will allow us to deliver at least 130 basis points gap between organic revenue and organic cost growth in 2015, with more of that spread coming in the second half of the year than the first. Together, these 3 elements of our value creation strategy will drive growth in earnings, improve our margins and increase our cash flow. All, ultimately, to drive shareholder value. With that, I would turn it over to you for questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, certainly, I mean, we -- certainly, not to predict the interest rate environment, but I think that most people presume that interest rates would be low. So we continue to believe that our interest income, which in previous years way back in time, was an important part of the P&L, would be a very low number. We have -- obviously, interest rates can also, in some ways, affect things like pension valuations, so we factored all that in. We know what that might do.  As to the strong dollar, obviously, our underlying numbers, the numbers that we often have you focus on, we strip out the impact of FX changes year-to-year and -- because sometimes they hurt us, sometimes they don't hurt us. So all in all, when we look at how our underlying EPS will perform, we've factored in all the things you talk about into how we see 2015. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, absolutely. We are very excited about both those things, the strategic opportunity in the wholesale market in London, and the way in which we have structured this to retain the attractiveness, the talent going into Miller. I'm going to have Steve Hearn provide a bit more background about how we see this. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I can give you some generic view. We could -- we've been saying, Sarah, for some time that we see the portfolio of businesses we have being able to deliver mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. And I think we made very clear how we see, at least, the early views on the North American business. We continue to believe we have a very strong North American business, and we're very comfortable with the pipelines, momentum we have in that business.  You've seen how International has now performed over prolonged period of time, both -- it benefits from both the quality of our teams and their ability to win market share and some underlying growth in some of the markets. The combination have been highly effective.  And as you've seen, we've announced a restructuring of a group into 4 segments going forward. And so we have a slight change in configuration on what used to be called Global. And we think that more management focus on different parts of Global, combined with the unwinding of some turnaround activity we've had in the last 18 months, particularly in our U.K. business, gives us some confidence that we'll see growth there too.  But I would reiterate, Sarah, what we've said again and again, and I said on my call, it is the diversified nature of our growth engines which gives us confidence that, through the quarters, we will deliver mid-single-digit on net organic revenue growth. Some parts will be up more than others in any particular quarter. But over the course of the year, we are confident of where we are. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, obviously, our 130 basis point margin -- or not margin, it would be the gap between revenue growth and cost growth organically that we're forecasting for 2015, is a mix of how we see revenues developing, how we see our normal organic expense management initiatives and the flow-through of the Operational Improvement Program during the course of the year. That's why we have confidence in that number.  Now, if you were to tell me that our revenue growth was to fall well below the range of mid-single-digits we're talking about into something that you can no longer call mid-single-digits, clearly, that number would be -- start to be challenged, but I think we would continue to believe we will produce the spread. But if you drive the revenues way, way down in any model you have, of course, you'll get less of the spread. We don't see it that way. We don't see it that way at all. And we're very comfortable with what we're saying. 
Dominic Casserley: No, we -- Jay, we're forecasting our spread over the course of the year. I've said it will be more oriented towards the second half of the year, but clearly, our expectation is we'll produce a positive spread each quarter. But it's very much going to be the overall number you're going to see in 2015 will be more weighted towards spread performance in the second half of the year. 
Dominic Casserley: Pretty much, but that's the plan. So we set -- what we do, Jay, is every year, we look at -- I say every year, now we're now into the second year of doing this, we look at the share options exercised during the course of the year. So in this case, during the course of 2014. And we're now buying back enough to offset that. 
Dominic Casserley: These are real changes to the quantitive results of the firm, right? So these are real changes to the actual numbers of people in organization, so we're -- they're out. And that's why we're saying that the impact of our actions in 2015, you will see more of the impact of those in the second half of the year because, obviously, they only flow through the P&L when we've stopped paying people, or they -- or the roles have been moved to a lower cost location and the roles that existed in the high cost locations are no longer being paid for. 
Dominic Casserley: And we said, I think in my opening remarks, that the cost savings we saw this year of $11 million, the annualized rate of those was $34 million, right? So that -- that's, I think, a clear way of thinking about what impact is. 
Dominic Casserley: Do you want -- so the global perspective. So I think the question in there was were the restructuring efforts anything to do with the economic performance in the quarter. And no is the emphatic to answer to that. It didn't drive a downturn in our revenue at all. And again, like Todd, we see the restructuring as a positive enabler for us as a business, not an impediment.  There are 2 bits to Global. Firstly, the reinsurance business, which is Global. And as you've seen, the firm again, had a very, very good strong quarter and particularly relative to its competitors and the headwinds that challenged it. Our U.K. Insurance business, as we've talked about before, is a sum of its parts. So there's some things in there that performed very well in the quarter, some which didn't do quite so well, and some which really struggled both in the quarter and through the years. So it's a number of different things driving the quarter's result. But certainly, not resulting from the restructuring efforts. 
Dominic Casserley: That is right. The Operational Improvement Program is focused on what we're calling the mid and back office activities. And it's -- you've heard us describe the program, but the movement of staff is around people in those roles. 
Dominic Casserley: So we're obviously taking a buffer in there for how we think the year will turn out in terms of performance. But there is, obviously, as we said all along, Willis is a growth business. We have significant growth opportunities around world. And so we -- you should not imagine that because we're focused on expense management, we aren't also focused on taking advantage of revenue opportunities in markets like China, Latin America, just 2 examples.  So we are investing against our growth opportunities. But broadly, we're very comfortable with where we see the combination of all those things turning out in terms of our results and the spread we can achieve in 2015, and our continued ability to invest behind revenue-producing opportunities for '15, '16 and beyond. 
Dominic Casserley: No, no, no. Our math show that we're still achieving an organic spread without the restructuring program. 
Dominic Casserley: We can go back to you, Bob. We said -- I think what we think what the EBITDA impact in 2015 of these acquisitions will be, right? And we can't give you the exact minority number against Miller because we haven't closed the transaction and there are lots of moving parts between it, as John explained. 
Dominic Casserley: So, Bob, the reason we've done this is that if you will remember that about 18 months ago, we had an investor conference and gave medium-term guidance on revenues and what we saw in terms of between the spread between our revenues and costs. We've been very clear that in 2014 that we did pretty well on the revenue target, we did -- certainly did not do so well on the gap between revenues and costs. And therefore, this time, we thought it was important that our markets and investors understood what -- how we saw 2015, specifically operating on that margin spread given what we've said 18 months ago.  As to the second part of your question, as to confidence, we wouldn't have said it if we weren't confident. 
Dominic Casserley: That -- what we were clearly not be doing, Bob, is giving quarterly guidance. And we will -- when we get to this call next year, we'll decide what we want to do in terms of, again, reassuring people about how we see the 2 key components of organic performance, which are how we see revenue growth and how we see the spread between our revenues and costs. But we are definitely not getting into the game of quarterly guidance. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, at the moment, we've just set a policy, Mike, which is about offsetting that effect of share option issuance. That's how we set our buyback, that's how we're going to manage it for 2015.  So we're offsetting the '14 issuance in '15. We're going to monitor what happens in '15 in terms of how much we have. And then, we'll make another decision at the end of the year. But we made clear now, it's -- you can say it's only 2 years, we've made clear that our ingoing starting approach is that we at least be to offset that impact on the share count. 
Dominic Casserley: Let me give -- while John thinks about that, let me give you some overalls. So 2013 was an unusual year for Gras Savoye. They were doing their Operational Improvement Program, if you like -- or the first levels of it. And those costs ran through all the numbers in 2013. A little bit into 2014, but mainly in 2013. So we had some delta and that program, therefore, didn't affect the numbers very much in 2014.  But nevertheless, the underlying performance of the business did improve and has been improving, and we feel good about that in terms of... 
Dominic Casserley: Its contributions to us. So that's in terms of the underlying what's going on.  Now I think we have John to think about FX here. 
Dominic Casserley: And I'll remind you that the present structure is for us not to close that transaction until the summer of 2016. So we're looking quite far out at this point in terms of the hedge we'd have to do. 
Dominic Casserley: No. As I've said very clearly, I think, a number of times, we see the combination of our portfolio delivering that growth. You saw in the fourth quarter how it was quite uneven, but we delivered mid-single-digit. And we think, during the course of the year, the portfolio will continue to perform strongly in that mid-single-digit range quarter-to-quarter, some will be up more than others.  Often, as you know, the comparison can be simply relating to a particularly strong or a particularly less strong quarter can affect the percentage delta. So again, I would have you focus on the portfolio and how it's going to perform. 
Dominic Casserley: So that's why we are very comfortable in thinking through our ability to absorb the Miller payments and continue to do the share repurchases during 2015 with some call maybe upon our revolver, but not having to issue more debt, so that's how we're comfortable there. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, so honestly, it depends when we close exactly how much of it will come from Miller. But the combination of the continuation of Charles Monat, Max Matthiessen, some smaller deals, I think will continue to be the majority in 2015. 
Dominic Casserley: It depends what you want to model, I think. So let me tell you how we think about this to help you think about it. Obviously, why we've given you more transparency this time around is to help -- is to make sure you see more clearly how our organic business is performing and be very much, when we're doing our additional planning, we look at our organic business for the coming year and how we'd see that performing, okay? So we're interested, obviously, in how we see that model approval [ph]. Then we lay on top of that, acquisitions and how we see that -- they impact. And then, we think through what's the impact of the Operational Improvement Program in year because, as we said to you, when the impact of the Operational Improvement Program actually hits the numbers depends on, frankly, timing of when projects are finished, when people actually move, when the people actually leave the organization.  So we think through those components. And so we have an organic view of the firm, and then we have, if you like, an underlying view of the firm, which relates to these various things. And that's how we model it, and we're obviously interested in driving EBITDA coming out of all of those different ways of looking at the company and the margin in both of them. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, yes. So the -- when we said that revenues will grow faster than expense growth by 130 basis points, that is -- and we said that's organic revenues, and the impact of organic expense actions, and the impact of the Operational Improvement Program in 2015. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. We look forward to talking to you again at the end of our first quarter. Thanks very much. 
John Greene: Dominic, if I can add, in terms of FX, we do see a little bit of headwind from the strong dollar. So if currency rates were to remain exactly where they are as of the end of the year, we would probably have something in the neighborhood of $0.03 to $0.07 worth of pressure on EPS from a reported standpoint.  Now that will be uneven in the year. The first portion would be -- or the most predominant portion would be in the first half of the year, and then the impacts would tail out towards the second half. 
John Greene: Yes. So I'll take that one, Dominic. So we'll see amortization, without Miller, of just about where we were in 2014. So we're expecting a mild uptick to maybe $57 million worth of amortization without Miller. And then, in my comments, I talked about the impact of the amortization on a EPS standpoint with and without the amortization. So those figures, you can calculate those on the back of the envelope.  Quite honestly, the transaction is subject to final closing. And as Steve alluded to, and I talked about in my comments, the movement of businesses from Willis into Miller, and some businesses from Miller into Willis, will create a little bit of challenge in terms of trying to provide you with specific number on amortization at this point. We also have a final balance sheet true-up that is yet to be calculated.  So I would stick with the guidance that we've provided. We were explicit and thoughtful in the way we did that. 
John Greene: And if I could just add there. There is one additional buffer there. So if the revenue doesn't come in the way we anticipated, our compensation expense of 20% is variable in nature, so tied to production incentives. So that will also reduce should the top line not come in where we're anticipating. 
John Greene: Yes. So when we look at 2015, we have an explicit assumption that Gras Savoye closes currently in 2016 should the board authorize the option.  So leaving that aside, 2015, the way we're looking at the cash generation of the business, even with the acquisition of Miller, we don't see the need to go out and issue more debt. There's a possibility that we'll pull on the credit line a little bit. As you know, we have a $800 million credit line. At the end of the year, there was 0 on that credit line. So there's certainly capacity within the business in '15 without issuing new debt. 
John Greene: Yes. So Dominic, why don't I take that? So yes, for the quarter, there was $36 million restructuring charges. Josh, as you know, $16 million was termination benefits, and that broke down between North America, International, Global. And we anticipate that the salary associated with that termination benefits will have left the organization. So we know, for example, that there were approximately 300 people net that came out of the organization that comprise that $16 million of termination benefits. So there is selective reinvestment in certain areas which makes the comparison, I'll say, dollar for dollar, a little bit more challenging. And there is inflation, as you know, between 2% and 3% when you take a look at our entire organization.  So you can think about this as, yes, it's real dollars out, there's some inflation going up against that, and there's some mild reinvestment. But the intention is, as we've said, and we're in -- and so far we've done a pretty darn good job in terms of executing against it, is that the majority of this stuff is going to drop down to the bottom line. 
John Greene: Yes. It's very specific to geography. So if you think about France, so it's closer to 12 months. Some -- Spain, it can be 12 months. North America, it's a function of time with the group. On average, it would be somewhere between 3 and 6 months. In the U.K., it's typically 6 months, is the average -- 3 to 6 months. 
John Greene: Yes. So I'll take that one. We expect the tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 27%. We -- it will be a function of the composition of the earnings throughout the globe, that's why there's a range there for planning your models. 25% is probably not a bad number. 
John Greene: No. The $12 million is included in the underlying. It's not part of commission and fees. It's other operating income. It's part of revenue.  In the prior year, there was $4 million related to a similar type settlement. And in this industry, occasionally, when certain producer groups or books of business end up moving, in order to avoid litigation or lock-up periods for employees, many times the receiver of those resources will pay a settlement. And that's what we had in the quarter. 
John Greene: Yes, exactly. So in terms of -- let me start with other operating expenses. So our other operating expenses did go down in the quarter versus the prior year quarter. As Dominic said, there were some marketing and brand-related expenditures that did not repeat in '14.  There was also, just as part of our overall expense management, we took a look at systems infrastructure. And we found a particular system that had market appeal and we didn't feel like we're the best owners of it. We sold it and we had a $3 million reduction to expense in the fourth quarter.  In terms of the salary and benefit growth in the fourth quarter, it was 5.5%, as I said in my prepared remarks. I also included in the slide deck that page that showed that S&B from an organic standpoint between the first half and the second half of 2014 was essentially flat. The reason I thought that was important was because in the fourth quarter itself, in terms of the production awards, the International segment had a couple of triggers that took a adjustment in the fourth quarter up that didn't exist in the previous quarters. So if we straight line that, had we had a perfect insight in terms of how International would have done, there would have been a much more smooth S&B between quarter and quarter. So that's one component of it.  The other component of it is, frankly, a level of inflation. So we have significant operations in Asia and in Latin America. The inflation rates in those countries are much greater than the U.S. or the U.K. So on a blended basis, we have inflation of about 2% to 3% reflected in 2014 versus 2013.  So one of the levers that we're continuing to focus on is the FTEs that we have. They're a big piece of the cost base. The Operational Improvement Program is in place in order to ensure our FTE base is as cost-effective as it possibly can. And we're going to continue to drive those numbers. 
John Greene: Yes, yes. So in terms of the minority interest related to Miller, we're not -- we're actually not going to get on that level of granularity on this call. We haven't closed the transaction. We have a number of elements we have to work through.  In terms of the M&A numbers, we have included within the press release detail of what those numbers are. Now, typical convention when we look at these is that we'll produce 12 months of revenue as inorganic, and then it falls off and becomes organic. So an easy kind of analysis on that would be actually quite difficult for this call. And honestly, at this point, I prefer not to go through that. 
John Greene: Yes. So there -- what we try to do is be consistent with how we've treated it in the past actually. So I mentioned in my comments that there was $4 million gain or settlement in 2013 fourth quarter. And in previous quarters and previous years, those sorts of settlements have come through other operating income. Now, this is -- I appreciate it is sticking out. The quantum of the settlement is 3x bigger than the number last year. So from my standpoint, these settlements mean -- typically means some producers are going somewhere else. In this case, they did not go to a competitor, to be clear. So it's not something we plan for, nor do we budget it. So I would say there's a trend through history that indicates that there will be some sort of settlement. Now I would expect that $12 million is an outlier. 
John Greene: And I've thought about it, Dominic, and I don't have a specific answer on that at this point related to Gras Savoye.  The improvement, as Dominic said, from what we've seen, both looking at the financials from the business, as well as the activities that have happened, there's fundamental operational improvements in Gras Savoye that is driving the improvement. But what we'll do -- what we will do after the call is we'll post some information, and Peter will get back to you, Meyer, if that's okay. 
John Greene: So Meyer, we actually looked at that. And at this point, we don't have a decision from the board. The management team is going to come through and make a recommendation. But the board has, in terms of preliminary discussions, been supportive. The final outcome will depend on due diligence.  In terms of -- from that decision point through to the end of the year, when we look at the forward rates, the euro interest rates are going to be low for some time based on those curves. We looked at locking in rates, and actually we found that to lock them in at this point, it would be uneconomical based on our projections of the interests -- interest rates. But we're going to continue to evaluate that shortly after we have the decision from the board. 
John Greene: Yes, sure. So there's cash from earnings, certainly. We also had sales of slow growth offices in North America, which I think the cash impact there was $70 million, $80 million positive. We had this settlement that we talked about for another $12 million. And that's -- those are big chunky items -- and then the rest is through working capital.  We've had a pretty consistent effort to try to do 2 things on the working capital piece. One was extend payable days. We've done that, that will turn into about $20 million of cash in terms of bringing it forward. And then, on the receivables, we just begin -- begun starting work on that to -- and shorten that conversion cycle from, essentially, billing to remittance. And we're hopeful that, that will enhance the cash position in 2015. 
John Greene: Yes, yes. So the way we think about it right now is that in terms of the cash that we need for working capital purposes, as well as from a regulatory standpoint and, in particular, geographies is between $400 million and $300 million. So that means there's, call it, $300 million of cash available for investing opportunities. 
