John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think, Greg, we don't reflect our guidance for what we think are relatively smaller changes, we don't. So Mike just got -- [ but to say ], even though we had the negative currency effect is bigger than we anticipated, we're not changing our guidance. We have a range there. And similarly, with the revenue. Even though we're a little bit ahead in the first quarter, we're not changing our guidance right now. So we don't adjust for every small, little thing. 
John Haley: And it's hard to compare that to other -- it's hard to compare that to the improvement in other segments because in HCB you have some of the 606 changes and other things. So we feel pretty good about the CRB. They are making -- as I said in my remarks, they are making good steady progress with the margin improvement, exactly what we're looking for. 
John Haley: I would say that the impact of the triennial evaluations tends to be more pronounced in the first half of the year than in the second half. 
John Haley: Well, there is something you need to be careful about because we were planning to buy back shares. And if we don't buy back shares and we do TRANZACT instead, those 2 were offsetting, whether they offset exactly or not, that's something we'll address later on. 
John Haley: Yes. So I would say -- I think it's actually been surprising, at least to some of us, that how -- that there is relatively little disruption on our day-to-day work. I mean when we talked about some of the impacts in GB, when we talked about HCB, you noticed what we were talking about was the triennial valuation cycle, not Brexit itself. So we're not necessarily seeing a big impact from there.  Even CRB, which I mentioned, it had a nominal decline in Great Britain. Actually the performance of CRB was really pretty good, and it was ahead of what we had, our internal projections. And the reason is we had several one-off natural resource projects last year that we knew were not going to be recurring. So them coming in where they did was actually ahead of where we are.  Brexit is something that's been weighing on the British people and British business for a couple of years now. But we're not seeing any necessary acceleration of that, I don't think. And so like everybody else, we're just waiting to see how this plays out. 
John Haley: Yes, but less of a loss. I mean, obviously, our team there, led by Gene Wickes, has been very focused on cost management and continue to -- continuous improvement like all of our segments continuing -- continued focused on it. And so I think that's a fair assumption. But I would say that they're focused on continuous improvement. 
John Haley: I think it's a combination of all of those. So -- and we don't -- we can't actually break that down. But I think I wouldn't underestimate the impact of just a change in reinsurance buying behavior among clients, too. So that definitely is an element of it. 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean, I think, look, pricing is generally -- each particular area has its own pricing changes. So auto is different from cyber or whatever. But in general, across most of them, we're seeing modest price increases, I'd say. That's where they -- there's a range everywhere, but they tend to be centered around modest price increases for most of them. I mean cyber is one particular example, workers comp or both probably centered around 0 change, no change in rates. But most of them have some slight ones. So that's a headwind for us.  The other piece of the question was JLT. And look, we have seen a -- there have been a lot of resumes on the market, and I think that's no surprise. This could be an opportunity for us to add some key people, but I think we also want to be careful about just who we bring on and when. So we're approaching this very carefully. 
John Haley: We -- I don't want to wing it here. So we don't have a number on that right now. That's something we'll think about putting in when we do our update on TRANZACT for next quarter. 
John Haley: That's correct. We do expect that to grow, yes. And it's one of the things, as we said, we liked a lot about TRANZACT. 
John Haley: So I think something that has that kind of digital capability and that kind of exposure, that's a feature that makes a deal more attractive. It doesn't mean that every deal has to have that there. So we'll be looking at that. But in general, what I laid out was we're looking for businesses that are going to be high-margin businesses, either are already there or have the capability to get there relatively quickly. We're looking for businesses that fit in and that are relatively near adjacencies to our existing business. And we're looking for that, simply put, because we want to understand the businesses ourselves. We don't want to be acquiring things that we don't understand inside and out. So that's why we're looking for things that are relatively near adjacencies.  But within that, if a deal is accretive, it's more attractive than if it's dilutive; if it has more digital capabilities, it's more attractive than if it doesn't. So we'd be looking about that. I mean having said that, we're really focused on organic growth, too. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think the answer to that is, no. I mean the triennial valuations have an impact the whole year. I mean it's this year compared to last year. The effect is more pronounced in the first half of the year than it is in the second half of the year. There's nothing else comparable to that. We did call out that last year, the triennial valuations were a reason that we had good growth last year. So it was something we tried to signal then. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you in our second quarter call in August. 
Michael Burwell: So Greg, the number actually is $59 million in total. And the remainder above the $11 million that I commented on in my prepared remarks will happen by the end of the third quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Greg, so when you look at it, I mean there is no doubt we continue to see opportunity in that business. Todd Jones and the management team there are very focused on it, and we saw improvement in the first quarter in terms of overall margin improvement. We continue to think of opportunity that we'll see and continue to see that happening. So as we look at the quarter, we're pleased with the progress they are making and we still see more. It's about 50 basis points improvement is what we saw in the first quarter for CRB. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, we really purposely stopped giving segment guidance on and really looking at the totality around the 4% overall. But we feel really good about the HC business -- HCB business and their ability to continue to drive revenue growth. We're not overly concerned from the triennial impacts coming forward, they're very small. But we feel very confident in the management team and what that business is going to continue to drive and really contribute, as we said, on an overall basis around that 4%. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. I mean we were just calling out a particular -- businesses that we had seen. We just not had seen as much continued growth in that particular business. But -- so yes, that's what we were -- that's what we're highlighting. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean you do have -- we also have some expenses that we've included in there as we run off -- continue to run off and close out of our Securities business. And equally, when you look at where the market has been in terms of some of our performance fees. But we view those all as timing and still feel confident back in terms of our overall guidance from an EPS standpoint at the $10.60 to $10.85 range. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And maybe, John, I would just add one comment and that is to mark, I mean, obviously, clients come first for us and, obviously, clients and colleagues. And we've been thinking about various scenarios and various alternatives, obviously giving our presence and where it sits in that marketplace for some period of time. And it's continued to have been working at the detail level, at least in terms of working at the various alternatives. So just to add to John's comments. 
Michael Burwell: I not sure -- I'm not sure I follow your question, I guess, what I heard you asking is -- is saying, look, with FX at -- your $0.12 overall for the first quarter, we've updated our guidance to $0.15 headwind for the year, and we did not change our guidance. We kept it at $10.60 to $10.85. So then, therefore, that's what we're assuming. We're going to be able to absorb that within that range that we said would be there. And there's really no change to margins. So that's how we're thinking about it. Help me if that isn't -- I'm not responding to your question. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, as John said, we see the rate is -- depends on the line and in terms of modest increase in pricing. Obviously that's winning and continuing to win more net new business. So it's both volume and rate. So we've had as we've articulated, a little bit of volume change here that's gotten a little soft for us. But let me tell you, the management team is very focused on it, and we manage it for the entirety of the year. So we're giving an update here at the quarter, but our expectation is to meet what we have said in terms of objectives for the year. 
