Michael Burwell: Yes, Kai. Well, thank you for the question. We think we're still confident and comfortable with the 25% EBITDA margin for 2018. In order to -- we've seen a couple investments that we've made in the current year, one that we referenced in the HCB segment, which is both restructuring, as well as further technology investments that we've made there. And second, in the IRR segment, our AMX investment is what we referenced, and John alluded to that in his opening comments, are investments that we've made. So we feel good about the margin that we have delivered, a little over 3% for the current year. And we're -- we see a bridge and a path forward, and we think that's reflective in terms of what's happening in the current year. But we see an absolute path to the 25% margin, and that's what we've touched on. 
Michael Burwell: And Greg, on the hedging program, it's something John and I had been looking at. I specifically have been looking at it, and really reevaluating how we do it, what instruments we use, what's the length of time that we put in place, and so we've reevaluated that activity. I think we've streamlined it. We've given it greater focus, attention, et cetera, and we're optimistic as we look forward that we'll see enhanced management of that going forward. 
Michael Burwell: No, no, the hope, honestly, Greg, is the opposite actually, is there's less volatility than what we've had historically. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, I think, as I mentioned in the comments, Greg, what we had seen is first is bonus payment. So in '17, we had a full year of bonus payments. They were recorded in '16. We only had a partial year that was included in there. We did spend some additional CapEx, both in real estate, in which we're seeing benefits, and we'll see benefits from, going forward, as well as technology. And I had mentioned, we had paid some taxes in the fourth quarter, which we believe were an appropriate tax strategy for us, and so we've made some additional tax payments in the fourth quarter. So those things were the principal changes between fiscal year '16 and fiscal year '17 from a free cash flow standpoint. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Well, let me see if I can help fill on that color. So first is, again, coming from '16 to '17, let's take '17 to '18 just in terms of our thinking. Again, when you look back at '16 to '17, so cash tax payments was roughly in the $50 million range. When you think about it, we had disclosed the shareholder litigation that we had paid, was is around $33 million, and CapEx that you can see, and there's roughly $82 million. And we had the bonus payments in there were $80 million, $90 million kind of range, were the biggest pieces that really bridge you from '16 to '17. And then as you look out to '18, what we really see is some operational improvements. You're obviously going to have reduced spending from a T&I perspective, integration perspective and a restructuring perspective, and what we see is improvement in working capital and CapEx. So when I look at those components, that's $500 million to $600 million that we see in aggregate of opportunities that are there. So I guess you're up in that -- round that $1.3 billion free cash flow. And your last question was when do we expect to pay the Stanford litigation? Right now, the reason we did go with that range, $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, was if indeed we pay it in '18, and obviously, we cruised that down to $1.1 billion, fix that and we don't pay it, we would obviously be at the $1.3 billion, then it might get pushed into '19. Obviously, we're at the mercy of the judicial system in terms of how that process moves forward. So I hope it provides a bit more color. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at our T&I, our reduced restructuring and T&I spending, you're in the $250 million to $300 million range, just to give you some further information and insight to it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, so first, in the -- again, we have been investing, and John touched on it in terms of highlighted that -- what we believe were significant investments around AMX and the IRR segment. We're continuing to look to expand that geographically, and so obviously, we need to adapt that appropriately into the particular territories, and which is going to operate, et cetera. And we believe that, that was the right investment to make, so that we can continue to leverage that, given the positive response that we've seen in Ireland and the U.K. And frankly, it's moving at a very rapid pace, and so we view that as an appropriate investment in terms of be able to leverage that looking to '18 and beyond. And the HCB segment was, frankly, we thought we needed to take some restructuring actions to better align the business and position it for longer-term profitability. The -- Julie and the team, did that and executed within the quarter. We did not include it in our restructuring charge because we view that as it relates to the prior years, and we want to make sure we keep this clean in terms of what was going to happen, and we see that as further productivity. So we would have been more in the 23.5% kind of EBITDA margin just to come back from a quantification standpoint on an adjusted EBITDA margin basis, had we not made those investments just to kind of quantify and give you some perspective on it in terms of how we think about that. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. On the -- when you look at the incremental $50 million, a big piece of that is the continued program around real estate, in particular. As we see that optimization continuing to happen, we have certain leases coming due and we have refined the program that we've learned over the last couple of years and we believe we can see incremental benefits from what we've done to date, and that's the biggest piece of what you're going to see in that $50 million happening in fiscal year '18. You're coming back on your -- remind me of you second... 
Michael Burwell: So I think a realistic goal is clearly getting it down by 5 days I think is a realistic immediate goal. Every day is worth $0.01 of share, it's $21 million a day for us. So we see that, I mean, 20% reduction would be more of an audacious goal in what we have out there in terms of what we would look to do. And so we're really, as John mentioned, the both of us are very focused on it as well as, frankly, the entire leadership team in terms of managing it and driving it in a very focused way. So we understand what it means to free cash flow. We know what it means in terms of creating opportunities for us to be able to redeploy that free cash flow and return it to potential investors is an important element to that, so hopefully that helps. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I was going to add, John, I mean, I think at lease back on the margin things, I mean, I think we've made those investments. We believe they will pay off going forward. We're obviously focused on a variety of different things. As John said, we have a lot of things going right. But obviously, we're planning for to drive it as a management team. But we'll have some things that will come up, and we think we put the appropriate measures in place. But we think that 25% makes sense, and therefore, rolls up to those overall goals, adjusted by taxes, as John said. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, so first off, Elyse, the higher costs were principally related to additional technology and real estate costs that we had been -- spent activities on. We also had the shareholder suit that came back overall in terms of what we spent additional money on, the $33 million that we had as it relates to the shareholder litigation. Settlement was included in there. So those are the principal biggest pieces of that incremental amount. On OIP, as John referenced, the $95 million, our best estimate of it right now is roughly around half that we've seen in terms of falling to the bottom line, and equally, we talked about $175 million next year in terms of what that looks like as an exit rate amount. So I know you're trying to go back to those pieces, but those are the biggest chunks that are included in there. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think, Mike, I agree with what you said. I guess the only thing I'd add is that when you look at the revenue synergies, we said we expect to be ahead on Global Health. We expect to be at the low end on the mid-market exchange business. And we expect to be about maybe $50 million below our target on the large company P&C, but we have about $25 million of revenue synergies that we hadn't counted in terms of the reinsurance at ICT. When you add those all up, it gets to a point which is pretty damn close to about where our revenue synergies were. And frankly, what we're focused on is making sure that we have a company that's growing. And if we grow a little bit slower in one area and faster in another to account for it. That will be just fine. But we like the fact that we're getting growth from all areas, and we have a great deal of confidence going into 2018. 
John Haley: Yes, so let me -- I'll take the first part of that, and I'll let Mike explain the hedging because I just get frustrated talking about it. But the $175 million, that's part of our merger cost synergies. And in the merger cost synergies, we expect every penny to drop to the bottom line. 
John Haley: Yes, I think we do feel -- we've done -- we've spent a large part of 2017, understanding the hedging and as Mike says, evaluating it and trying to set up the best program, going forward, into 2018. And I think both Mike and I have a lot of confidence that the system we have now is better than what we had before. 
John Haley: Okay, and so let me just, Shlomo, give you a little bit more color too on maybe Mike's statement on the -- you mentioned the $500 million to $600 million of free cash flow improvement from 2017 to 2018. And as we look at that and think about the numbers, we're focused on the grand total, not so much the specific buckets. But if we look at the buckets, we're actually planning for operations to be about, say, 27% of the total DSO improvement to be about another 27% of the total, and then the CapEx reduction to be maybe 45% of the total. But what we're really focused on is the total as opposed to the individual pieces. But that, at least, gives you some idea of the relative sizes of what we're working with. The main investments that we've been making and we're doing a little more restructuring to get some of the -- we're taking a little more charges there to get some of the additional benefits in the cost synergies. We have those going on. But this year, the major investments that we've been making in the business, one, Mike talked about some of the restructuring we've done in HCB, and as you noted, we let that flow through and affect our margins as opposed to separating that out in a restructuring charge, where we look at this as some necessary restructuring, but maybe a little closer to business as usual. 
John Haley: Right. So it's not in the -- it's not adjusted at all in there, so we're treating it as business as usual, but we think that will pay off just as the work we did in HCB the year before paid off in some better margins this year too, improving the margins, so -- from what they would have been. The -- we've invested heavily in AMX and brought that out, and we've also been investing quite heavily in new technology and new tools in the brokerage business, generally. So these -- that's actually the most significant investment we're making right now is in some of the new technology and new approaches in brokerage. We also have some investments in analytical tools in HCB. So I think one of the things that we were focused on doing this year, Shlomo, is making sure that we, as a company, we're focused on the future and investing in what's going to be generating the future revenue flows and the future profits in 2019, 2020 and beyond. And we wanted to make sure that, that was moving ahead as we did this. We're still very focused on delivering the results for 2018, but we don't want that to be at the expense of future growth. 
John Haley: Yes, so I would say this, I think if you look at our margins and compare them to our competitors, where you would see the biggest difference is probably in CRB. And so we think that, that is probably an area where -- I mean, I love the progress that we have made in CRB from the fourth quarter of 2016 to today. If we keep on that [indiscernible], I think there's further improvement that we can make in 2019 and beyond. And also, the investments that I just talked about that we're making, as I said, we're putting more money in investments and making sure that we are at the forefront, technologically, in CRB than anywhere else, and so I see that as also something that we contribute there. I think we -- I think there's some things we can do just as a matter of housekeeping and better management that will improve things. Both Mike and I think our DSOs are far too high, and we think that there's some significant improvement. We expect to make some improvement in 2018, but frankly, we expect to make improvement for several years, year on and year out in DSOs, and so we see that as an area that we can improve on. And then finally, we've been spending a lot of time on making sure that we're encouraging and fostering innovation. And I mentioned, the CEO Circle awards, we have a number of other programs. It's my belief that most of the best innovation comes from the people on the front lines, so we're dealing with clients every day, and trying to -- they see what the problems are, and they come up with solutions for them. And what we want to make sure is that we have the right kind of environment in this company where people can bring those solutions forward and we can institutionalize them and get them out to market quickly. And we think we've done a number of nice things the last couple of years to bring that forward. We think that will pay off. 
John Haley: Yes. So we did our first annual or our first all associates engagement survey in the early part of 2017. And we did that, actually, before we started to see some of the real upturns that we had. It was in the very early part of 2017. So it's not necessarily with all the good results we've had here factored in. But it was a -- over all, we were very pleased with the results. We got over 86% of our people responding to it. I think the most important thing was that in terms of feeling about the company sharing their values and improving of the values of the company of what we were trying to do, we had extraordinarily high alignment. We had some things the people indicated that we needed to work on in terms of improving some of the efficiencies and the way we make it easier for people to do their work. We look at engagement surveys as not report cards, but really as areas for us to identify that we can work on to improve the company, and so we're taking that feedback. We have a whole program to roll that out. We'll probably do another survey in another year or so, and I expect we'll see some improvement in the areas that our colleagues have identified for us. On innovation, generally, though, we have a new venture investment committee. That is a committee that reviews ideas that people have. We have invested a lot in infrastructure to make it easy for people to identify some new ideas to get the appropriate support, to develop business plans for them and to bring them forward. We have a pretty rigorous approach to which ideas we'll pilot test. And then of the ones we pilot test, which ones we'll put into development. And I think the idea behind that is to say, going forward, we want to have maybe a little bit -- any ideas that we're supporting, we want to make sure we give them sufficient support that they get a fair chance to do it, but we also want to have a culture of fast failure. So we want to get out of things that aren't working. But we're pleased with the whole development across the range there, Mark. 
John Haley: Well, I think when you look at international, you have really a tale of just 2 very different years between 2016 and 2017. And we mentioned that we thought that there were a lot of things, just a lot of unfortunate breaks in 2016 on international, and we thought the actual performance of that business was really much better, but a lot of things brought it down. So I think we had some easier comparables in 2016. The performance in 2017 has just been outstanding, I think, really the whole year. And so it's a little bit better in this fourth quarter, but it's really good performance the whole year. 
John Haley: Yes. I would say that I think -- well, 2 things about this: one, we put the $200 million goal out there, and that was really taking us from -- it was an additional 2% market share, we estimated, but it was really about a 40% increase in our market in what our total revenues were because we're going from 3.5% to 5.5%. So a pretty big increase there. We're not getting quite as far along as we thought. But even when we had the $200 million out there, we expect that, that would be something that we would build on in future years and continue to grow our relative market share there. So if it comes out the way we're planning now, we'll have gone from about 3.5% market share, up 1.5% to about 5% and 5%, 5.5%, something like that, and we'll -- we expect to continue to grow that over future years. I think it's probably, I mean, it's fair to say it's probably been a little bit harder than we anticipated or at least it's been a little bit slower than we anticipated. And so I think I mentioned the -- we actually are not as far off on the number of cases that we had brought in, but the average case size is a little bit smaller than we had anticipated. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking with you or seeing you in March. 
