John Haley: Okay. Well, Roger may want to add to this, but I would say, I think revenue synergies did not play any significant effect at all. Frankly, we didn't really see any revenue dissynergies really across the company. I think the reason for the revenue growth being off in 2016 was really reflected in a distraction that we had that took people -- had them more internally focused than it should have been, didn't have the best go-to-market operation that we could have had, and it distracted from our new business efforts. But I don't think revenue dissynergies were anything that really added to that. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think I would say this with regard to the $10 number. When you think about the various components that we had to get there, one of them was certainly revenue growth. Really, we thought 3%  plus was -- we needed to get to that to be achieving $10. The other items were our tax rate getting to 25% or better, and I think we got a check next to that. Our share repurchase, actually, if you think about last year, we -- in the beginning of the year, we said we were going to be try to be -- purchase $200 million worth of shares last year. And then midway through, we said we'd like to get to $300 million. We ended up purchasing $400 million. So we feel good about what we were able to accomplish there. As Roger said, we expect to buy back at least $500 million worth of shares this year. So that is -- that's in place as to where we want to be. And we'll continue to buy shares back in 2018 also, probably at a higher clip than we have in 2017. And then we want to get the expense savings and the margin enhancement. And we referenced a couple of times some of the OIP savings that we expect to get coming out of 2017. So we're on board for almost all the things. We just see we have to get the revenue growth up a little bit, but we're focused right now on getting the 2% to 3% level for 2017. And we think that will give us a good base to improve that going into 2018. 
John Haley: Yes. I think overall, that's right. I mean, look, we've had some of our competitors have reported. When you look at our retirement revenue growth, it's almost identical to theirs. So maybe that's not so surprising. Now on top of it though, we had the restructuring program, which was largely focused on retirement. And when I was younger, I used to think you could put these restructuring programs in place and not lose any revenue in the short run. But I've learned from experience that that's not the case. So the fact that we had retirement slow down a little bit was not a particular surprise here. That happened. But we think -- we love the restructuring we did. We think it positions us extraordinarily well for the future. So that was clearly the right thing to do. So that hurt us a little bit in the fourth quarter. But as I said, even then, we still came out right at the same level as our competitors. So we feel good about this going into 2017. When we look at the outlook for 2017, I think the thing that we would most focus on is, this is probably likely -- it's never -- you can never tell at this stage in the year. But this is probably likely to be a slower growth for bulk lump sum work or a real slowdown in bulk lump sum work compared to other years. Now bulk lump sum work, it varies. I mean, I think, 2013, it was $28 million; 2014, I think it was over $75 million or, I think, it's around $77 million or something. It's been just under $50 million, 2015 and 2016. We think it's going to go down substantially in 2017. But bulk lump sum is granular. One of the reasons we think it will probably go down is because we're likely to see several rate increases during the year. It's not the absolute level. It's the arbitrage between where you can pay out the lump sum at and what you're recording it at as the accounting expense. So 2017 might be a low year for bulk lump sums. In the end, that may just mean that there's more work in 2018. We see this as you got to look at it in on a multiyear cycle. 
John Haley: So I think, just generally on the taxes, it's 2 points: one is, it depends very much on the details of how these things are structured as to how we could do that. Depending on exactly what's in there, we could get a slight benefit. We could see our taxes even increase, depending on what the details of that are. I think whatever we see, anything we've modeled there, it's still within us achieving our 2018 goals of being at 25% or less. So nothing that would impact that. I think -- and by the way, all of the modeling we've done is sort of a worst case because it's a steady state, assuming we don't make any changes in response to new tax legislation, which we wouldn't do. So overall, we don't -- we'd see any changes as being relatively modest. It actually is possible under certain scenarios for our tax rate to go up, but it doesn't go up that much. I think how a border-adjusted tax applies to services, the short answer is nobody knows. 
John Haley: Yes, sure. So let me just mention, Greg, what's really going on here. The biggest part of the business we have right now is the retiree part of the business. And the retiree part of the business, we've been very fortunate. We've gotten almost all of the really big cases that have gone on to the exchanges. We've won almost every one of them. But there's -- at some point, you run out of -- there's fewer and fewer of those big ones to go out. And so we did -- our largest client ever we implemented last year. Of course, that's what led to the big enrollments we have for this year, and the big revenue growth. We don't have a similar really big one that we are implementing this year. We're still going to get up to 110,000 retirees because we're getting a lot of them. But the one client that accounted for, I think, it was 140,000, 145,000 retirees last year. So 110,000 is still a great result, but it doesn't make up for that one big client. So we're seeing that slow down a little bit. I think the -- what I would point to, and as Roger said, the active exchange is a smaller piece of the business. In the long run, that's what we expect to be by far the dominant part of the business. Our growth rate was terrific there the last year. We've really added a lot of folks. We've already got 4 big clients signed up for 2018. So we're very -- we're very enthusiastic about that, but that's a small part of the piece that's having that high growth rate. 
John Haley: Let me make just two quick comments, and then I'll turn it over Roger, who I know will want to provide some more color. But I think -- I think we were -- I think frustrated is the right word. That it was -- we had these good savings we were getting in OIP, and for one reason they weren't dropping to the bottom line. And I think one of the things we said to the analyst and investor community was we were actually going to be focused less on what the top line savings in OIP were, but really how -- are we going to be getting margin improvement, are we going to be seeing things falling through there. And in last quarter, Roger talked about our sequential expenses being down, and I think he said at that time, this is too early for us to say this is a real trend, and we're waiting to see what happens in the fourth quarter. And as he just mentioned in his prepared remarks, I think the fourth quarter's come in, and we've said, okay, they are down again, and we're seeing margin improvements. So we feel like that kind of a focus is paying off, and we're seeing some results there. We're still not exactly where we would like to be, but I think we have seen parts of the operation -- I think in Great Britain, there was enthusiastic adoption of the OIP program, and we've seen it had a very positive effect on margins there. So I think one of the things we want to do is take some of the learnings from that and apply them worldwide. But Roger, maybe you want to add. 
John Haley: Well, actually, we have -- the reason we don't have every last dollar in there is because there is some cost on the top line. 
John Haley: Well, we would never want to rule out if there is some really attractive acquisition. But I think at the moment, we think we're going to be hard play -- hard put to find something that's more attractive than buying our own stock. 
John Haley: Yes. The level of producers is -- was lower at the end of 2016 than it was at the beginning. There's a number of moving pieces that occurred there. One is that we have some smaller accounts that we've transferred over to -- we've sort of sold some operations or we've transferred them over under some agreements we have to some other operations, and we lose some producers when we do that. We had some retirements. We had some folks who moved from producer to nonproducer status, where they're still managing clients but they're doing it in a different way. We did have some turnover among the producers. So we did have fewer producers at the end than at the beginning. At the end of the day, I think the turnover rate was about -- the voluntary turnover rate was about what we would have expected. I think going forward for 2017, we would expect to see an increase in the number of producers. We expect to have more producers at the end of the year than we have now. 
John Haley: Well, we have -- so I think -- let me just mention something about the revenue synergies too, Mark. When I went through them, the revenue synergies are the run rate that we were expecting to get from selling these things, it's not the revenue synergies that necessarily occurred in the year. So for example, when I talked about the Exchange Solutions and the revenue synergies from the mid-market, we sell the mid-market. For the most part, they're going to be implementing January 1 that we're getting. So the ones we sold in 2016, we're getting the revenue in 2017. So I [indiscernible] number. 
John Haley: But it's not revenue that you would have seen there. Likewise, even for like the large company P&C, most of those were sold in the second half of the year, and so you haven't seen much of the revenue increases there. So when we come to this as to where we'd expect to be, I think, generally, we were -- as I said, the revenue synergies we expected to be about 5% to 10% of what the ultimate run rate goal was for the end of 2018, we expect it to be there at the end of 2016. It's probably between about 1/3 and 40% is where we expect to be at the end of 2017. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think it's -- we don't have an exact figure to give right now. I'd say it will be over 100,000 for those lives, for those for 4 clients we have there. I think one or 2 of them we even talked about potentially whether they might decide to adopt in 1/1/2017. And I think as we worked with them, it became clear that the -- because of all the things they had to pull together as well as what we could have done, we probably could have adopted for 1/1/2017, but I think they wanted to make sure they had everything going well. And we now have a very good plan with them. So we found that encouraging. I think it fits with the general theme that the larger companies, it's a longer time talking about it. It's more planning. Their organizations are more complex. I think they're more risk averse about doing it. So you need to build in a longer process for that. But frankly, we feel very good about the enrollment season we had for what we're implementing for 1/1/2017, and we think this gives us a lot of momentum heading into 2018. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks. So the first one on the ACA, I mean, frankly, the ACA doesn't impact our typical client all that much. When we deal with it in the exchanges, we only deal with it in a few limited circumstances. When we deal with it in our consulting, some of our clients that have lower-paid folks that they don't want to provide health care coverage for or have a lot of part-time workers or something, it comes into it. But it's not the biggest part of what our -- it's not a very large part at all of what our consulting does. So I think in general, changes there won't have a significant impact on our health care consulting business. Who knows, maybe we'll get a few more questions about this. But in the CRB business, I think one of the things -- I know the -- you didn't get a chance to see Todd and Carl in person at Analyst Day, but you did get a chance to hear them over the phone. I think they're both individuals who really understand the segments that they are working with and leading. I think Todd commands great respect throughout the organization. I think people appreciate the fact that he has a long background in brokerage. I think they believe in his vision of the future. So I'm as excited as can be to have him rolling out his program and leading that operation. 
John Haley: Not anything that was way out of whack. And in fact, and for the year, we came in right in a range, we say in between 30% and 35% of -- sort of our net operating income. And we came right in there. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everybody. And we look forward to talking with you after our next quarter -- our first quarter earnings call in May. 
Roger Millay: Sure, Sarah. So we think -- again, maybe just to step back to the margin trends for the year, and we've been watching all the elements closely quarter-to-quarter. And as we said in the third quarter, we saw probably about a few percentage points in sequential drop in expenses, and that sort of trend continued into the fourth quarter. And really, we think it's the combination -- kind of as John and I both referred to in our remarks, it's the combination of continuing to push across the board on the savings initiatives, which now -- you mentioned 2 of the elements, and the third element is the business restructuring. So all of those kicking in along with just the financial discipline that we're employing throughout the company. And so margin comes gradually. And last time we said we weren't sure that we saw all those efforts flow through, but I think this time you're seeing it. So I think those were the drivers. 
Roger Millay: Yes. The only thing, John, I'd add to that is, again, refer to probably the -- one of the changes in our remarks this time and that we both talked about financial discipline. And I think it fits what John said about our emphasis early in the year, internally and externally, just shifting more to really thinking about value -- thinking on a more focused basis about value creation through margin enhancement in these programs. And it really seems as we ended 2016 that, that was showing through in the financials. It's something that we emphasized in the budget process, really challenging ourselves to find the levers, to see the enhancement as we go forward and know how we had to manage different parts of the business to make sure margin came through as a result of those cost programs. And I think the results now, as John said, are showing through in the margin line. So it bodes well, I think, for 2017. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'd say in terms of the individual amounts and consistent with what we just talked about in the last question, the drive here is to achieve a margin improvement. So we came at -- came in with, what, 22.3%, I think we said, EBITDA margin for 2016. We're guiding to 23% to 24%. So if you take the $30 million, plus the $95 million, plus some, I don't know, tens of millions of dollars, I don't have the specific number in front of me for the business restructuring, that's what's really driving the overall margin improvement, which was in that range of -- based on the range we gave you of around 100 basis points. So again, without specifying by individual program, that's margin improvement, obviously, of somewhere around $80 million. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, in general, now that we're using round hundreds of millions of dollars here, you're doing the numbers correctly. There are some other payments going out. We do have, related to some past acquisitions, some payouts of contingent consideration. So that's a little bit of an add to what you mentioned. But in general, we're circling, call it, available free cash. I don't know that anybody really uses that term, but maybe we made it up here. We're looking to target available free cash to payback in share repurchases. That's roughly what we're trying to communicate. 
Roger Millay: Yes, the wholesale business, led by Miller, was up in 2016, and we expect continued steady growth performance. 
Roger Millay: Well, the guidance is based on the rates that I stated in my remarks. I think it was $1.24 for the GBP 1 and $1.08 for the EUR 1. I think -- I believe that's what we said. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I really don't have specific numbers. There isn't a huge impact for us EPS-wise with changes to the pound and the euro because we do have kind of -- in the legacy businesses, one of them was net -- in the P&L net long pound, the other was net short pound. We do have profitability in the euro. So a little more exposure there. But big movements don't drive a lot of -- or movements don't drive a big impact on EPS. 
Roger Millay: There's -- certainly, we do have a pay-for-performance system, and we update that as the year goes on. There would have been a little bit of an impact in the fourth quarter, but not something that was a big driver. 
Roger Millay: I think there is -- this being the last year of OIP, and I think there is a push of getting all the possible activity done by the end of 2017. So I think OIP impact issue will be a little bit back-end loaded in the year. I think the cost savings from the merger cost savings probably pretty even. I think -- I don't think there's -- I can't think of a big kind of driver of -- early or late of any of those programs. The restructuring savings from the business, of course, incurred -- occurred in the second half of 2016. So we'll have the biggest impact on margins in the first half of the year. 
