Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. At our investor conference, we laid out our strategic vision that we believe will allow us to grow revenues, drive operating leverage and increase cash flow. We discussed where we would compete and how we would compete. In our discussions about how we would compete, we told you we want to innovate, to ensure we are bringing the best solutions to our clients; invest selectively in new talent, better technology and M&A where we see the appropriate opportunity; and connect all of Willis to make it much easier for associates to bring all of the firm to our clients.  Touching on that connectivity point, let me tell you what we've been doing since that investor conference. We know the value of working together across Willis and our clients expect and deserve that from us. To help deliver this, we have started making changes to our management structure that will make it easier for Willis Associates to work as one team to serve clients better and thereby, drive more cross-selling.  In that context, we've introduced new global industry roles and new global product role, which we described in detail in our press release of October 24. These leaders will work with existing geographical, regional and office heads to make sure that we provide the full range of products and solutions to all clients in every industry around the world.  All of us at Willis want to improve our value proposition to clients by delivering the full range of Willis' global industry and risk expertise locally. Willis is at its most compelling and is most successful when we combine our local teams in the country with our global specialist expertise. The organizational changes we are making will go a long way to ensure that we achieve this across our entire business around the world and that is very exciting for all of us. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: It's a reasonable question. Look, we are focused on delivering cash flow to our shareholders through a combination of revenue growth and some margin expansion, which we described in our investor conference. As you know, no one in the business are providing quarter-by-quarter or year-by-year projections or guidance, but the general direction of what we're trying to do was lay it out very clearly in the investor conference. So we will absolutely be focused on making sure that we deliver that cash flow to shareholders on a growing basis. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I think my answer is going to be a same again, which is -- and as we described at the investor conference, Willis is very much a global company. You heard about some of the growth rates we are finding and achieving in some of our markets. As investors, you would want us to be investing behind our growth opportunities. So when we are seeing double-digit revenue growth opportunities or high, very single digit revenue growth opportunities on a continuing basis in many of our markets, we, of course, will be hiring behind those. We have to balance that with productivity improvements elsewhere and thinking very carefully about some markets, which we may not want to invest behind so  much or even exit, as you heard we've done in the small way in England in this quarter. So it will be a balance, but let me be clear, where we see sustained revenue growth with good margin opportunities, we are going to add people and invest behind them. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me take the first or the last part of that and then hand over to Tim Wright just to give you an update on how the restructuring is going. Our position remains the same on we have to make a decision about whether we exercise our option in the spring of '15 and we would actually close the transaction in '16. We remain very interested in Gras Savoye of course. It's not often you get the opportunity to buy a leader in a major market, who also has a range of very exciting growth opportunities around Africa, the Middle East and bits of Asia and Eastern Europe. So we will look at the asset and it's also affirmed that we have known for many years, so we really understand how it works. Obviously, however, we have to keep an eye on how the major economies it works in our performing so that's why we're happy to have this option. And we're also interested in how it's performing on its underlying business. There are no specific debt changes we would expect related to this in the near future. So let me hand over to Tim just to give you an update on where we stand in the operation improvement. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me -- I'm going to turn over to Todd, but I think the overall message we have here is we took our time to enter this market because we wanted to really understand it. We didn't rush in. And as I said, we only launched our discussions in May and we have taken a very deliberate approach both around having it as part of our overall objective package of offerings that we have for our clients so that we can enter into a full consultative discussion with them. But we're excited about both the level of debates we're having and these specific opportunities around the private exchange that are emerging. So that's been our posture. So let me hand over to Todd to give you some more detail on trends and how the dialogue with the clients is going. 
Dominic Casserley: Capital Markets is the -- actually, Capital Markets is fundamentally the answer to your question. They had a significant Q4 last year. You know the nature of that business very well, it's lumpy and unpredictable but significant when it comes home. And certainly, we have a very active pipeline and active engagements at the moment. Whether they close in Q4 or not is obviously, yet to be determined. 
Dominic Casserley: I think north of that but yes, it was -- I guess what you're looking for is was it a 1 item that drove it, it wasn't. It was a pipeline that actually looks very similar to the pipeline we're looking at, at the moment. 
Dominic Casserley: You're right, we did think very carefully about this, both making sure we got our market positioning right. For our target client base, we want to make sure we were providing the exact right market positioning and the products that would work. We can't comment on others' investments, but our investment was in a controlled way. And we do not, at the moment, envision significant additional investment beyond what we've already spent. Now the market might change, things might evolve, but at the moment, we're comfortable where we are, that we have a highly competitive product for the market segment we are targeting. 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. No. We have stated in the investor conference that we believe being an investment-grade company is very important to us and that we are going to manage our growth agenda within that context. We have no desire beyond that. We're making sure that our balance sheet meets the needs of being an investment-grade company and we obviously are in dialogue with our lenders in that context and that we can execute our growth agenda. 
Dominic Casserley: We've developed the 360 with great care. We did not jump into this opportunity but instead, thought about it very carefully and talked to lots of people to come up with a proposition, which we think is critically is good for our clients on a sustainable basis, which was the criteria we had to use. Let me turn over to Steve who's been heavily involved in this talk through, how that's been developed. 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. As we have said before, we were pleased that the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. The Court, remember, is addressing a technical legal issue that was only the first of many legal issues we pointed out to the trial court. If we win at the Supreme Court, obviously, we will be delighted. But everyone should understand that if we "lose" that review, there are a host of additional legal issues that will still need to be addressed by the district court. In other words, the case will be at much the same posture as it was 4 years ago and we continue to be ready to fight the allegations case every step of the way. So that's our view on that. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much, everybody, for your questions. We really appreciate them and your interest in Willis. And we look forward to talking to you again about the year end. Thanks very much.
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Greg, I'll try and to do all of the above in terms of comment. I think it's a particularly interesting time in terms of rate both in reinsurance and insurance as the industry works through the impact of what's been a relatively quiet claims period, impact of the so-called new capital and programs such as our own Global 360. So if I start perhaps with reinsurance, I think what we see at the moment and for the immediate future, I'll break it down through the 3 business units that we operate. Firstly our Specialty Reinsurance business, where as I think you know, we're the market leader. With a couple of exceptions, we see these rates down, say 5% or so. A couple of exceptions, aerospace, reinsurance we'd see it down more, perhaps 10%, on occasion, even more. In our Marine Reinsurance business, which we would see as largely flat, which is really reflecting the loss experience in that class. And secondly, in reinsurance, we look at our international reinsurance book and we'd see that as probably about 5% down on a risk-adjusted basis with a few, perhaps obvious exceptions like U.K. and French auto, which are up. And finally for reinsurance on North American business, here, we see probably cut down 20%, 25%, which we think is consistent with what we saw in the midyear renewals and casualty may be flat to down 5%, something like that. On the insurance side, again, I'll probably break it down to 3 ways to look at our business. Firstly, specialty insurance, which we'd see generally flat with again, maybe the exception in the Aerospace business, which we would see down by as much as 10% or even more, and upstream energy, which we would also see as down. Our International Insurance business, as you would understand, a very difficult one to generalize about, given the vast range of countries that Tim and his colleagues operate in. But I think we'd conclude that the general trend towards property rates coming off a bit and Worker's Comp continuing to trend upwards. And Willis North America, property and casualty up 2.5% to 5.5%, respectively, something like that. Human Capital and Personal Lines may be about 3.5%. Important and I say this each time I get a similar question on the earnings call, I think it's important to remind everybody that rate fluctuations don't necessarily bleed directly into our own earnings and with rates down people, sometimes by more, we certainly see that in reinsurance. And additionally, we've driven some very strong new business growth. So while the rate may be down on an expiring policy with somebody else, this is new income to us. And finally, of course, we have some income on a fee basis. So I hope that gives you some sort of the flavor of what we think is going on. 
Steven Hearn: It is, Greg, I'll take that one as well, Dominic, if I may. Yes, another great quarter out of Willis Re. Maybe people are getting tired or me saying that, I'm not getting tired saying it. I can tell you it's a great result. Largely driven, as we said, as Dominic said in his commentary, buying new business as well. So it's not by accident. This is very much sustaining business growth that's driving these numbers, as well as a good retention. Obviously the debate is around what happens in terms of property cap -- new capital whether that bleeds into other product classes or out of North America, which is largely where it's concentrated at the moment. That's one factor, which obviously is going to have some sort of impact on the reinsurance world. Again, I repeat, lower premiums don't necessarily mean lower earnings and we do find people buy more, particularly outside the larger reinsurance buyers when rates are coming down. There's been a lot of public comment around the larger reinsurance buyers retaining more, buying less reinsurance capacity. But again, that doesn't necessarily flow through in terms of the reinsurance intermediaries earnings because often, in fact always, you'll find reinsurance intermediary or 2, engaged in providing advice and modeling around that risk retention activity. So I think we feel very good about Willis Re, it continues to perform very well and, and particularly given its market share in a couple of jurisdictions, notably North America, we still anticipate good performance out of that business. 
Steven Hearn: No. It's Steve again, Doug. No, I think probably more relevant is the larger debate around capital arriving in the reinsurance world is impact on the primary markets, those types of things that are driving probably as much as anything, an attitudinal view of what's going on for a rate perspective. Added  to which as I said earlier, the relatively benign claims period that we're experiencing. So I think those are probably more material to what's happening in the rates. 
Steven Hearn: I think the short answer to your question is it's too early to determine the impact on our bottom line or our top line, for that matter. But let me give you a little bit more color of what we've been doing and where we are and why we're excited about this new initiative. As Dominic said, we've been very thoughtful in our approach here with an overarching objective of trying to provide something that's going to be sustainable, better outcomes for our clients, not just a quick reaction or a quick turn, but something that's sustainable. We've been very public about what we've been doing and public over an extended period, talking to capacity providers far and wide. Over 40 organizations have engaged with us on the subject and I think I'd describe the outcome at the moment in terms of what we've announced we're launching really, in 3 areas. Firstly, what I described as traditional providers who are looking to provide additional capacity or diversify from a product line perspective; secondly, reinsurers who themselves are looking to diversify and perhaps move up the chain; and finally, what I describe as emergent capacity such as that coming out of places like China. I'd say we see this as more of an a evolution than a revolution in terms of what's going on here. Our motivation has been very much about the client and I think my answer to your question probably is that if we do that and maintain the client focus, we'll sell more insurance and we'll retain more business, and that should benefit our shareholders as well as our clients as we move forward, that's certainly our plan. But it's very early days. 
Michael Neborak: So the headcount increases that I referred to is being roughly 3% over the last 12 months breakout, North America is essentially flat to up a little bit. International was between 4% and 4.5%. Global is up between 6% and 7%. So that's kind of split between reinsurance, placement and some of the other activities that Steve referred to. And then our corporate expenses headcount are up about 3%. 
Michael Neborak: If you add to the headcount increases, basically what we call same-store merit salary increases, about 2%, across the board obviously. There's a lot of differentiation. Some people get 0, some people get more, but in average, it's about 2%. The 3% headcount increase over those, just trying to explain the expense growth of the third quarter plus that 2% gives you that 4.8%, 4.9% true expense growth in our S&B line that I referred to. 
Michael Neborak: Well, some of them were related to the investor conference, all the activity leading up to that in July and August. Some of it relates to some consulting expenses that we incurred as it -- to support that effort from the beginning of the year through July. So all the expenses really, of that nature. 
Michael Neborak: The year-over-year change is mostly in the third quarter of 2012, we had a $12 million settlement for our India JV, so if you -- that was a onetime. The difference between the third quarter this year and last year is purely that charge that was there in the third quarter last year and not there in this quarter, 2013. 
Michael Neborak: Well, the corporate segment, just let me step back, Meyer, and just tell you what's in that corporate segment again. So we have the intangible amortization in that segment. So that's the only line that is pretty fixed, because we know schedules, so we know what that number is going to be every quarter. And then we have other things related to foreign exchange hedging and some valuation, revaluation foreign exchange on our balance sheet, which runs through there. So those items are pretty unpredictable. So therefore, it jumps around a lot. So if you go back to the intangible amortization, that's about $14 million a quarter, it comes down slightly as you go out, but that's the number that's set. And then everything else revolves around foreign exchange and then to the extent that we have some special charges, for, example, that's the line where we took our operational review charges back in the first quarter this year, that's the line where we took the goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of last year. So all those kind of one-off items typically get booked into there. And also, in the third quarter of 2012, as I mentioned, the settlement that we had to get out of our India JV was recorded to that line. So it's very difficult to predict the real run rate other than that $14 million of intangible amortization that runs through it every quarter. 
Michael Neborak: So Jay, in the quarter there, it was lots of transactions. I think the largest one that got recorded was about a $3 million, $3.5 million fee. So I think in total, the revenues were somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, that's a great question. We don't do that analysis 'til here in the fourth quarter, so I don't have a read for 2014. But I'll just remind you of one thing, we have an agreement with the trustees, which comes up for renewal at the end of this year. It usually takes quite a while to negotiate that. And so for the near term in 2014, we'll be kind of paying into the funding agreement that existed at the end of 2010 until this one gets renegotiated. 
Michael Neborak: That's our goal and at some point during 2014, I hope we'll be able to do that. Today, the reason, basic reason why we don't do it is because we have a cash flow statement. To be quite honest, sometimes it's very difficult to find out the reason for movements and to provide the cash flow statement without being able to explain to you the reasons for movements doesn't seem to be very productive. So the goal is to have that sometime during 2014. 
Michael Neborak: Bob, this is Mike here. So for first 3 quarters of the year, very little charges have come through. We're anticipating the charges really to come through in the fourth quarter and Q1 in 2014, potentially. 
Michael Neborak: Well, there's other associates that we have included in that line item. Gras Savoye is the largest but there are other relatively large ones as well, not anywhere near the size of Gras Savoye. And that line item is a combination of their operating income that they have plus they have some debt that they owe to us and so it's pretty complicated when you factor in all that pieces and trying to dissect it where we present it in a consolidated form back to Gras Savoye. Bob just can't do that. 
Michael Neborak: Well I think -- I don't think you can get $4 million from where we are today. So for example, in the third quarter, we booked $30 million of interest expense. I think the number going forward is going to be closer to $31 million. There were some adjustments around the refinancing this quarter. The number had been about $32 million -- $32 million to $33 million earlier in the year. So I would look at $31 million, $31-plus million going forward. 
Michael Neborak: No, I said that we reduced the effective cost of the portfolio of debt that we have outstanding by about 20 basis points from the actions that we took to refinance all these notes that we tendered for. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, but then there's amortization. For example, all the costs that we had to set up the bank facility, the cost that we had in terms of the discount on the bonds for the underwriters and the other costs get capitalized and they'd get amortization against what I just described there. So you might see what you're -- the math that you're doing, you're not going to see it display that way on our financial statements. 
Timothy Wright: Michael, on Gras Savoye, just a reminder, if we need to. This is a business that has very strong positions in the French market. It's the market leader. It's been somewhat challenged in recent years, a combination of the market environment and the need to restructure that business. There is a relatively new leadership team there and as we have discussed before, they are going through a process of restructuring that business, and that is going well. That takes time but it's going well. So there's nothing new to report on that. And also, the restructuring, I should stress, is both operational to help with the cost side of the equation, but it's also focused on driving growth, both in France and in their international operations. 
Timothy Wright: As you know, we provide some guidance, which we've done in terms of the fourth quarter. All I'd say about 2014 is that we are on track in terms of our medium-term plans with Gras Savoye. 
Timothy Wright: Australia is just, again, a bit of context Australasia, Australia in particular, was in that first category I talked about at the investor conference of turnaround. And the performance you saw in the quarter was a combination of some positive timing that came out of Q2 that I think we talked about in the Q2 call and also, underlying growth. But that they -- I would say, the mix of that was pretty balanced. So it's not just one piece of timing that's driving growth there, it's a combination and we're actually seeing improved, new business wins and high retention, so -- and in terms of the margin, yes, that did drop through to the margin in Australasia in the quarter. 
Timothy Wright: As I say, the uplift we saw was a consequence of the 2 things but we had growth in the quarter in excess of 10% and the key point, I think, is that only part of that was the result of the change in business. It was timing, it wasn't revenue recognition, it was business that normally would've been in Q2 that moved into Q3. But we're still seeing good underlying growth, which is great to see in a business that hasn't had that for some time. 
Timothy Wright: Brian, it's complicated. Obviously, Europe is a very big business for us, it's about 40% of International revenues as you know, and it comprises many different markets and they vary considerably. So from quarter-to-quarter and from country to country, you'll see quite a lot of movement. But in terms of general themes, Europe is obviously in a macroeconomic sense, in a better shape than it was in a few years ago. We would not be the only people to observe that. In terms of our business, we expect to continue to take share by growing in low-single digits and maybe moving that up to mid-single digits. That's our anticipation but that's going to be a result of a combination of lots of ups and downs and variations from country to country, which are not entirely driven by the macroeconomic environment. It depends on segments we compete in, the businesses that we have, et cetera. But as I said at the investor conference, we're confident that we can continue to take share in a flat to low growth environment in Europe through innovation and the things I described in the investor conference. 
Timothy Wright: Yes. I mean the business is making money on an underlying basis. I'm sure the aspiration is that it can make more over time and that's the reason for the restructuring. But as I said, there is a medium-term plan. The shareholders of Gras Savoye are including with it, have agreed and they're heading in the right direction. So very -- I would just say as a gloss, it's a very positive development of the business. We feel very good about what the leadership team at Gras Savoye are doing. 
Todd Jones: So obviously, it's very difficult for us to forecast how many lives we're going to have on this thing going forward, but as we have future calls and can give future updates on the performance of our exchange and the trends we're seeing, we'll certainly do that. And that's probably good segue into your second comment about interest, which has been sort of going back to Dominic's prepared comments, it has been overwhelming in terms of the interest of our client base and prospective clients on just trying to understand the dynamics of the exchange marketplace, both the public and private exchange marketplace, understanding their position around a defined contribution model and how that works going forward. So it's provided a great platform for us to go out and meet with clients and prospects, talking about that, but as well as our other offerings within Human Capital. And finally, your last question, which is a really good one on how were they doing with sort of selling this. And as Dominic mentioned, we rolled this out in May and we spent a good part of the summer sort of educating and training our Human Capital professionals on not only the offering, but what's going on in the marketplace, et cetera, which was a big shift for us in terms of training. I think like anything, the more comfortable you become with the subject and the repetitive conversations that are happening with clients and prospects, you just get more comfortable in selling the concept. All along, our goal was to be sort of an objective advisor in this process, not pushing people to one solution, but providing sort of a range of options and looking at it in terms of their risk profile, their relationship with their employee base and how they want to manage that going forward. So all in all, we've been really encouraged by the progress that we've been making and the work that we've done in that space. 
Todd Jones: Adam, it's Todd again. I think to answer your question, yes. I think we are taking market share in that regard. And I don't know if we've seen necessarily, the downward pressure on commission rates that you're referencing. Obviously, compensation is a bit of a fluid issue in that space, but I think as I look at the trends in that market that we play in, I would look at the growth as definitely gaining market share. 
Todd Jones: So Darren, let me -- I tried to jot down your questions, let me know if I miss any. So it is a single carrier product for active employees only. So we're not looking to attack the retiree market. And there was one other question you had in there that I think I'd missed. 
Todd Jones: Yes. Josh, effectively, our compensation will work in a very similar manner today as it did 2, 3 years ago. We get paid commissions or fees to consult on a placement or a transaction. And doing that transaction, we could also earn additional income out of the sale of ancillary products beyond just the health and welfare products that we would normally transact. So I think if you're trying to get your head around migrating from sort of 1 mile to the other in terms of how we feel about our compensation, the near term, we feel the same in terms of how were comp'd historical levels to future levels. I think the one thing we are excited about is the opportunity to sell additional products and services in through that exchange platform that don't necessarily currently exist today. So we see it as a terrific opportunity going forward. 
Todd Jones: No. We've essentially taken that into account in terms of that relationship in order to deal with any cost relative to the platform. 
