Steven Hearn: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. I was appointed as the Chairman and CEO of Willis Global at the very end of last year. Immediately previous to this, I've been the CEO of Willis Re. I take the opportunity to remind you that the Global business segment includes our Reinsurance business, our Global Specialty business and our third-party and wholesale-focused business, Willis Faber & Dumas. In addition to this, the Global segment incorporates our central team of placement professionals responsible for managing our carrier relationships, our Global Solutions business, led by Martin Sullivan, tasked with increasing our penetration of a target list, very large clients, as well as our analytics leadership and other group-wide client-facing activities.  Many of these business units and activities are market leaders in terms of market share and/or reputation. In every case, we have dedicated sales, service and placement professionals who relentlessly deliver for our clients and other stakeholders. As you've heard today, these businesses have once again performed well in the quarter, and the aggregate driving growth and margin for the group. As I took over my new role at the end of last year, I initiated a 90-day review of all of our businesses in this segment. Whilst it was clear that the businesses that comprised Global were successful, I needed to understand what more we could do to drive growth, improve service, synergies, et cetera. I engaged with the leadership team of the constituent business, carriers with whom we trade, clients and others to gain a view of the challenges we face and the opportunities which we could exploit further. My 90 days ended at the beginning of April, and I'm delighted to report all good news.  In addition to having very strong businesses with good underlying performance, we have considerable opportunity. The opportunity manifests in 2 particular ways: Firstly, opportunity to continue the inherent organic growth in the constituent parts; secondly, a new opportunity to bring the businesses closer together. The businesses are successful, every one of them. We've built a structure that is not as connected as it could be and should be. A structure that manifests through multiple regulated entities, a plethora of P&Ls and brands, too many management layers and some mis-synergies. I've concluded that our structure in Global needs to be simplified and I believe that this can be readily achieved and will bring both short-term and sustainable benefit to our clients, our associates, and, of course, our shareholders. I believe we can better maximize the $40 billion of premium that Willis places on behalf of its clients around the world. We have examples where we have driven significant client benefit through adopting a more coordinated approach, but our structures in Global impede this being consistently delivered. From restructuring our Global business, a simpler, more client friendly, placement-focused structure will emerge. So I'm in change mode now. But good news is I'm pushing on an open door. Having consulted with our representatives of all of our key stakeholders, it's plain to me that there's an overwhelming desire to pursue the new vision for Global, the result and strategy and opportunities that are created.  The management team has been exemplary in helping me manage this process through to the stage that I'm now at. We have a very strong and unique culture at Willis. We're inherently a collegiate, collaborative group. This new structure coupled with our key placement strategy this year, Will Place, will leave us in a position to take these excellent businesses to an even greater level of performance. I'm excited about this opportunity and I know I can speak on behalf of my entire senior team in being certain that our future is very bright indeed.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mike Neborak to discuss our financial results. 
Steven Hearn: It's a long-term plan, no question about it. This is a restructure that we're just starting, I would anticipate the restructure itself wouldn't be in place until later in the year. As I mentioned, we've got regulated entities and various other activities to take into consideration, so it's going to take us a while to get there in terms of the restructure itself. As I said, one of the focus around it is our placement activity, and again, engaging with our carriers in that regard, which will start immediately in terms of rolling out our new strategy but that will manifest itself over the long term. So it's very much a long-term plan in terms of a change in strategy for the Global businesses. 
Steven Hearn: That is absolutely core to the strategy. Will Place, as you've heard before, is a significant strategic initiative for the group, technology that we're rolling out throughout our operations globally and we'll place all of our clients business through Will Place and that is well ahead of where we expect it to be in terms of implementation and will absolutely be at the core of the relationship between our client, Willis, and the carriers with whom we place the business into. 
Steven Hearn: Well I'm certainly not going to follow Joe and Mike and put us back into the guidance business. They are consistently profitable parts of the group, consistently provide growth and I don't expect that to change. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thanks, a lot Mike. Let me just conclude by telling you we feel like we've got it off to the right foot in the first part of the year, but we've got a lot of work to do. Everyone here at Willis is absolutely focused on growing the business, and I promise you, we will continue to do deliver on the Willis Cause. We're available now for any questions that you may have. 
Joseph Plumeri: That's a reasonable question. Let me put it simply. Things are uncertain, Keith, and I don't want to be in the guidance business anymore. For example, right after we reported our fourth quarter results, we learned of a fraud that was uncovered in one of North America's stand-alone businesses and learned we had to reverse some revenue and take an additional charge and it may affect that business, going -- the revenues going forward. We recently finished up that conversation and that investigation, and it's behind us. But it's just another example of just how difficult and uncertain and unexpected any of these things could be, and I don't want to be in that business anymore, it's as simple as that. 
Joseph Plumeri: Basically, what we're making reference to is the fact that the economy, generally speaking, is getting a little bit better, but it's not getting -- it's not great. And people aren't buying more insurance. And you have rates going up and some exposures, and you simply don't find people because they've got to pay more, a little bit more for insurance, buying more insurance. So you don't see exposures going up as well as rates going up at the same time. So you've got to understand that they mitigate each other as a result of that. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think of the opportunities more in terms of the opportunity that you have to buy something that is in the right place, in the right geography, in the right segment, in the right business, and what our needs are, more than I do against the mathematics or the economics of whether it's cheaper to buy back your stock or cheaper to buy a company. Sometimes, you've got to look at the long-term effect of your strategy, where you want to be, how you want to grow a particular region, how you want to grow a particular business. And as a result of that, you then make a decision as to what's best. If you do it purely on an economic basis, the economics will always come out that you should buy stock back. But when you do that, at the end of a period of time, all you're going to do is have no company and a lot of stock that you bought back. So it's got to be done on a basis of your strategy and what that strategy does to help you grow your business. 
Joseph Plumeri: We had separated the Reinsurance business out a long time ago. As part of that separation where we kind of took over that part of the French Reinsurance business, that put option was put into place years ago when we first initiated that particular program. 
Joseph Plumeri: I look at both, as you know. I've always been an organic growth guy. I've always been a sales guy. And after that, I've always suggested that it's great to grow your revenue, but if you don't turn revenue into margin, it doesn't matter very much. So the answer's both. I think we have to be in the 4%, 5% organic growth range to be able to sustain the high margins that we have. And obviously, we're working, as you hear from everybody, very hard to be able to, at the end of the year, look back and see that we've grown organically 4%, 5% and that's what our goal is and we hope to sustain our margins by virtue of doing it. 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, as I said before, and as we have discussed on these calls and individual meetings, we got a lot to do here. So I concentrate all my time on running this business, which is what my job is. And I'll let the Board worry about succession, which is what they do, that's the job of a Board. And so the Board is worrying about succession, and I'm worrying about achieving our goals this year and making this company the great company that I think it is. There's no other timetable there. 
Joseph Plumeri: It's a high priority of the Board simply because everybody knows my contract is up July 7, 2013. It's their job to make it a high priority. It is my job to make the highest priority running this business every day. 
Joseph Plumeri: I would say yes on both counts. They are pushing rate and they are seriously about continuing pushing rate. 
Joseph Plumeri: Let me make a comment on that. Obviously, when you have a very good part of the business that has that kind of margin, you don't satisfy yourself by saying the margin is so good, you can't do any better. So that's it. What Steve has been talking about in terms of reorganizing the business and looking at Global from a different perspective, is to find ways that we can maximize our ability for all of those various divisions inside of Global to work more cooperatively so that we can increase margins. So the whole point is not be satisfied. They're high, you can't be satisfied and say they're already high, and then on these calls, we say to you, "They're high, you can't -- what do you expect from me?" We're always looking for better ways and different ways and new ways to improve our margins, so the answer to the question is, is we expect the margins to be higher, which is the reason for the restructuring and taking a fresh look at that whole Global operation, even though it's as good as it is. 
Joseph Plumeri: The other issue too, in specs, in that division, there was a onetime accounting provision that I talked about on a comparable basis that was about $6 million a year ago, which threw the margin off or those numbers would be much higher. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think that's an accurate description of life. I do. I don't know that there's been a time that I've been the CEO this company, which is 12 years, when that hasn't been the case. You're always trying to hold on to producers, you're always trying to hold on to clients, you're always trying to cut cost, but not too many costs, you're always trying to invest in the business, but not so much that you spend too much money and your expenses go up. You're always trying to do those things. The only difference is, is that to the extent that those things happen, based upon the economic environment or the issues that you have to go through at a particular time, like the economic meltdown of the last 3 years, or trying to do an HRH deal when that happens, it obviously modulates the course of events that you dictated and did very well. But those things happen all the time. That's why you run a business the way you do. You choose to recruit a bunch of producers from a certain place and you say to yourself, are you going to have an expense problem that year or are they going to be accretive, and should you take the chance of hiring them, or take the chance to bring those accounts at all. Should you do that acquisition in this particular place to be able to bolster a position, and therefore take the money out of your balance sheet to do it, or you should use that money to buy stock? Or you should make investments, and, like Mike said in the systems that we do, and then suffer the depreciation cost that go along with that, which hurts your P&L over a long-term basis. It's a constant juggling act against the basis of your strategy. If your strategy says this is where you want to be, and you look at your strategy when you're making those decisions, and you're saying to yourself, is it relevant? Is a correct? Does it correlate to what we want to do, then you do it. So I think all of the issues that you talked about are absolutely correct, we do that every day. Now we're just, you've got another ingredient in the mix, which is rate. Obviously, the carriers would like the rate to go up, our job is to make sure that we get the best prices and terms and conditions for our clients, and so it's a tug-of-war between those 2 issues against the backdrop in America, still of a economy that is not that great, people are not running up and down, looking for -- to buy more insurance, they're looking at [indiscernible] rate, or [indiscernible] limit -- less limit, they're looking at retention levels or looking at all sorts of things that make sure that the rate doesn't affect them a lot. So the best I can tell you is, is it that you're right along all those lines, and that's the way we run our business every day. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think that's an excellent question, if we were still in business school. Simply because the conditions differ from time to time when it's, when things are easy, when it's a -- markets are going in your direction, the economy's great, you're not dealing with fluctuations around the world, the rate, economy, foreign exchange, all of those sorts of things. If everything is great, then it's terrific to be a public company because you don't have those things to deal with. When you got a lot of difficulties to deal with, and you've got a lot of issues to deal with, you want to invest in the business, obviously it's better to do it on a private basis. So it's a difficult question to answer, I mean it's an obvious one. And I don't think there's an advantage at one point or a disadvantage at another point. It just has to do where you are, the place and time, how you got there. We got here because we were purchased by Will -- by KKR, everybody's been invest in the business needs an exit strategy. You either sell it to somebody else or you go public, and we went public and quite frankly, have done quite well over that period. 
Joseph Plumeri: So Mark, what I would say is on the Associate side, if you look at the quarterly progression, I mean, typically, the first quarter is always the best for the Associates line and in fact, in the second and third quarters, you'll see negative figures on that line. And then in the fourth quarter, it's also a decent figure for that line. So I wouldn't read anything into the first quarter other than kind of on a comparable basis, in the quarter, a year ago, basically the numbers are flat, so that's how I would look at it. 
Michael Neborak: Well listen Keith, as Joe mentioned, we're not in the guidance business anymore, so I'm not going to comment any further on that. We're just not giving guidance. 
Michael Neborak: Listen Keith, I'm not giving guidance, I'm not going to give guidance on expenses and then back into other figures, and as Joe mentioned, we're out of the guidance business. 
Michael Neborak: So I -- just a point of clarification, in the first quarter we bought the 49% interest in Gras Savoye Re that we did not own, we'd own 51%. It has nothing to do with the large Gras Savoye Re in terms of the put option you're referring to. So the 2 are total separate. I think that's where you're a little bit... 
Michael Neborak: I don't know. I mean I think the Reinsurance business has done fairly well. These things are triggered on certain formulas, so it would be based purely on the results of the business from that period of time until now. 
Michael Neborak: Well first of all, I can't really give you numerically, in response to your the first part of the question, kind of numbers associated with kind of where those producers are, geography by geography. And at this point, to the comments I made in the expense section about some of the challenging comparables, that reflect the fact that we did add producers and other staff to areas that will support our growth in the long term during the beginning at the end of the second quarter of 2011 and consistently up through the remainder of 2011. 
Michael Neborak: I think if you look at the expense growth as I characterized in the first quarter, a lot of it came from the amortization of the retention awards. Those awards get pushed down into all the businesses and so what you see there in terms of margin compression I would attribute to that at the Global level. 
