Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. As I've discussed before, strategic acquisitions are a key aspect of our growth strategy, and we continue to make progress having brought in high-quality businesses in 2014 to further strengthen our client proposition and our growth prospects. We have continued our progress on this strategy with the announcement of the proposed Miller and Gras Savoye transactions. Today, I'd like to talk more about Gras Savoye and what it means for Willis. Take a look at Slide 10. First, a reminder of some of what Gras Savoye would bring to the combined firm. A strong footprint in France, where it is the largest broker and where it holds a strong market share in French Large Accounts and enjoys a leading position in the mid-market sector. The expertise and reach to serve multinationals, including in France, which is home to 31 of the Fortune Global 500, a number that ranks it fourth globally and first in Europe. Access to high-growth economies and insurance markets, including Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and a comprehensive network of 42 offices in 31 countries across Africa. Strong Property & Casualty product capabilities and employee benefits for us. In the graph, you see that our network of wholly owned country operations in a combined Willis Gras Savoye would double in size from 42 pre-acquisitions to 84. We believe this transaction would give us one of the largest wholly owned country networks in our industry, further enhancing Willis' ability to serve the needs of the multinational corporations around the world. Let me conclude with these points on the transaction and our strategy as a whole. This union would be the next step in a longstanding relationship that has spanned decades. Over the decades, we have worked closely many times as a joint force to win business. We have strong ties and great relationships with the management team and many of the terrific Gras Savoye employees around the world. It is our belief that combining the entities into one fully integrated company will allow us to continue to add value to client offerings, provide great opportunities for employees of both firms and help us to build shareholder value into the future. Finally, let me return to where we started, our strategy. As I said, you see all 3 pillars of our strategy in action in this quarter's results: Organic growth through our diversified portfolio; strategic M&A; and operational improvement. It is this deliberate and determined approach that is enabling us to sustain good momentum overall in an external context of uneven economic performance and a challenging rate environment. Going forward, we remain confident in our prospects and believe we are well positioned to achieve our stated goals for the year. The 3 elements of our strategy come together to drive growth in earnings, improve our margins and increase cash flow, with the overall aspiration to bring value to our shareholders. And now, I'll turn the call over to question-and-answers. Over to the operator. 
Dominic Casserley: If I could step in here and add to this. Remember we're very focused on growing our cash flow and EBITDA. And so when we're buying businesses, what we're really focused on is their impact on our cash flow over time and growing our cash flow, which is a combination of the value of those franchises and the profits they're building today and our ability to improve those over time. And what we are already seeing is that the businesses we have bought continue to perform well when they're part of the Willis family, and we see significant revenue and cost synergies all the time from many of them. So we are really focused on the medium-term, in fact, immediate- and medium-term impact on the cash flow generation, and so far, everything is very positive. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, and I think we're positive about where our underlying spread will move, but obviously, the timing of when Miller closes and how -- and the big thing there, of course, is the accelerated amortization, which affects heavily the short-term underlying spread you see. So that's why we're hesitant to given that. We want you -- we've given clear guidance on what we think we can do organically. And then, the timing around some of the -- closing of some of these transactions is going to have an effect on how the amortization flows through. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me start having Steve Hearn talk about that and maybe Nicolas may -- might want to add. But let me have Steve start talking about the energy outlook. 
Dominic Casserley: And Josh, clearly another point of that effect. For 2016, the portfolio effect will be even stronger with the addition of Miller and the addition of Gras Savoye. So we're again adding specialist capabilities in those markets, in Miller's, for a specialized position in the wholesale markets in London, but further diversifying our exposure to any one particular market. Now where else would you like us to go to? I think we've covered the United States... 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, I think we said that this was a reinsurance booking. Steve, do you want to talk a little bit... 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, let me start and then I'm going to hand it over to John. Our overall view is -- on acquisitions overall, let me remind you, is that we are focused on specialized franchises, either geographically or by line of business. And secondly, very, very importantly, institutions and people, because what we're really buying is people here and their talent who really want to become part of Willis, and that requires long-term compensations, not always as long as the decades we've been in conversation with Gras Savoye, but certainly for a long period of time, and it largely lead us away from auctioned situations but instead exclusive conversations. So that's our philosophy. Once we have those assets, we then look obviously very carefully at our financial capability and flexibility. You've heard John talk about, obviously, we're driving things from cash and cash flow and then debt, either our revolver, which we tend not to think of as an appropriate source for long-term funding and then the long-term markets, which at the moment are at an interesting set of levels. And then of course, in that context, we then worry about our overall credit rating and our position with our creditors and the financial markets. And we've broadly been operating within the context of remaining investment grade. That's our broad philosophy. Now let me hand over to John to give a bit more detail on that. 
Dominic Casserley: So strongly positive from a cash EPS basis and basically flat from an underlying basis, which includes the amortization. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me start by saying [ph], the one piece of guidance we have given you and the only piece of guidance we have given you on margin is related to our organic margin or what's going to happen to our difference between our organic revenues and organic expenses, right? And that we have said will -- there will be a 130 basis points or more spread between those 2 numbers in 2015. As I think, we tried to answer in an earlier question, translating that precisely into what happens to the underlying margin. While, of course, it will be supportive of the underlying margin significantly, the timing of acquisitions and when they come in and when the amortization starts to flow through and exactly how we fund those acquisitions, short term versus long term and, therefore, what the debt cost will be, makes it a little harder to translate that immediately into what the underlying increase in margin will be in '15 because of that reason. That's why when we gave you guidance on what would happen to spread between revenues and costs, we focused you on organic because of all the other complications which just flow through in timing issues, et cetera, on underlying. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. And I think we said we are going to give you a pretty full update on how we see the Operational Improvement Program progressing and how we see it flowing through our financials in our second quarter earnings update in July, where we will address many of these issues. Frankly, giving -- not to preface that conversation, but getting into quarter-by-quarter exactly how the restructuring expenses will flow, as we look out into 2016 and 2017, is a little difficult to do, I think. We can do it at an annual level, but the details of exactly when the particular parallel running and other costs will actually fall when we start looking out gets a little harder to be that precise looking 2 years ahead. But bear with us and we will give you a full update of where we are and how we see this flowing through our financials in July. 
Dominic Casserley: You broadly do. And I think the same analogy is not a bad one. But let me hand over to John to make sure the precision of what we're doing in and out there is clear to you. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I was just referring to the conditions, I think, Jay, that you are very, very familiar with, which is everyone knows that the reinsurance markets are interesting with consolidation of the large ends and pricing pressure around, particularly, Florida cat, the access of alternative capital. I think Todd talked about the fact that we've seen flattish rate; slightly down; some things up as in North America; some things slightly down; some markets we see aviation rates continue to be challenging, et cetera. So we're seeing that. I don't think I had necessarily said they're going to away in the second half of the year. I don't think we are saying that at all. We continue to believe, and I think I've said many, many times on calls that we never budget or operate on the basis that we will be in a hard market. We believe that what's going on in our markets, yes, there are ups and downs, but across our diversified portfolio, that would be a mistake to budget or act on that basis. But we are seeing in particular some of our segments, we're seeing some of that rate pressure, and you'll start seeing that in some of the relative growth rates between some of our segments. On the other hand, we benefit from some markets, which are stronger and growing and harder than that, e.g., we continue to see good growth in our human benefit practice. In some of our international markets, we continue to see good growth in our market share and in some pricing. So that's what I meant. But I think I was trying to particularly single that some of our segments during the course of the year are facing year-on-year pricing differentials, which you're seeing in our results. But again, our diversified portfolio or specialty businesses gives us the ongoing ability to deliver single-digit organic revenue growth. 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think that was a -- I think we were referring to a revenue item. But Steve -- let me have Steve clarify that. 
Dominic Casserley: Let me just reiterate a couple of things that may have just got lost with the overlay of speech there. When John was talking -- confirming the $0.02 tailwind for FX over the course of the rest of the year, that was assuming March 31 rates, which is what you said, John, but that's what the assumption is there. Secondly, his general point that we do really try to get you focused on the trends in our cash flow looking on an annual basis. Things move around each quarter, right? There are timing issues in each quarter, which can affect numbers. We're trying to get -- we gave you guidance for the year in terms of that spread, for instance. It will move around during the course of the quarter based upon the timing of particular revenues being booked, particular expenses being booked. So that's why we're trying to focus you on the annual number. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we've given you the 2014 number, right? That's what the EBITDA number is for Gras Savoye in 2014, and we believe it's growing in 2015, as Tim outlined. By the time, we get to the end of the year, we'll have clarity on what it's grown to, but we've given you as best as we can see based upon the first quarter. It's been growing quite nicely. 
Dominic Casserley: Let me take it in 2 parts. First of all, let me be clear. Our acquisition strategy is not, "let's go out and buy stuff." It's are there interesting specialized franchises, which we think would fit well with our organization, and we believe the people in those organizations want to be part of Willis. And that's how we ended up sitting down some time ago thinking through which franchises are particularly interesting and which groups of people did we think would blend particularly well into Willis. And what you're seeing is the result of that work undertaken some time ago, coming to fruition. And I do not have on the horizon, obviously, anything of the same scale that we're thinking about in terms of an acquisition. Secondly, in terms of the management of the business. The good news is that these are actually largely nonoverlapping activities. So if you think of the Miller integration, that obviously largely involves our management team in London. It is largely a London business and is deeply ingrained into our London businesses, and you know that we're moving some assets from -- some people from Miller to Willis and vice versa, and that is deeply engaging, those management teams. Meanwhile, the Gras Savoye acquisition involves a different management team. Again, in complementary businesses, in this case with hardly any overlap, which makes the integration challenges relatively low and all the upsides in terms of cross-selling and going to clients together, all upside for people. So the reaction internally is incredibly positive about the opportunities it creates internally within Gras Savoye and within Willis. The Operational Improvement Program cuts across elements of that, right, but not all elements at all. And we are very much engaged in making sure that the management of that process does not get intertwined or upset by the acquisition activities. It's sort of not involved in the Gras Savoye side at all. And with Miller, it's not really affecting the bits that are moving back and forth. So all in, we are very comfortable of the way we're managing this. I think that was our last question. Is that right? So I'd like to thank, everybody, for coming and joining our call. Reiterate that we are very excited about the growth potential and cash flow potential and shareholder value potential of the 3 parts of our strategy: Organic growth, driving an organic margin development, driving a value-added M&A and the impact over time of our Operational Improvement Program. And we look forward to talking to you again in July. Thank you very much indeed. 
John Greene: Yes. Actually, looking at the balance of what happened, so we certainly performed well on the top line. So the organic growth coming in at 3.4%, supplemented by the acquisitions certainly helped. We did have a movement, as Dominic mentioned in his commentary, of a particular reinsurance contract that historically is booked in the second quarter, booked in the first quarter. We actually had more on the expense side. We had more, what I'll say, pressure from the Gras Savoye due diligent costs that we -- that I mentioned of $4 million. We also had about $3 million of costs related to Miller that came through. We expect a little bit more to come through when the transaction closes. So no significant one-offs. There was a little bit of timing, and we're in a pretty good position, I think. 
John Greene: Yes. So we thought about those statements carefully. We -- obviously, we gave annual guidance as part of the fourth quarter earnings call. We're going to stick with that earnings guidance, and we're going to manage to it. And if the top line continues and our expense base continues to be managed as we have, we see that we're going to deliver the 130 basis points and possibly a little bit of upside on that. 
John Greene: Yes. So as we talked $0.15 negative impact on the first quarter, the range I gave was a full year impact. So we see -- so if rates remain exactly where they were as of March 31, I want to emphasize that point because we do know that rates have moved in April a little bit, actually the euro strengthened marginally. But if they were to remain exactly where they were as of March 31, we would see that range of $0.13 to $0.10 for the full year. 
John Greene: The improvement happens in the third quarter. We see a pickup in the third quarter just based on the flow of the revenues coming through. 
John Greene: Yes. So the organic obviously strips out the acquisitions, so 12 months of acquisition revenue and expenses and operating income. The difference between organic and underlying, therefore, is the acquisitions and what we ended up buying are companies with margins that are slightly lower than what Willis has posted and that results in a lower margin. But we also paid a valuation when we bought those companies that reflected the margin rates that the companies had and obviously, we're managing them. And we expect to drive some synergies over the longer term, but it's not going to happen immediately, so that does impact it. There's also the impact of amortization that comes through, so the difference between the assets and the purchase price -- the net assets and the purchase price, that comes through and that impacts the underlying numbers. 
John Greene: So we're having ongoing conversations with the trustees, so I really can't get into much detail in terms of the funding arrangement. The key impact for the quarter, however, was freezing the pension. So basically, the impact of that is participants' salary increases aren't reflected in the defined benefit calculation going forward upon their retirement or exit from the company. And if you take a look at the balance sheet on Page 12 of the press release, it shows that the pension benefit asset actually moved materially, almost $300 million, and that related to the -- frankly the valuation as a result of freezing it. So there will be some income benefit for Willis over the next 7, 8 years in terms of amortization of, what I'll say, is expense or cost of the pension. The actuarial deficit also changed materially as a result of freezing those pension benefits. So we think that we're in a fairly good position in terms of where we are from an accounting and a business perspective. It's really important that we treat our people fairly and create a fair outcome for our people in terms of ensuring the pension is funded appropriately. But there are those contingencies associated with the funding arrangements that were implemented about 3 years ago that we're looking to mitigate over time. But we'll see how the conversations go with the trustees. 
John Greene: So rates are actually at a fantastic level to fund a transaction like this with debt, and we're exploring options. The one option that is probably predominant at this time is a Eurobond, probably sometime in the fourth quarter, and the order of magnitude could be somewhere between $500 million and $600 million. Now, we're going to continue to explore other options. As you know, we have the RCF with $800 million of capability there. We haven't touched it. I don't think that's a good way to fund a long-term transaction. So we'll look at our cash position when we get closer to closing and make a call. So as I said, I think it will be something between $500 million and $600 million and where it stands right now, if euro rates remain where they, it might be the Eurobond. 
John Greene: Yes. So we gave guidance on an organic basis, and I'm a little bit hesitant right now to provide some additional or enhanced guidance on an underlying basis, given we're going to have some transaction costs coming through and the impact of amortization on these transactions. So 130 basis points organic is pretty good. You know the pipeline in terms of the 2 significant transactions where -- that we're going to close. So I would say use the data we provided, and it should give you a pretty good indication of the underlying numbers. 
John Greene: I think it's lower than the guidance we gave. So during the Q&A in the December call, related to the December results, I mentioned something around 25% and in the quarter, we benefited from the mix of revenue as well as the strengthening of provision on our balance sheet that we were able to release. So I would think in terms of the range, 25%. And obviously, it's an important piece of the income statement that we continue to look at. 
John Greene: Yes. So it's -- the benefit is reflected in S&B, so it's part of employee benefits. And the $10 million is a year-over-year change, and some of that, as I said in my prepared script, related to the -- frankly the actuarial view of our interest income or earnings from the pension and the other piece had to do with the freeze. So we can expect for the year, this first quarter here, was better than -- $10 million better. Going forward, the way we're looking at it, it's likely to repeat. 
John Greene: Yes. So Dan, the specifics around our covenants. So there's plenty of room on the covenants. So we were -- from a debt-to-EBITDA standpoint, we were at 2.6 as of the end of the year. If we were to fund the Gras Savoye transaction with debt, that could go up to 2.9, and we see a horizon where it drops back down to 2.6 in a relatively short amount of time, so within 24 to 30 months. So we're comfortable with that. Our bank covenants are 3.2 -- between 3.25 and 3.5, depending on the particular nature of what's driving the EBITDA debt. So we're well within threshold, and we continue to manage it, as Dominic mentioned. 
John Greene: We covered that on the previous call. So we -- from a cash EPS, it definitely will be. And I think for next year, we said -- I don't have the details in front of me, but I think we said it was about neutral, as I recall, or slightly up. 
John Greene: Could you just repeat that question so we're absolutely clear -- when you say starting point, starting point for what? Just to be able to answer your question clearly. 
John Greene: I will. So -- yes, so when we look at where we were '14 to '15, so the difference was a deterioration of about $69 million, and there were largely 4 components driving that. So there was the cash impact to the Operational Improvement Program that was about $20 million. There were year-over-year increased contributions to the defined benefit plan of $16 million. There were translation impacts from operating income from the FX coming through, which amounted to about $20 million. And then, the change in the balance sheet was the balance of about $10 million. So that explains the operating cash flow year-over-year. In terms of the movements from December 31 to March 31, the first quarter is a big quarter with incentive payments. So we accrue as the year goes on, but actually, the cash goes out the door, a majority of it happens in the first quarter, and that's really the driver of that decrease in the cash when you look at 12/31 to March 31. 
John Greene: And then on the associate line, there was about $3 million FX that hit that, so you strip that out and on an underlying basis, you're up about 8% there, so good performance in the quarter. In terms of a cash EPS and how we're thinking about the business. Looking at the past 12 months, in terms of some of the things we did, in terms of breaking out underlying and organic and reported and trying to create some symmetry there and consistency, the idea of adding a new metric in this year, I thought would create some -- frankly some confusion in the marketplace. And given the timing of the transactions and some non-cash items that are likely to happen, as we mentioned valuation reserve could be reversed at some point in the second half of the year, my feeling was cash EPS is definitely the right way to go but not likely in '15, certainly for '16, which seemed to make a lot of sense with Gras Savoye transaction and Miller coming in. 
John Greene: So Tom, yes, you are broadly right. It is same-store concepts, but the one nuance to the definition would be 12 months after an acquisition is closed or a disposal, we pull the 12 months of activity from that acquisition out of organic so that we get a pure view for the 12-month window. After 12 months, it becomes part of organic and logically, that makes sense because you do -- activate your integration activities and it really becomes embedded within your operations. 
John Greene: Yes, about half of it. We hadn't froze the pension, the U.K. pension at the time. And we didn't know for certain what the impact would be on that. 
John Greene: Well, obviously -- I'll answer the second part of your question in a second. Obviously, we are somewhat constrained by the fact that we're in the middle of legal proceedings in this situation. Let me give you some general points and then answer the specific. I don't intend get into details of the case, but let me be very clear to everyone and to you listening that we will always pursue legal redress against individuals and companies where we believe unlawful action has compromised the interest of our clients, our staff, the carriers we work with and our shareholders. And we intend to pursue this particular case vigorously to trial for the maximum recovery. Secondly, we are committed to investing and continually improving our offering to the fine arts and jewelry and species [ph] clients that you were talking about, and we've appointed a new Global CEO of that business, Seth Peller. He is enthusiastically being supported by our organization and by associated organizations, and we intend to grow that business very significantly. As to the overall size of the business we're talking about, it is, as part of the whole of Willis, very small. 
John Greene: Yes. So Mike, I think the way I would look at it is, I would take a look at the total year and in a particular quarter, depending on the nature of the particular incentive plan and the geography, it could result in an increase in incentives recognized in that quarter and then there are certain triggers when businesses achieve production awards beyond a certain level that create accelerators. So the concept of trying to do this on a quarterly basis with a degree of precision, especially when you don't have that level of access that obviously folks in the company have, would be really hard. So in terms of that $8 million issue, I would look at that as a, kind of, total year. It doesn't change the total year dynamics. The reason we flagged that was, we wanted to make sure you had a view in terms of what was driving the first quarter and give you some insight into the second quarter. 
John Greene: Just one other point, Mike, if you do follow the financial statements filed in France by Gras Savoye to the regulator, you're going to see French GAAP numbers. So unless you're an expert in French GAAP to U.S. GAAP, it will be pretty, pretty hard to do. So we tried to simplify that for you in the announcement of the transaction. 
John Greene: Yes, the only thing I would add, Mike, is we have a fairly efficient balance sheet from an equity shareholder standpoint, given the leverage level. We're also investment grade. At this point, the board is certainly committed to maintaining that rating. So what we're trying to do is, in the context of a low rate environment, make sure we're making the best choices in terms of the capital structure, the balance sheet. So the rate environment changes, certainly our planning around the capital structure of the company will change. That's how I think about it. 
John Greene: Yes, so the $175 million that we talked about in February, that's what we intend to do. That will offset the share creep, as Dominic mentioned. We did put some thresholds in, in terms of if the stock price goes over a certain level, then from a cash and capital management standpoint, it becomes less -- it makes less sense to accelerate buybacks or continue buybacks. So if that were the case, the buybacks would taper off. 
Timothy Wright: A couple of things. You asked about the, I guess, the momentum of the business in '15 and then also what we see as future growth opportunities over time. I think, as we said earlier, 2015 Gras Savoye will not be part of the group according to the plan. They will become part of the group in beginning of 2016. We see positive momentum in both top line and bottom line and margin in Gras Savoye in 2015, as evidenced by very strong first quarter, which, as you know, is the largest quarter by far of Gras Savoye. I think it's about 40% of the revenues of Gras Savoye come in the first quarter. So they have really positive momentum in the first quarter of 2015. In terms of revenue opportunities over time, given the complementary nature of our 2 businesses, we are -- they are where we are not, and the combination creates the opportunity for us to grow jointly as a result. We see substantial revenue opportunities over time once they are part of the group, bringing our collective capabilities to bear and combining our footprint. In terms of precise numbers, we're working through our plans with respect to what that would mean financially, so it's too early to say. They won't be part of the group until the end of the year, but we think there's significant incremental growth opportunity from the combination. 
Timothy Wright: Thank you, Dominic. So just first of all on the fourth quarter, 15% growth, we're very pleased with that, but we did call out that it benefited from some year-on-year comparables and that actually if you excluded that, it was probably more like 11%, which we were still very pleased with. And full year number was more like 9% overall for the last year. And then again, if you filter out back, fourth quarter comparables would be 7%, 7.5%. And that gives you an indication of what the last year was. Q1 result at over 5% is in line with what we've seen in the past for the first quarter. And we'll be confident that, that puts us in a good place for the rest of the year. And on Russia, which you called out, obviously, we have a fabulous business in Russia, a great market position and have benefited from that in the past and talked about that fact in past. Clearly, the combination of sanctions, which have restricted the capital markets and hence project business, which is a large part of our portfolio is a pressure, and the decline of the ruble, apart from the FX impact, does impact asset values. We actually had a good first quarter in Russia, but we do expect some pressure from that to come over the remainder of the year, but we still feel positive about the overall results of International for the full year. 
Timothy Wright: As Dominic said, in the same way that the group has the benefit of a portfolio effect, so does the International business. So in any given year, we'll have some businesses that are performing very strongly and others that are a bit more challenged, and the portfolio effect helps us to average those out. 
Timothy Wright: Thanks, Dominic. So first thing to say is the way in which we calculated the price was broadly in line with the formula in our existing shareholder agreement, which is a document of public record, and that is a formula that's based on a combination of revenue and EBITDA for 2014 and '15. Obviously, by accelerating and making a firm offer now, we have taken a view on '15 based on the experience at beginning of the year and our best estimates for the remainder of the year. Into that calculation and to your thinking, you should factor the fact that 2015 looks very good, as I said earlier, in all respects. So we saw an improvement in 2014 in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion, and we see more of that from the experience of the fourth quarter, which is the largest first quarter -- first quarter, which is the largest. And then in terms of the associate line, you're absolutely right. The associate line is predominantly Gras Savoye. That was lower than you would expect, given that forward momentum due to FX and the other -- performance of our other associates, which was principally around timing. So we don't -- you shouldn't join the dots on the associate line and 2015 performance to conclude that the performance is down and, therefore, we overpaid. 
