Dominic Casserley: I think, we actually want try and match the actions we're takings to the charges we actually take along the way, and if we want you to be able to monitor that very closely. I think it's actually what we believe, I think, it's much better to have more transparency on, we've taken particular actions in this quarter. They have cost us x and then you can start to track how they -- the savings come. But we feel very strongly that the approach we're taking is actually more transparent and clearer for everyone. 
Dominic Casserley: So obviously, as we laid out our plan for 70 basis points or more gap between revenues and costs over the medium term, we had a range of cost-saving actions that we would take over that time. Some of those may be partly involved in this program. But I think, we definitely believe that as we've added to our analysis, this is an opportunity for additional cost savings. 
Dominic Casserley: We laid out a plan -- this is a good question, we laid out a plan to achieve 70 basis points or more improvement in revenue percentages over the medium term, and that would definitely regard 2014 to 2017 as the medium term. So we will be targeting to use that sort of performance during that long time period. 
Dominic Casserley: We -- Josh, I got to repeat what I said, which is that we've set a target in July last year of improving our operating margin on average over the medium-term of about 70 basis points between revenues and costs. We remain committed to achieving that, and we believe that the operational improvement program both underpins our ability to do that and gives us the opportunity to see that target, too. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as you know, we don't give medium-term guidance exactly on how revenues and costs are going to sort of flow. But what I think we can -- and we've also said that some elements of the savings we're achieving on the program, we may put towards reinvestment to further drive growth, but have made clear that we think the majority of the savings will fall to the bottom line. So I think, the way to think about this, as I said this already to you, is that we expect over the medium-term to be meeting the commitment we made in the middle of 2013, and it's this program that helps underpin that and drive further improvements over the medium and longer-term. 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think, Bob, you've got the analysis right. As we've said back in July, we do believe that we have the opportunity to grow cash flow faster than operating profits because some of our CapEx and pension contributions, we believe, will be flat, while we continue to grow the company and that we continue to believe. I think, the impact of the program on cash flow is really through what it does to operating profits is that we expect, as we said, between now and the end of 2017, that the charges we take and the improvement to profit will basically be a wash. So maybe some slight timing difference between those 2 things. And we will give you a further update on that later in the year. But broader, we see them being a wash, but quarter-to-quarter, there might be slight differentials. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me talk about John Greene. John comes to us from experience in GE and most frequently at HSBC. The qualities I was looking for, well, obviously, many of those qualities that we have in our existing CFO. John also comes with a significant global experience having operated around the world. And also, I was looking for ability to help us drive and monitor operational improvement. And from his background, John brings that to us, too. Other changes, the most notable might be the appointment of David Martin to be CEO of Willis Ltd. I'll have Steve Hearn talk about that change. 
Dominic Casserley: I mean, I think, what we can say generically is that we are committed to, I think, to grow and drive our business. We do believe that Willis offers a very exciting platform for talents across both property and casualty and human capital and benefits activities. And we are having interesting discussions with a number of people who see the growth opportunities with us. That is -- doesn't need proof. The number of incoming calls we are getting from professionals in those areas who are noticing what we are doing and are interested in joining us is significant and we are very excited about it. I will actually turn to Tim Wright, who will just update you on the comp expense from the human capital space globally. As you know, we asked him to oversee our practice in human capital and benefits globally, as we start to coordinate that business globally. Tim, I just wanted you to talk about the property itself. 
Dominic Casserley: That's a good question. And we do plan, probably on our October call, to give you an update on that on our view on the timing of the charges we will take. I think, broadly, as I said, we see the timing to be close to the savings, but we wanted to give you more detail on that on our October call. And I think, it will be -- you're right, there may be some, slightly early you take a charge and you'd see the savings a little later, but we will give you more information on that, on that call. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, maybe the easier number to focus on is our annualized base of 300 in 2018, right? About that number. That is a number against our view of what projected expenses would be in 2018. So it is a reduction against that as for the base. 
Dominic Casserley: No. I think, the -- first of all, let me just go through the cost savings economics [ph] again for you. We see the immediate return quite rapid, right? So that's why we're saying that we will take a charge and [indiscernible] savings and those are a wash during the course of 2014 to '17. In terms of other investments we make, which are almost overwhelmingly in client-facing activities, new businesses, et cetera, the returns are obviously often much faster than that. In some businesses we take, we hire people, they join us, and their impact can be positive in-year. In most cases, when we hire people, we would except them to be definitely positive in year 2, definitely positive in year 2. So the return on building new businesses and hiring capabilities we tend to find is reasonably rapid. As I sustained [ph], some cases, very rapid indeed. But we definitely look to see, as we build businesses, see returns in the year after we are investing. 
Dominic Casserley: No. These are -- we have are a reasonably scaled business today. We -- I should go back and reiterate, we have said months developing this plan, in great detail. And it is based upon specific actions we see in the location of our staff in the evolving -- the evolution of our real estate base and in consolidating and rationalizing some of our [indiscernible] IT. Those are actions, which are based upon the days cost save [ph] and the natural way we do growing. And we're not relying upon further growth or further economies of scale to achieve the savings. 
Dominic Casserley: It's a good question. And it's obviously a reiteration of, I think, Josh's question right up front. And the answer is, I think, I was trying to reiterate again, we are committed over the medium term and that includes [indiscernible] 2017 to the 70 basis points or more gap between revenues and expenses. This program both underpins our confidence in that program and our ability to get those targets and our ability to deliver 70 basis points or more. That's how we see this program. The exact division between how much of this is helping us get to 70 and how much will push us beyond 70 is hard to say. And definitely, by the time you get to 2018, because the world will have evolved, but we absolutely will say that this should both underpin the 70 basis points commitment and help us exceed it as we move forward. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we will give you guidance along that -- along the way of the program. Obviously, as you would expect and as you would want us to do, that will be based upon the attractiveness of investments along the way. But we do believe that the majority of the savings will fall to the bottom line. But it obviously -- you would want us to do and would be wise, if in 2016, 2017, we saw specific investment opportunities with spectacular return, we should be investing in those, we will do so. But we absolutely believe that the majority of these savings will fall to earnings. 
Dominic Casserley: We completely hear you. And as I've said, we are committed to both providing you, on a regular basis, how the business -- how the program is evolving and provide you with underpinnings of the key drivers of those savings, so that you can see that they are really happening on the ground. So we'll report to you on this, how the 80:20 higher cost to lower cost ratio of where our people[indiscernible] evolves over time. And we will report to you on how our real estate platform evolves over time. 
Dominic Casserley: I'm sorry, you know we don't give guidance of that nature. Obviously, you can do the math as well as we can. If we deliver medium-term 70, 75 at this point gap between revenues and expenses, you would see our margins improve. And if we can do better than that in terms of the operational improvement program, helping to drive increased cost savings, we'll do better again. So that's all I can help you with basically, because as you've said, we don't give specific guidance of that nature. 
Dominic Casserley: No. Gras Savoye, as you know, went through its own program during 2013 and achieved a very good savings, a very successful program. And you saw some of the benefits of that in the associates line in this first quarter. Assuming that we go ahead with the acquisition of Gras Savoye, which as you know, is a decision we have to take next year, and we have not made that final decision yet. But assuming that we were to go ahead with them, they would be partners during 2016. And we would obviously start to look during that period at the opportunities to involve Gras Savoye further in some of the activities we're taking. And that may create additional opportunities. But at this point, we are not including them in those numbers. 
Dominic Casserley: I think, that is not the correct way to think about this. When we stood up in July last year and talked about our revenue and cost opportunity, we already had some ideas about where we would find some cost savings, and by the way, we have been taking those activities. The ratio of -- we have been continuing to move people to lower-cost locations over the last period of time. I was aware -- I have become aware and am more convinced that there were cost opportunities both leading up to July and after July. We were seeking a team that would enable us to drive a very detailed [indiscernible] program. We were able to hire David Shalders to join us at the tail end of 2013 to help us accelerate our analysis of our cost-saving opportunities. And we have been in deep analysis of the opportunities over the last few months and developed a very, very detailed plan, of which we are providing you the headlines on this announcement. So I think, what's the best way of thinking about this is that we had some ideas of where we would expect cost savings, we saw some opportunities in July, what we've now done is deepened and strengthened our bench to enable us to drive that in great, great detail. And in the process of doing so, I've got -- become even more enthusiastic and raised what we believe are the opportunities. That is the program we are announcing today, that if growth reflects our thinking leading up July, and then deeper and deeper analysis of the opportunities which leads to this announcement. 
Dominic Casserley: So first of all, to clarify, that the 3% is the year-on-year increase, so it's comparing the first quarter of '14 versus the first quarter of '13. It's also a net number. And we have been basically trying to target our headcount at particular areas where we see growth and holding back on headcount in areas where we see less growth and less opportunities. So for instance, in Asia, we're seeing headcounts grow 11% year-on-year, reinsurance is up 6% year-on-year. In other areas, we have been reducing our headcount where we see lower growth. So the net number absolutely reflects that. We see significant opportunities to grow the business. And we are going to put our resources behind those growth opportunities, and we will cut back in areas where we see less growth. This operational improvement program enables us to do all that at an accelerated pace and deliver our financial metrics in the way that people will like. 
Dominic Casserley: So, obviously, the human capital exchange opportunity you're talking about is in North America, we emphasized, too, that we are thinking about human capital and benefits activities globally, as well as what's within North America. Within North America, I guess, we do, particularly, as we are finding that the prospect list and actually the new plan includes a fair number of people who either are new to Willis, full stop, or new to Willis in human capital and benefits in North America. So absolutely, as we drive that exchange forward, we would expect it to add new clients to our base, and therefore, drive revenues. So yes, we are excited about it. Let me reemphasize what I said back that it takes time to close these transactions because they are major decisions for a company, they're changing their healthcare plans of their employees. You don't do that overnight. So we really started in this in the middle of last year. We've closed 16 to date, and we have a pipeline of 750 discussions we're having. You can see why we are excited. 
Dominic Casserley: No. We remain -- that's a good question, we remain committed to sort of the capital allocation plan we laid out in July, where we said we'd been looking at organic growth opportunities, inorganic growth opportunities, dividend increases and share repurchases. We delivered on all 4 of those to date. We delivered organic growth, we've done some M&A, we've raised our dividend, and we started a share repurchase plan. And we continue what we said on our last call that we have a share repurchase plan at the moment targeted at immunizing the impact on share count of share options. And we continue to be committed to that plan. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, it's a very good question. And also, we're aware of this, we do not believe that there is a risk that we can't manage. We are very focused on communications around this plan. The consultation with our staff around the plan. And the fact that the plan is fundamentally focused on serving our clients better. So one small example of what we are going to do and which is included in the provision charge laid out to you before [indiscernible]. It's very important, if we make any changes to the service of our clients, that we parallel run the old process with the new process to make sure that everyone's comfortable -- our clients are comfortable. That the new approaches work even better than the approaches we have today. We have built a substantial amount of parallel running into our plan, and therefore needed to put $410 million charge we had in place. So we believe that we will be able to work with our new [indiscernible] colleagues. To be able to be absolutely clear with them that the thing that really drives their behaviors and excites them and get them out of bed in the morning, which is client service and making sure their clients are happy, absolutely has got to be taken care of. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, the math is basically, obviously, be the savings come from the delta between the cost of having a role in that higher cost location and the fully loaded cost of that role versus the difference in a lower cost location, that varies obviously from where you are taking a role to where you're moving it to, right? And so if you take that role from some of our highest cost locations and you moved it to Mumbai, that is the big delta, you move it from a location in North America to Nashville is a delta, but it's a smaller delta, the average you have -- you roughly work out would be the average of all those different moves. But that is the basic economics having roles hopefully better designed roles in lower cost locations at lower overall cost than at present. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we do believe -- it's a good question, we do believe that the actual impact on our staff to date would be less significant but it might appear more. Two reasons. One, because there is natural turnover in that base, anyways. And so, therefore, managing this process should be easier, but because of natural turnover, anyway. And secondly, because we are actually obviously going to also take time over moving these roles, it's not all happening at once, it's happening over the course of 3 years. So therefore, we think the actual impact on our current staff in the higher cost locations is less significant than the raw numbers might suggest. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, to reiterate what I said in a number of questions about our medium-term commitment. Quite clearly, if we're going to do better than our medium-term commitments with 70 basis points, we'll see more improvement. This program will kick in more aggressively in the later years. Yes, that's exactly it. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. I'm aware that we have run somewhat over our time block here. So I think, we probably better bring this call to a close. Let me reiterate what I said on my remarks. We're excited about the revenue momentum that we have -- that we've had over a number of quarters and we saw again in this quarter. We're excited about our growth opportunities which we discussed on this call in a number of areas. And about our ability to invest behind those growth opportunities and cut back in other areas where we see less [indiscernible]. And to underpin on this, we announced a very important operational improvement program, which has allowed months of detailed growth to lay out where we see opportunities to restructure our cost base, and will be led by an experienced team to deliver this program. And we are committed to reporting back to you on progress in a[indiscernible] quarter. With that, thank you very much. And we look forward to talking to you further. 
