Michael Burwell: Thank you for the question, Mark. We -- the team has worked very hard, obviously, in terms of the improvement on a year-over-year basis, and very proud of those actions. Obviously, I think we'll have some -- a little higher incentive compensation payments that will get paid out in 2021 from cash. But I think the similar level to where we are in 2020, we're not going to give guidance in terms of 2021. But we're very proud of the performance, and we'd like to believe that -- we'd like to continue to see that performance into the future. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And John, maybe I would just add. Mark, just -- I would add one thing to John's comments there. I mean just a reminder, right, we acquired TRANZACT, so we only had 5 months of results in the prior year, and we had 12 months of results in the current year. And most of the revenue, obviously, falls in the open enrollment period in the fourth quarter. So that has an impact just in terms of the overall cost base that we had overall, in addition to John's comments. 
Michael Burwell: Sure, John. Elyse, so if you look at certain operations that we have, particularly in Russia, we had had a consolidated entity that we had included, and we had changed that remuneration to more of a independent process itself. And so you don't get the same revenue growth, but you just get the same profitability that's going on there in terms of the change. So it just had an impact on that revenue piece of the equation. 
Michael Burwell: Oh, the 2021, yes, I will -- I will not comment on projections or anything as it relates to 2021. It ought to be consistent with how we recorded it in '20, would be the accounting. 
Michael Burwell: I'm not sure I would look at it that way, Elyse. I guess what we looked at was we did see International and GB down overall. The accounting noise is just -- it didn't change the bottom line in terms of where we were. We just saw volumes down there a little bit on a year-over-year basis just in terms of onetime projects that we saw, but the account side of it didn't change the profitability or where we sat. 
Michael Burwell: Well, thank you for the compliment, Elyse. I appreciate that. I think as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our colleagues have worked extremely hard. And as you pointed out, I mean this has been an effort that's been going on for several years in terms of improvement around what we could do on working capital, and it's been a great team effort in terms of delivering those results. Also, I mean we have obviously focused on cost and cost management and cost containment, and that's had a favorability to some degree. When you're not traveling, et cetera, has a benefit to that. But overall, I got to say the majority of it has really been driven by our colleagues and what it is that they've done. So thank you for the comment. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Mark, I mean when you look at reinsurance, we're very pleased with the reinsurance results. We touched on the growth rate of 22% this quarter, and we look at it from an annual perspective. And looking at it, it's been a very strong performer overall. Obviously, we've had a pricing tailwind that's been helpful overall, but our colleagues there are really helping our clients and working hard in the marketplace. So we feel very pleased with that business, the leadership and the performance in terms of where it's been delivering. And we're very pleased in terms of how it's measured up versus the marketplace. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I'm glad -- it's -- it was impactful to the wholesale business overall, but to CRB, it was immaterial, very small. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean obviously, I think when you look at 2020, it's been an unusual year when you think about it. And so what do you have going on in that line item, you have a couple of things. So one, as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean for -- you saw some additional compensation, in particular, incentive compensation that was included in that line item. Also on COVID-19, you had vacations or people weren't taking all their vacations, so we had a little bit of additional vacation amounts that we had to record in there, and we had some earn-out arrangements overall. So I would look back to prior years in terms of looking at it, but 2020 was an unusual year. So hopefully, that gives you some color in terms of what's actually happening in that line item. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. I mean when we look at it, we have, obviously, a fair amount of expenses that are denominated in pounds. But I would say we have a fair amount that are in euros as well, Meyer. So I think you got to -- you really need to look at our overall view of that. As we look out to the -- as we reflected on our numbers on the current year, you go back and say, okay, for the fourth quarter and you look at what the currency fluctuations where it had $0.05 impact on our EPS for the quarter and $42 million in terms of impact on revenue. So I think you know our Q1 and Q4 are our largest quarters, so I think that gives you a pretty good framework to think about from an FX standpoint in terms of its impact to the company. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think we're -- to my knowledge, we're not really doing that in a lot of detail these days. We really got out of that business, to be fair, so I guess my answer would be nothing. 
John Haley: I mean I think the ad rates had an impact, although it was an impact that we had expected. In fact, we had alerted, I think, analysts to that coming up. I think the -- we certainly had to be flexible and adapt to the new environment with COVID, but I thought the team did a fantastic job of that, and that's why we had such great results. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks very much for the question, Elyse. And in March of last year, when we first announced this, we had said we expect it to close in the first half of the -- of 2021. And that's because this is a complex process and has filings required around the world. We are still on course to close in the first half of 2021. We still expect to meet that deadline. 
John Haley: And maybe just to put this in a little more context, Elyse, I think back to 2018 and the results we had then and where -- if we had been projecting then to 2020, we probably would have been at a projection of getting to around $1.5 billion with the kind of constant improvement we would have expected, and so we came even above what that was. But certainly, 2019 was a year that was a bit of a downturn for us in terms of free cash flow, but in terms of a longer run journey as to where we would've expected to be, we're now in the range we would have expected to be. As Mike said, we think we still have some improvement, but we're really pretty pleased with where we came out, and it's consistent with the longer run journey. 
John Haley: I think that is very dependent on the macroeconomic environment and how that develops. And frankly, there's a lot of variation in what we think could happen depending on whether there are new variants of COVID that cause new and more substantial lockdowns or whether the vaccines are relatively effective when we get them. So I think from our standpoint, what we're focused on, and this is one of the reasons why we're not giving guidance for 2021, what we're focused on is making sure we're as flexible and adaptive as we can be so that whatever happens, we can have a good result in 2021. 
John Haley: Well, I think for -- if I look at for all of 2020, our turnover was lower in 2020 than it was in 2019. So I think it's running at about the kind of levels we have experienced, maybe a little bit below, for 2020. I think, as always, we're constantly focused on making sure that we have the right kind of employee value proposition, and that includes compensation and includes career opportunities. It includes exciting work for clients, but we try to make sure that we have a package that's second to none in the industry. 
John Haley: So I think the biggest -- thanks for the question, Mark. The biggest and -- or the most immediate issue we have right now towards moving the transaction along is getting the regulatory approvals throughout the world to do that. And we are, as I said in response to an earlier question, we had targeted the first half of 2021. We're still on track for that. There's nothing that's happened that has made us think that, that -- we should change that time frame. So we're expecting to get there. Obviously, I can't get into any details about what's going on in the regulatory process. But we knew from the beginning it was a complex merger, and we expected the process to take from March of last year to sometime in the first half this year, and that looks like that's exactly what it will be.  I think after we get the approvals be, the key then is really focusing on making sure that the integration happens correctly and that we hit the ground running, both on day 1 and then in the time immediately after that. And so we've had very good teams working on that. The announcement of the top structure and the top positions on the Executive Committee was an important milestone in doing that. And we just need folks to continue to be focused on making sure that we design the company as best we can for success in the future. 
John Haley: Yes, thanks for that question. So I think when we think about the rationale for the merger, I would sum it up in one word, and that's innovation. And I think both Willis Towers Watson and Aon share the view that innovation is needed in our industry, that our industry is not helping clients address a large portion of the risks that they face and that we need to develop better solutions and better products to help them address that. And so the whole notion of why we think we'll be better together is what we can deliver in innovation, and it will be in things like how do we address long tail events like pandemic. It'll be in things like cyber. It will be in things like climate change. Both Aon and Willis Towers Watson are addressing each of these individually, but combined, we think we'll be able to develop solutions that'll have much bigger impact in the global economy. 
John Haley: Okay. Great. Well, listen, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to updating you on our results on the next call. Have a good day. 
