Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Thanks, Elyse. It’s Andrew. I think, as you point out, it’s meaningful to talk about those two components that underlie the revenue growth figures for the quarter. As you know, we had headwinds from gain on sale activities, and these were partially offset by sort of investment income. The tailwind from investment income was $24 million for the quarter and $43 million for the full year. And that was partially offset by the headwinds which we had from the gain on sale activity which was $65 million for the quarter and $63 million for the full year. I think it’s also important to note that we still would have had mid-single-digit organic growth and margin expansion absent those items.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. As we discussed on the last call, we faced more headwinds on free cash flow than we originally anticipated, including our exit from Russia and timing differences from cash payments made in 2022 on both the termination fee and the Willis regain. Non-recurring working capital items, including these tax payments and other economic factors had a meaningful impact on free cash flow in 2022. Looking ahead, we’ve not provided any annual free cash flow guidance, but we do remain committed to achieving our cumulative three-year free cash flow target of $4.3 billion to $5.3 billion. We’re focused on free cash flow generation, we understand what is required to reach that target from where we are today, and we are lining things up to get there. We expect the one-off items and the related headwinds to abate we’re optimizing the cash generation profile of our business portfolio, and we’re focusing on tactical working capital improvements as well.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Thanks for that. We remain confident in our ability to get to the mid-single-digit growth in 2023 and beyond. That’s demonstrated by the organic revenue growth that we achieved this year, reflecting all of the momentum in our businesses. The continued growth from clients seeking our solutions coupled with our robust pipeline and investments that we’re making in our talent strengthens our conviction in our ability to achieve that mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in the future. Our focus remains on enterprise level, long-time organic – long-term organic revenue growth target in the mid-single digits and specifically regarding thoughts around the growth profiles of each of our businesses. Probably best to refer you back to our Investor Day materials from September of 21, where we did set some of that out business by business of what we expect long-term for each one of those components.
Andrew Krasner: So that was stuff that actually we had expected earlier in the year that ended up occurring in the fourth quarter just to when sales cycles close, et cetera. So I think it’s best to look at that business on a full year basis, and that’s in line with our expectations of how that business has performed over the longer term.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So I think the first point of clarification there is around the Risk and Broking growth rates. So 5% organic – 6% organic, excluding the gain on sale and 6% excluding gain on sale and investment income. So it would have been 6% with or without the tailwind from investment income within that line of business.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We did talk a bit about this on the call, the last quarter. So I think we disclosed that the Russia business had about 1% of our total revenue base and a margin of more than double the enterprise margin. So there is some pretty healthy EBITDA cash flow associated with that. Additionally, we did write off a large amount of receivables that were associated with that business, which we were unable to collect. So there’s a fairly sizable headwind, which presented itself from the divestiture and write-off of that business.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So you’re absolutely right. There is a second component, right, of the revenue that does bleed off, and that is sort of excluded from what we’ve been talking about in terms of the gain on sale headwinds that we’ve experienced in some of our businesses. We do expect that level of book sales to normalize going forward. And if you look back pre-2020, you can start to get a sense of what that normalized level looks like, and we do expect to be getting there in relatively short order as the events from 2021 get further and further away.
Andrew Krasner: So there may be some quarterly headwinds as that normalization continues throughout 2023. And we’ll – as we have been provide detail on what that looks like.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think that is right, Andrew. I mean we bring people on. We don’t expect them to be fully productive from day one. It’s typically about 12, 18 months before they’re fully productive. And so someone we brought on during the summer kind of – we expect to be hitting their stride in Q3, Q4, the following year in full, right? Do take those – because of the timing of renewals, right, they – and bunching around the end of the year, right? So that’s where you might get some variation in that – how many months as opposed to the efficacy of the particular individual, right? But you’re absolutely right that someone we brought on who’s a great front office talent in 2022, we’ll be hitting their stride in 2023 and beyond.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. It’s Andrew. So we’re not going to get into the specific margins of specific products, but we are pleased with the level of profitability that we are seeing in that product and that business overall as it is a portfolio of different products, of course, primarily MA, but there is a nice balanced portfolio there as well.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We’ve seen in your benefit from our strong transformation performance across the portfolio of businesses and in the corporate segment, what you’re seeing play out primarily in the corporate segment is the fact that would be a reinvestment need and then talent, things of that nature is not as pronounced as it was, for example, in Risk and Broking. Hence, the transformation savings there more than offset by the investment hiring and to a lesser extent, in HWC where there was margin expansion and the transformation savings were a driver of that. But again, there was some level of reinvestment there, just not to the same extent that you would have seen in Risk and Broking.
Andrew Krasner: I think directionally, you’re getting there. Remember, it does take time for investments to turn over. So the portfolio has to work through in that as well. But I think directionally, that’s consistent with how we’re thinking about things.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No, I was just going to say the other thing, don’t forget, we’ll have some gain on sale headwinds that continue through next year, right, that will temper that from a margin perspective.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. As we’ve got a fairly disciplined approach to capital management that does begin with looking at share repurchases as the primary use of cash. And given current valuations, we do continue to think that is a very attractive return although we do need to look at our portfolio of potential investments through a strategic lens and you need to continue to reinvest in the business organically or inorganically as appropriate to ensure that we’re investing for growth in the future.
Andrew Krasner: So no change to the 2024 targets. The amount that sort of got pulled forward in Q4 is really just a matter of certain components moving faster than we’ve anticipated. And that’s come across the portfolio of actions that we’ve taken, whether it was real estate or technology and optimization or right shoring, things of that nature. So we’re pretty pleased that it did come from all components of the program.
Carl Hess: So Elyse, we’ve not adjusted our 2024 pension income assumption for the current headwind we’ve got in 2023. As we’ve seen during the last 12 months, a lot can happen when it comes to external factors, so a lot can change over the next two years as well. We do remain focused on driving organic growth, operating leverage and cost savings to achieve our long-term EPS target.
Carl Hess: Yes, Greg. So with regard to talent, I mean, we’re really pleased with the progress we’ve made on our higher efforts during the year. Net hiring for the year is positive. Our headcount is up by almost 2,500 to 46,600 employees, which is kind of back to 2019 levels, and that’s despite the divestitures we’ve made since then. We do expect the contribution to the improvement in our talent base fee become more meaningful into 2023, and we’ve already seen positive trends as we progress through 2022. I think that’s reflected in the revenue growth numbers from quarter-to-quarter. We’re continuing to hire opportunistically in the number of open positions and base position, of course, are going to vary at any given time based on our needs. But we’re really encouraged by the progress we’ve made, and we’re going to continue to focus on expanding our talent base as necessary to achieve our growth targets. You’ll probably see some further detail on our higher efforts in goals in our 10-K, which will be filed later in the month.
Carl Hess: Well, we are continuing to hire opportunistically, as I said, Greg. And yes, there’s always going to be some areas in a firm that is the span of services we do where you look and say, okay, we need to kind of advance what we’re doing more substantially than others. But I think we’re opportunistically is key, right? Whereas coming into 2022. As we talked about in earlier calls, we had more pronounced needs across the organization.
Carl Hess: Yes, just for clarity, that was our insurance broking business, not reinsurance broking which we – any of that would have already been divested with the Willis Re divestiture.
Carl Hess: So just to clarify on the size of the headwind, as you’ll see in our 10-K, pension income for 2022 was $272 million and we’re guiding for $412 million in 2023. So that, I think, shows you the product quantitative basis what we’re facing. We do look at all levers available to us as we run this company. And to the extent we’ve got a headwind in the other direction, we search for what we can do elsewhere. That feels like how you manage the company every day. And just as we’ve seen during 2022, we can get all sorts of headwinds and directions, expected or not. We think the benefit of running the diversified portfolio we have, gives us the opportunity to adapt.
Carl Hess: So we absolutely have adapted really well to remote work, but we recognize the benefit of in-office collaboration as well. None of that is incompatible with a reduced real estate footprint and we are, I think, extremely successfully navigating back to work, back to collaboration and the flexibility that the workplace of tomorrow really wants from their employment. So I’m really happy with how our colleagues have adapted and kept up to great work as they do, both in office and remote. I’ve seen no lag in how we’re able to perform for our clients, and I think that’s demonstrated by our results.
Carl Hess: I think we put a book gains began to normalize as we progress through 2022, and we expect them to be in line with historical levels in 2023 as 2021 receives.
Carl Hess: Yes. And I guess as far as the prospects, I mean, first of all, we have continuously run this business for sustainable growth, and that means looking for growth opportunities that are profitable rather than growth for growth’s sake. That philosophy has served us, I think, very well and it’s one we will be continuing. But the overall backdrop for that business remains very strong and our relationship with a variety of partners does position us well. From a macro perspective, I’ve cited this before, but when you have 10,000 people becoming newly eligible for Medicare every day, it is quite a tailwind for the industry. Medicare enrollment is projected to grow 7.6% per year over the decade. And the percentage of Medicare eligible people who buy an MA plan rather than just use traditional Medicare is rising, it’s expected to grow from just over 40% to more than 50% by 2030. So those are all, I think good conditions for our business.
Carl Hess: Yes. So whenever we have a change in regulation, there’s typically a multi-quarter bump as clients trying to analyze and determine actions to take with respect to the change in the environment. The improved funded status of pension plans that we’ve seen during 2022 gives them additional flexibility to consider risk transfer options. And while as I noted, there’s always chance for the economic climate and the funded status for those plans to change over time. That’s typically something we see a multi-quarter benefit from as well, right? And again, even if the fund as does change to economic conditions, that creates fresh volatility that clients need help – analyzing. So we think our strong position in all elements of servicing pension funds in the industry, we see some resilience to the results going forward.
Carl Hess: So there’s – there are all of the above, right, does play into how we grow, right? We’ve talked on prior calls about how various parts of how we price are in place in sensitive, whether it’s rates in our consulting business or asset values that underlie insurance and thus, the commissions we receive. We have also talked about how the fact that we’re back in the marketplace, right? During the period where we were involved with Aon, we stopped receiving RFPs, and that came back to us beginning with the fourth quarter of 2022, we’ve enjoyed the success winning new clients. And over the course of emerging from that experience, our retention rates of existing clients have also improved. And that’s a credit to the hard work of all our colleagues, making sure that our well-earned reputations are superior client services maintained.
Carl Hess: Yes. So I mean, it’s a mix of all of the above I think. We have a lot of clients, and so you’re going to have a lot of examples on the direction. If you look at various parts of our business, some of it just much more naturally sticky than others, right? We’ve got a client of BDO, who’s in an outsourced benefits relationship with us, typically with a three, five, seven-year contract. That business was extremely resilient during all of this and has looked resilient going forward, but we continue to add new clients in the mix as well. Our CRB business is where we saw the most volatility in the client mix, and that’s one where I think our colleagues did a great job retaining clients, but it was under pressure. Now that we have a clear course and destiny. We’ve seen client retention and client attraction both up as well as new expansion of existing client relationships. So there’s a lot in the hood. We have a lot of variation in the businesses, but the direction, I think is encouraging across the…
Carl Hess: So we do have a transactional business of a successful one. I’m glad to say. And we faced the same headwinds as others. We’re – we didn’t think about that as we’ve talked about our expectations.
Carl Hess: Yes. We have taken actions, Mark, and good morning, to try and do our part to help with persistency, including working with carriers on sort of their customer treatment to make sure that customer satisfaction is as high as possible. And we’re happy that those actions seem to be fruitful, and we’ll look to maintain that sort of thing going forward, including post-placement customer support on our end. We continue to examine our lifetime values, which, of course, are subject to outside actuarial estimate. And I think that we remain happy with how we’re going. I mean persistency has improved. And so no signs that we have anything but to continue our actions and continue to improve, how we go about that business to keep the numbers going forward.
Carl Hess: We’re happy with how we continue to be a large account reference there was principally across the R&D portfolio, right? Our existing HWC business skews large accounts to begin with. With respect to how we’re progressing in large market, I think I’d just point to the fact that we’re growing and large market is very much a part of that. Some of the talent we brought on focus is there. But we think we play well across all market segments, and that’s a strength we have for us.
Carl Hess: Yes. So typically, our career business is the one that’s seen the most volatility to it through the economic cycle. We not see all that much of it this time as employers are trying to adjust to the “new normal of work”. And you even see that despite threat of recession in the job numbers that we posted here in the U.S. We’ve also taken measures over the years to make that business some of us economically sensitive, switching to software and technology as part of the offering and to focus on some of the parts of the business that are also less economically sensitive like executive compensation as part of the mix. So not declaring victory, but I think we’ve made strides in removing some of the sensitivity there. The higher demand has been holding up well we think.
