Roger F. Millay: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Roger Millay. Welcome to the Towers Watson earnings call. I’m here today with John Haley, Towers Watson’s Chief Executive Officer. Please refer to our website for this morning’s press release. Today’s call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888; confirmation number, 22481994. The replay will also be available for the next three months on our website. Our website also contains a few slides that are complementary to today’s call. Those slides include certain reconciliation information required by SEC Regulation G. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including statements, among others, regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today’s press release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities laws. After our prepared remarks, we will open the conference call for your questions. Now, I’ll turn the call over to John Haley.
Roger F. Millay: I think we’ll have more detail on that in the September meeting. If you look at the cash flow statement, we came in around $77 million just without the software costs. I mean it's not going to be in the magnitude of double, but it could be $20 million or so higher than that. But again, we’ll give you more specific number in the Analyst Meeting.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. So you're right on the retirement liability. The main driver there is asset performance. With respect to discretionary comp, I think that will probably be a little bit steadier in FY ’12. This year as we went through quarter-to-quarter, we were kind of adjusting to where we thought we should come out. And probably we measure it as a percentage of pre-bonus operating income, and if you look at it that way probably in the high 30% range is where you’ll see us circle.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. I’ll give my answer and then I don’t know, John, may have something he wants to add in. But the story isn't any different than what we've been saying in the last couple of quarters. We think the range that we’ve landed in is a range that is appropriate; it makes sense for the company based on our integration activities. We have been adding folks. We haven't added a lot of people, but the businesses that are growing; we have been adding some people and we had a pipeline to continue to add. So we think that range at this point is appropriate.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah, we haven't given anything more specific other than the comments I made in my script which are that we expect that over the next several quarters we're going to see it continue to gradually decrease. It has dropped versus the third quarter of fiscal '11 and it’s dropped versus last year. It seems like this range in the low to mid 20s is about where we’re running, but as I said these things tend to be choppy and you can get them spiking up and down, so I think that’s about as precise as we can be.
Roger F. Millay: We haven’t looked quite honestly, the U.K. specifically of course when we talk about investment services the biggest part of investment is the U.K., so they would be a big driver of the U.K. market. I’m also aware that when we talk about strength in the reinsurance brokerage business our U.K. operation, which really it’s serving clients that are outside the U.K. as well, but that piece is doing well. In general, Europe was overall a little bit softer at the end of the year, still growing, but I think there is, I’m not aware of anything specific other than that.
Roger F. Millay: Yes, I think, we are holding that specific guidance. I mean, I think, we – John foreshadowed a little bit in some of his remarks with respect to continuing growth in benefits, the hope for some enhanced growth performance in RFS, which had a bit of a tough organic growth year. And I think we’ve been talking quite a bit on the call about the wariness I suppose in Talent and Rewards although right now they are seeing good strength of course as a mark-to-mark cyclical segment, they are also potentially subject to more volatility. With respect to more specific numbers that’s what we’ll be doing in September.
Roger F. Millay: I think John mentioned and maybe both of us did, while the U.S. came in quite a bit higher than forecast, Europe did come in a little bit lower, so European countries most part.Tobey Sommer – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Roger F. Millay: No, that’s a clean full year number.Mark S. Marcon – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. And then the last…
Roger F. Millay: Well again the biggest driver of the reduction in liability was in investment results, so we don’t have a forecast on that, but as you’re alluding both investments results as well as movements in discount rates, would have an impact, discount rates really didn’t move all that much from last year so.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah and just as a reminder as John just kind of pointed out, I mean we only revalue every year at the end of the year. So we’re locked in now for this fiscal year.Mark S. Marcon – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah, it’s more of a fiscal ’13 impact because as I mentioned really the deployment is, we’ll have deployments at this point planned quarterly as I said earlier for about the next 15 months so it’s more of fiscal ’13 impact.
Roger F. Millay: Well, we’re not going to forecast anything other than what we’ve talked about at this point and we continue to look at balancing what we see is potential investment opportunities, particularly acquisitions with other uses of free cash. We have another $50 million or so to go on the $100 million buyback that we had approved a few months ago and we’ll be executing against that and that’s the outlook for the moment.
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, Roger. Before we move on to your questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank all of our associates. Our first full year as Towers Watson was a big success, thanks to their hard work. Now, we will take your questions.
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think Roger really captured that. As he said we’ll give more detail on the Analyst Meeting, but right now we’re targeting the EBITDA percent, adjusted EBITDA margin somewhere between 18% and 19%. We do have some integration activities, some important integration activities this year as we roll out some of our new systems and that will absorb some of the time of our front-end associates. And we are conscious of the changes in the macro environment and what that could bring. So we feel reasonably comfortable that we can keep to the margin improvement that we’ve show, but we’re not at this point prepared to project anything further.
John Haley: I think, Shlomo, you have that exactly right, I think that is what we would – that is what we’d be looking at doing. I think if Roger is answering it though, it really is the same perspective. If we’re talking about a tenth of a percent here there that we might come down to invest to do that, we would probably be willing to do that. We are not talking about necessarily moving something down whole percentage or something like that.Shlomo Rosenbaum – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay.
John Haley: I think we’re seeing a bit of a change in the tone in the market I think is the way we would characterize it Shlomo. I don’t think we’re ready to proclaim that it’s a definite sea change at this moment, but it could be the beginning, we might look back later and say may be this was the beginning.Shlomo Rosenbaum – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
John Haley: I think what we’ve seen is that things still continue to be reasonably strong for us and so we feel pretty good about what this first quarter is going to be. I think the concern we have is that in the last couple of months with the turmoil in Europe with the US and the downgrade and everything, those kind of things affect business confidence and business confidence may affect how they’re willing to spend and I think that’s the only caution we’re saying. I don’t think we know anything more than anybody else about that so.Timothy McHugh – William Blair & Company: Okay. And then if I could just slip in one or two number of questions, just Roger you declared the $450 million in available cash that’s netting out some of the reinsurance payable and things like that, is that netting out cash for bonus payment as well or…
John Haley: I think in the quarter it was 200, about 2%, 204 I mean to be precise.Timothy McHugh – William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you.
John Haley: Yes, I don't think, Talent and Rewards, it's the most cyclical, it's the most project oriented of our segments, and so it’s the one where I think overall we have the least visibility. There are probably different lines of businesses between some of the other segments where we don't have the best visibility either, but overall it’s the segment Talent and Rewards would clearly be the one. I don't think that’s any different in Asia than it is in any other region in the world, but it's just not a segment, it is a very project-based business.
John Haley: We haven’t seen anything like that. Although to be fair we haven't actually gone and looked at it either. So I can't tell you that didn't occur, but I can tell you it's not something that we’ve had any comments on it at the moment.
John Haley: I think we probably feel that the economy could get somewhat softer and we’d still be in the 18% to 19% range.Sara Gubins – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John Haley: Well I think in Health and Group Benefits, we’ve been doing some hiring, we’ve been doing some hiring in Talent and Rewards, and within Talent and Rewards, I think, particularly in data surveys and technologies, we’ve also done fair amount of hiring, for the year we’ve done a fair amount of hiring in Tax, not so much in the fourth quarter, yeah, driven by eloquent right. And so I think if we look at it though Health and Group Benefits and Talent and Rewards would be the areas.
John Haley: Well, I mean, I think the biggest thing that we could have some interest in and it’s what's going to happen with Healthcare and you’ve got these dueling court cases in the Federal Appeals Courts and potential Supreme Court review of that, you’ve got to talk about whether that pieces of that get included in any of the debt discussions whatever. So I think that's something that is a little bit unsettled, I'm not sure that there is anything we could point to say that we actually think that there is going to be any new legislation or regulation that will for certain occur, but certainly that’s something that could possibly be the case. I don't think there is anything else that we would flag as saying that’s there is a big deal that's on the horizon.Mark S. Marcon – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And how big could that be for this coming year? It seems like by 2013 we’ll have more clarity and then there will be this scramble, but do you think that this year...
John Haley: Yes, thanks for bringing the question because I think one of the things that you sometimes get off on these calls is you start talking about a subject that got mentioned and you talk about it a lot and after the call I sometimes think, did we give the impression of we were more concerned about that than we did, just because we got a lot of questions about it and I think we’re may be in danger of happening that we’re just talking about the macro economy. We mentioned that it’s just one of the number of factors that we were thinking about that could affect margins there. And I think we have to mention that because its pretty clear that if the macro economy really goes south that does have some impact on how we are going to perform as a company. Frankly it’s not the kind of thing we’re obsessively worried about, if you look at what our organizations did in the 2008 downturn, we probably performed in the top 1% or 2% of all companies in terms of how we handled the downturn, how we handled our margins, and how we kept things up. So it’s not something that we’re necessarily afraid of, it’s not something that we’re shirk from, I think that we’re better managed now than we were two or three years ago, and so we can probably doing better job, we’re not going to be immune from it, but I think we know how to run the business and I think we know the kinds of things to do. I think one of the things that we will not do though is we think it’s a bad move to all of a sudden layoff a lot of associates and have them bear the brunt of downturn. We think that’s best done by the company figuring out how to try to get new revenues and tightening our belts in other ways.Mark S. Marcon – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And you certainly did a great job during the last one. Can you talk also with regard to the $338 million bonus payment that’s coming out, just to clarify, is that a clean full year bonus that will get paid out in September or would it be higher in future years because there was a stub, that was partially paid earlier.
John Haley: Yeah, the big thing was the asset movement and of course if we measure that a few weeks later and there is a difference. So, but I don’t think we have any predictions for what that might be like next June 30.
John Haley: I think that might have been it, so yeah, that we had opportunity to add folks in Asia-Pacific and could do that. We have been, as I said particularly in Talent and Rewards, which is relatively bigger in Asia-Pacific than say Benefits or something like that. We have been adding folks there. Asia has been a real success story this year. We’ve had a lot of growth and we think that’s going to continue.
John Haley: Okay. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to reviewing our first quarter results with you in November and we hope to see you all at Analyst Day on September 19. Thanks a lot.
