John Haley: Yes. Mike, I don't think there's anything that we would point to like that. I think it will be a quarter with the normal sorts of things. I mean, there's always issues around, particularly, in CRB when you can recognize revenue for projects. If something gets delivered December 30 versus January 3 or something like that, there's issues when things go into quarter. But that's it. Mike, is there anything... 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, the fourth quarter is a really big quarter for us. So it's an outsized importance for the rest of it. But there's nothing that we think is a special feature, I guess, that we would direct your attention to. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think the level of interest rates, with lower interest rates, it can have a negative effect on how well-funded a plan appears to be. So that's a bit of an issue. I don't think that necessarily drives a lot of extra activity one way or another, though. The -- and it's not so much the level of interest rates as it's sort of the path they've been following, that can lead to increased bulk lump sum work. And I think we called out that we did see some increased bulk lump sum work in the third quarter this year. We expect to see maybe not as much, but still some increased bulk lump sum work year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing that effect, but not particularly big effects one way or another. 
John Haley: Maybe I'll just make a quick comment before I turn it over, Mike -- and then Mike will jump in on some of the details. But I think, Mark, you're right, it is a relatively broad range. And we're on pace for about $1.1 billion, we think right now. But we have some opportunities, we think to -- and Mike will talk a little bit about them to get it up above that. We've been hit by greater cash tax payments this year than we originally expected. And so that's been a real drag here. And that's not going away. We're going to have that -- that's going to be there for the rest of the year. But we have some working capital efforts that we think we could maybe improve. Mike, do you want to... 
John Haley: By the way, Mark, could I just -- maybe just to interject, one point that I don't think we addressed in your question. We do feel good about the 15% going forward, generally. Yes. 
John Haley: Yes. I'd just say, from my perspective, there were 3 things we liked about it. We liked the business model. We liked the management team. We liked people. We feel better about all 3 of them today than we did when we did the deal. 
John Haley: Yes. Elyse, we'd like to be more helpful. But frankly, we don't do continuous valuations of the plan. And it's -- there's a complex interplay between them, they're moving in opposite directions. I think if you were to ask us right now, as a rough guess, we expect the situation will look better at the end of this year than it did at the end of last year. But beyond that, there's -- the situation is so volatile anyway. I mean, last year, the fourth quarter completely changed everything for us. So we don't bother trying to do projections midyear. 
John Haley: No. I think we said we expect to be where we were for -- we expect to hit our yearly target. So yes. And there's nothing that suggest -- I mean, look, we said 2 things, I think, at the beginning of year. One was we said, we put our growth rate at 4% to 5%. We felt we would grow at. And there was some question about whether the market generally thought they were going to grow faster. And we said, well, look, we're budgeting for 4% to 5% because that's the basis on which we think it's the most prudent to budget. But we also think we'll do at least as well as the market. And I think both of those are still true. 
John Haley: I mean, I think -- thanks, Shlomo, for the question. Look, as I mentioned earlier, we liked the business model. We liked the management team. We liked the people at TRANZACT. And we continue to feel really good about all 3. One of the reasons we were excited about it was we just thought there was a good fit between us, and we thought TRANZACT fit well within our structure and would be a valued part of -- we thought they would like being part of Willis Towers Watson. So far, that's been realized. 
John Haley: No, I don't think we have much we can comment on that. I mean, I do think you saw -- look, North America had a fantastic quarter. North America CRB as well as our International, both very strong growth rates. And those were something that, I think, coming into the year, we expected both of those regions to do very well. We think we have a great value proposition there. And so we think that's going to be something that we're going to be able to sustain, I mean, maybe not at the exact levels we're at, but we expect to get very good growth from both of those regions. And we expect to see CRB generally grow very strongly. 
John Haley: And that's going to be a multiyear phenomenon. I think we'll continue to see margin improvement year over year over year. 
John Haley: So I mean, I think this is -- I think, we're where we wanted to be as a business. When we first did the merger back in beginning of 2016, and we were looking at what we could put together and the kind of momentum we could achieve, this was where -- this is the kind of position we wanted to be in. We feel good about where we are. We're very pleased with the results. But frankly, we're not satisfied. We think we can see more improvement in the future. So there's -- every business has to deal with the changes in the macroeconomic environment and we'll be the same as others. And that will contribute to ups and downs, but we feel like we're well placed to deal with it. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean -- so Greg, I would say, I don't think the business -- it's a mid-single-digit growth business, just on average. But I think that means that there are some years you can see growth up in the high single digits, where we are now. So that's not particularly surprising. It will be a slightly more difficult comp for us. But overall, we feel pretty good about the business. And frankly, we feel pretty good about the prospects for next year, too. 
John Haley: And by the way, Greg, just one thing -- to be clear, as we think about this going forward, we may very well have some restructuring programs that we'll put in place. But what we think we're not going to do is we're not going to be trying to exclude them from income and try to play games like that. If we have restructuring programs, we'll just tell you about them and tell you what they cost. 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean, I think we've -- I know there's been a lot of concern about the potential for Medicare for all. Of course, Medicare for all is a pretty ill-defined concept. The proposals vary tremendously in scope, and there's a lot of unknowns. So for us to speculate on exactly what the outcome would be, it's pretty hard at this moment. I guess, I would say, though, we've actually thought about a lot of some of these different scenarios as to what they could mean. We think the most reasonable thing is that changes in the country's health care model would create some new client needs. And given our positioning and especially our positioning post the TRANZACT acquisition, we feel pretty good about our prospects. Now some of the really extreme versions of this are ones that frankly, which would be bad, I think, for everybody and for the country. I just don't think there's much chance of those coming into force, but who knows. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I don't think we have that right off hand. I would say our growth in the Talent and Rewards has been modest. There's a significant portion of that that's just come from demand and from winning work overall. 
John Haley: Well, I mean, look, looking for -- we just gave you the guidance for 2019. If you're looking -- if we're talking about, over the course of the next couple of years here, we're saying, we think those are going to be 15%. We -- I hope, we didn't give the wrong impression. We never expected to be giving free cash flow forecast for the next 20 years. 
John Haley: I think generally, though, we -- as we look at this, and it's probably not true every quarter. But annually, our growth tends to be about the same or we think even sometimes higher than the others. So what we try to do as much as we can of an apples-to-apples comparison, but it's difficult. 
John Haley: Okay, yes. So thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter call in February 2020. So long. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. The only thing that I would add to your comments, John, would be the annual enrollment period that we -- that you see happen. But again, it's blocking and tackling, as you said, John. It's just a normal process. But obviously, with TRANZACT being on board and what we do overall in Benefits Delivery and Administration, obviously, that will drive in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. And I would just add when you look at -- we run -- and think about our guidance for the year. And as you said, a big portion of it comes in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue and profits. And we're up 150 basis points of margin improvement for the first 9 months. We'll update everyone on our year-end call in terms of what we think about in terms of looking at fiscal year '20 and beyond. 
Michael Burwell: No, John, I think you covered. I mean, the only -- maybe one comment, I would just say, is our retirement business, the team continues to work very hard and is well received in the marketplace. And so we see that continuing into the future. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. So I'd just emphasize that point. So one, fourth quarter is a very large quarter. When you look at us in terms of free cash flow. As you probably know, Mark, it was greater than $500 million last year for us. It was over half our free cash flow. And so that -- as John talked about pacing that's going on there. We did have higher cash tax payments that happened in the current year. As you saw, our effective rate was up on a year-over-year basis, and that ultimately translated into more cash tax payments as we filed our returns in the various countries in which we operate. We are very focused on our working capital management. It's something that we are continuing to focus on and believe that we will see those improvements. And that's why we gave that collective range in terms of where we are. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, thank you for asking, Mark. I mean, we are very excited about TRANZACT and to have them in the fold. I mean, that started, obviously, when we were going through the process. And  working that as Gene Wickes and the team were really going through that. And what we continue to see was a very strong market.  We see that 10,000 retirees are hitting every single day. When we look at our enrollment level, they continue to move at a very, very strong pace. The management team at TRANZACT is doing a great job and being supported by others in BDA. And so all signs are just really, really positive in terms of what we're seeing. So very strong market we're seeing -- what we've got set up both in terms of technology that people want to be able to come online and think about Medicare Advantage or Medicare Supplement policies and programs or whether they want to call an agent. We feel well -- very well positioned in terms of supporting that, and we're seeing that already starting out. And obviously, we'll report that in the fourth quarter as we go through the open enrollment period that started here in mid-October. So I got to tell you, we couldn't be more excited about having TRANZACT in the family. And early signs are very positive, which is what we thought when we bought them and did the acquisition. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. So just going back, I mean, what we said, if you go back, originally, on TRANZACT was that we would have 25% to 30% CAGR growth rates for TRANZACT, and that's what we had anticipated happening. And frankly, that's what we're seeing. Really running at those rates so far and that's not changing in terms of what we had said and that was reflected in our revised guidance that we did at the end of the second quarter. 
Michael Burwell: The fourth quarter is a big quarter but we anticipated moving in that direction. On the -- on TRANZACT impact in the third quarter was a $0.04 dilution. And I guess, it was highlighted in my comments. So that's how we saw it for the third quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So we think about IRR, Shlomo, you got to look at the comp. I mean, if you looked at the comp last year, it was 9% that happened. So we had -- looking at 3% for the current year, I mean, the third quarter is one of our lower quarters for the business overall. So we're not uncomfortable with what's happened in terms of looking at that. So you look -- I think you got to really look at the business on an annual basis. And when you look at it year-to-date standpoint, we're at 5%, and we continue to believe in IRR in terms of where it is. So I just think it's just kind of where we stand. And we had a very difficult comp looking at it compared to the prior year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And I would just add, John, to your comments, I mean, we also saw the 1% margin improvement as well. So we continue to focus on -- the CRB team continues to focus on -- continue to see margin improvement in that segment as well as all our segments but just to highlight. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Why don't we unpack those. So first is on the debt itself. So we had borrowed, and we had a term loan outstanding from the acquisition of TRANZACT. As you can see in our cash flow statement, we paid $1 billion -- roughly $1.3 billion round numbers for TRANZACT. We had taken a term loan for $1.1 billion. We had taken out financing -- or we had gone to the market and done financing of which we termed out a portion of that $1.1 billion, and we paid off any outstanding amounts we had on our credit line. So that's why -- that then -- if you looked at it on a pure debt-to-EBITDA ratio, Greg, it went from 2-point -- up to 2.7. We historically have been in the 2.1% to 2.3% range, which I would say, historically, which is where we'd like to get back to.  We said on purchase of shares, share repurchases, that we would buy shares in the marketplace to make sure that we weren't anti-dilutive, given our employee benefit plans that we have to be in place. And we had estimated those go from time to time. In this case, as we said, for the third quarter, year-to-date, share repurchases have been $147 million. And that then therefore covers those repurchases, consistent with what we had said previously.  On our free cash flow, we -- I guess, when we think about longer term, you asked the question as it relates to 3 years or longer term. Right now, we're saying 3 years is long, in our mind, a bit longer term. If you want to go beyond that, I guess, right now, we're saying 3 years. That's where we have been in terms of 15% or better. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when -- we'll obviously update as we -- as you rightly pointed out, we're up 150 basis points through the 9 months and 120 basis points in the third quarter as it relates to margin. It starts, obviously, Greg, with the revenue growth. And I think as John commented on in terms of what we're seeing in terms of revenue growth, and then driving that operating leverage is managing our cost base. And so with our leadership team and operating committee very focused as well as all our colleagues are very sensitive to managing our cost base and driving our revenue growth. So we'll update guidance at Q4 in terms of what we see going forward, but our track record has been to continue to deliver that revenue growth and that operating margin. And so we're very focused on managing that differential. 
Michael Burwell: So overall, that was roughly 2% of that or $48 million for the year-to-date period through 9/30/2019. 
Michael Burwell: And you'll see that in the -- if you look in our Q&A in the press release, you'll see it in there, Dave. 
Michael Burwell: Rich will get that back to you. I think it's $14 million, I think, is the number. $14 million, yes. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I would say really, there are 3 things that would impact it. One would be, additional cash tax payments; two would be, for some reason, we weren't as successful as we anticipate being as it relates to working capital; and three, the TRANZACT costs that were never anticipated or forecasted at the outset of the year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Thank you for the question, Dave. I mean, look, we have very strong competitors. They're well-run companies with good management teams. But we love our team and what our team's doing in the marketplace and how we're competing. And so as John and I have reiterated that we aren't going to underperform to the market. And when you look at where we are through the 9 months of this year, and we're right at or above where our competitors are from organic growth rate standpoint. So when we look at it across our portfolio, we feel very good of where we sit from a competitive standpoint. And I think John made it in his comments, you look at the last 5 quarters, our revenue growth has been at least 5% overall, and we continue to see margin improvements. And so we're very proud of what our teams have been doing and how well they're doing in the marketplace. So hopefully, it gives you some color, Dave. 
Michael Burwell: I think it's 2 points. The first one, Yaron, is the one you had said, right? It's higher income in those higher tax jurisdictions than what we originally anticipated. But -- and the other piece of it is until you file the returns and you go through the adjustments, you go through the process, we had -- just had some of that happen as well in terms of just going through the process itself. So that drove our higher tax payments. So those 2 points. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Meyer, we really don't disclose that. As you said, Facultative is included in our CRB business and as you try to think about comparabilities and to others. But yes, we don't disclose it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, look, there's a variety of little things that are included in there in the various pieces. There's nothing that jumps out at you or really is driving it in either period of time. 
