John Haley: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Shlomo. I think we're not suggesting really that we think anything is going to decelerate here. I guess when we came out with the -- we initially had the 4% growth that we said we'd be at for the year. So the first is -- the first half came in at 5%, and so we said, well, we think we'll be 4% to 5%. When we first came out with the 4% growth, I know there were -- some of our competitors had some higher growth projections. And we said the fact that we're at 4% shouldn't be interpreted as we think we're going to grow slower than the market. And I would say the same thing here, we've just sort of taken the 4% and raised it up to reflect what happened in the first half. You shouldn't think we think we're going to grow slower than the market. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, our growth -- we had some good growth in the U.K. It was 4% this quarter. And we feel pretty good about that. And in fact, actually, particularly in CRB, we were seeing some declines last year. So we feel much better about that. I think Brexit is still a bit of an uncertainty. We have done a lot of planning around Brexit ourselves though. And we feel like we're prepared for that. And so we'll have to see what happens. But we feel we're about as prepared as we could be. 
John Haley: Yes. I'd just say, look, we did raise our guidance, as Mike said, and that was mostly the result of TRANZACT, not 100%. But -- and TRANZACT -- well, most of the impact of TRANZACT, the overwhelming impact will be in the fourth quarter. 
John Haley: But just to be clear, going forward here, while we're basically paying down the debt for TRANZACT, the only stock buybacks we'll do will be anti-dilution ones. 
John Haley: The overall TRANZACT business is about -- it's not -- it's pretty much neutral, it's pretty close to 0. It's not a negative. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think that's the key. We think we're prepared to handle the growth that's out there. And so we feel good. 
John Haley: Having said that, we like the way things are set now. So I wouldn't expect to necessarily see any changes. I mean, we'll always continue to evaluate it. 
John Haley: Yes. So look, I think from our standpoint, we had a -- we got some certainty in the payments that we were making there. And we feel pretty good about getting that because frankly, we're pretty bullish on TRANZACT. And so we felt that -- we felt this serves us better doing that. And I think, as in all the different cases, it has to be something that works for both sides. But I think the other side liked the idea of getting some certainty in what they had, too. And so we were able to come to an agreement on that. And we're delighted. 
John Haley: Well, I think, look, we're -- this is a better environment than we've had for a while. We've had these years of the rates going down. And now we're seeing most lines -- workers' comp is probably one of the key examples. Workers' comp and international liability are the ones that where we're seeing rates going down continuing. But the rest of them, we're seeing some pricing uplift and that's probably good news for the insurance industry. For a long time, insurers were really competing for market share by driving down prices and they probably got to something that wasn't really that sustainable. And so that's why we're seeing some of these rate increases. For us, it's -- one of the things we have to do in the face of some rate increases is see what we can do to get as good a bargain for our clients as possible. And sometimes that suggests moving in some business or looking for other alternatives or maybe buying a little less insurance. So it's not clear we always get the effect of all the rates. And then sometimes, only a portion of our business is commission based, a lot of it's in fees also. So it doesn't automatically flow through.  But a -- when there's rate increases, generally it does tend to improve our results. 
John Haley: I guess the only thing I'd add to that is that -- and as Mike said, this is -- we're at the beginning stages of this market really growing. But in addition to North America and Great Britain, we're now seeing some good growth in the emerging cyber insurance markets, like Western Europe, Latin America and Southeast Asia. 
John Haley: I think the only other thing, Shlomo, and we're really not in a position to go through it with a lot of detail, as Mike is saying, right now. But I would say this, and I think I mentioned this in response to an earlier question. Most of the earnings guidance, the earnings increase that we did for guidance, that's almost all due to TRANZACT. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean we recognize that it's a little difficult because, as Mike said, your premise is right, it's the -- the money is made in the fourth quarter and we have some losses in the beginning. But we just don't really feel we're in a position to do that right now. That's something we'll do when we do the 2020 guidance. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I would say 2 things though. One is, I think they did very, very well already on the TRANZACT acquisition and getting rid of that. And if they have the money right away and some certainty around it, then they can invest that and so that gives them some other opportunities. I mean you really have to ask them exactly why they wanted to do what they wanted to do. But for us, TRANZACT is ahead of where we thought they would be, and we feel good about where they are. And so it was something that we were happy to do that. The management team at TRANZACT is still on the original deal that we had and the original incentives. So we feel that with them -- with no change to their earnout at all, we feel very good about that. 
John Haley: And the only other thing, maybe, Elyse, I would add to that is that we -- we're looking to get margin improvement everywhere and BDA is no different than that. 600 basis points is a lot. So I wouldn't necessarily assume that we'll continue to get 600 basis points. 
John Haley: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And we look forward to updating you on our third quarter call in the fall. Have a good day. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. And then, do you mind just discussing a little bit about the operating environment in the U.K.? Given the political situation and the Brexit items, it seems like there was some slowdown just in general in the U.K. in the first quarter, but it seems like things are -- seem a lot better right now. If you could just comment on that. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. I'm going follow up afterwards also just to see if I can pull that little bit up here. And then just one other thing... 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just one last one. John, just following up on Meyer's question on the renegotiation of the terms, do you feel like you can kind of hold the seller's feet to the fire with the earnout being all the way down to like $17 million or so? I mean it seems like the -- kind of -- I understand they're taking a lower purchase price, but why would -- if there's the same kind of confidence on your side as there was on -- as there is on their side to execute the way that they would, it's only a 2020 target, you're only talking about 18 months later. It just seems interesting that they're kind of reducing their -- almost their entire risk to that. 
Mark Marcon: Congrats on the strong progress that we continue to see. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about 3 different questions. One, free cash flow growth of 15%. How confident are you still in the ability to generate that for this year and then for the next few years? That's the first question. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you talk a little bit about TRANZACT and how we should think about that, particularly as it relates to the fourth quarter? Obviously, that's the time when we get the enrollments and the benefit from that. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. Great. And then the last thing, Mercer with JLT, yesterday there was some discussion about how their book was looking. I was wondering what you're seeing in terms of opportunities in terms of share gains as a result of that transaction, both in terms of people and business. 
Michael Burwell: So thank you for the question, Mark. Like prior years, we expect the second half of the year to be seasonally stronger from a free cash flow standpoint. Now during the first half of the year, we had higher compensation payments as well as timing related to cash payments for income taxes, which had an adverse effect on our free cash flow. But similar to last year, we knew coming into 2019 that we had a continued challenge around improving working capital, and we're taking actions to improve free cash flow during the remainder of the year and specifically focus on working capital. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, TRANZACT from a margin standpoint, we see it consistent with what we've targeted for the overall company from a margin standpoint, Mark. So we don't see it different. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I think you know we've seen our reinsurance business being very strong, as John commented in his comments -- prepared comments, at 10% overall. And so part of that's coming from continued wins and strong market conditions that we've seen out there. So I think it's encapsulated in those numbers, Mark. 
Michael Burwell: No. Elyse, I mean we've always said -- maybe just to make sure that was understood previously, that we would buy back shares to make sure we managed dilution in regards to our benefit programs to be in place. And that's what we've continued to do. So there's no different assumptions. That's been there. Obviously, we're very excited about TRANZACT and what we see it is going to do for us in the future. And that's what we reflected in taking the earnings guidance up. So we're very excited about what TRANZACT brings to the company. And as John said, we welcome those colleagues to the company, and we're very excited about it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. It's right in that range. We're very excited about it. Obviously, it's right spot into that range and maybe pushing the top end of it, to be fair. I mean the market is very strong. We've seen that reflected overall in demand. Obviously, the big piece comes in the fourth quarter. But that's what we're seeing overall in terms of individuals. So we've kind of put that 25% to 30% that we touched on over the next 5 years was what we're thinking about. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So on pension, if you remember, we talked about what the pension got valued at December 31, 2018, which obviously the market was way down at that point in time, let's just deal with that portion of it, that obviously gave a headwind offsetting our pension income that we would have in the current year. And that's what we reflected in the -- in our results. Had we not had that amount included in there, it would have been roughly $23 million that would have impacted those numbers had you taken that out. So when you adjust for that pension amount of that $0.14 and equally you added back the headwind that we had on taxes, I said our growth rate for the quarter would have been greater than -- or approximately 15%. So that's what I was trying to comment on. 
Michael Burwell: When we think about it today, we have over 2,000 agents that are in place. And obviously, the individuals may come through online, they may come through call centers, they're coming through various aspects of it. Clearly, we're seeing the market is strong in preparing for the annual enrollment period in the fourth quarter. And so our combined team under Gene Wickes' leadership is really looking at and making sure we're well prepared given the market dynamics that are in place and working with all the leaders associated with it. So we definitely see opportunity, and we think we're well prepared for it. And we feel good about the size of our organization to support that growth. 
Michael Burwell: We'll continue to evaluate it. I mean, we'll do that with that leadership team. I mean you want to be smart about doing anything. We're coming up to the annual enrollment period. I mean, obviously, we just closed the transaction yesterday. So we'll continue. I know Gene and the team will evaluate that and all opportunities that are out there and will consider what makes sense. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think if we go back to the last quarter call, we had touched on that we would consistently see improvement in CRB margins. And that's what we continue to see. So we're up 1 point in the current quarter. Todd and the team are working that. And as I said, it isn't going to see some giant ramp-up. It's just slow and steady and continue to see that progress. And I think that's what you're seeing in the 1% growth this quarter. 
Michael Burwell: We -- that's what we are working towards. We know it's a challenge just like it was for us last year in terms of moving in that direction. We have the entire team very focused on it like we did similar to last year. But yes, it is a challenge for us. And we recognize that, and that's what -- we're going to work our tails off as a collective team, just do everything we can to achieve that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, right now, we'd always looked at -- you had the integration cost rolling in, you had Stanford coming in there, you got a mix of things in there. We've always said 15% was kind of where we were. And if we're lucky, we'd be better. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, obviously, cyber has been very strong. It's not huge in terms of its aggregate size. Most of it has been brokering, [ incident ] brokering business. So it's not to say we aren't doing some consulting, but a majority of it is in the brokering business. And it continues to grow at double-digit type of numbers but off a small base. But we continue to see that opportunity as the marketplace is looking for that solution. And we continue to see that growing in the foreseeable future. 
Michael Burwell: Shlomo, I think your premise is right. Obviously, we're not having 12 months of the expenses for it since we closed on July -- the end of July here, and would have that -- only that portion of expenses. And obviously, most of the revenue, as we touched on, is coming through the AE, annual enrollment period. We had said, total growth at 7% to 8%. We said we're at 4% to 5% in terms of organic growth. And obviously, that's not 100% the numbers but it gives a good direction to it. And most of that's coming in the fourth quarter in terms of what is to be in place. And maybe I'll have -- Rich will follow back up with you, any further questions you may have. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, what drove that was Miller specifically. And yes, I think that's the right model going forward. And again, if you want, Rich can give you some more thoughts on that. But that's -- that Miller was the main driver there. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, Elyse, just as it relates to the overall margins in BDA, we've really gotten away from giving any segment guidance. We've kind of said overall that we'll get our operating income around 20%. But we continue to focus on improvements in that business. And the leadership team will continue to do that. So there's still opportunity there, but I'd put it in that particular context. And your second question as it relates to TRANZACT, what we see is that is consistent with what we see for the overall company, is in that type of range. 
