Andrew Krasner: Yes. There’s a lot of different components moving within the salaries and benefit line. Part of it is FX. We also had businesses that were part of the group last year, such as Miller, who were not in this year’s numbers as well. It will take some time for some of that to work through the system. So we expect to return to more historical normalized ratios and levels over time as that stuff clears through.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So there were no book sales this quarter. And obviously, we had the headwind from the first quarter of last year. We expect to return to more normalized levels over time as we’ve talked about in the past. However, there’s always the possibility that there may be some, over the next couple of quarters, that relate directly to events that would have transpired in 2021.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think the best way to look at that is to go backwards, look at some of our historical comp and ben ratios when there was less M&A activity, less ins and out within the business and some more stable FX.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean in terms of authorization, right, that -- we always make sure we have enough headroom to be able to capitalize on opportunities that may present themselves. And of course, we balance the share repurchase pacing with free cash flow now that we’re sort of through the large amount of cash on the balance sheet from the termination payment. And the divestiture of Willis Re. So I would expect the pace to moderate over the rest of the year. But we continue to believe that our highest return opportunity is the investment in our own shares.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Elyse, it’s Andrew. I think there are a couple of pieces to that, so I’ll try and unpack all of that. And if I miss anything, please let me know. So first, the metrics that we are providing are aligned with the way that we’re running our business under the new segmentation. In the past years, we did provide growth figures for TRANZACT to give further clarity into the growth for the first few years during the acquisition. We’ll continue to give color on that business, but the level of detail will be different just given the new segmentation. In terms of growth for that business, there were some timing headwinds for TRANZACT that occurred in Q1. We fully expect those to normalize over the full year. As mentioned previously on some calls, we run that business for profitable growth and continue to have high expectations that TRANZACT can continue strong growth. We see a macro environment which really supports the growth opportunities in that business.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the book of business drag for this quarter over the last quarter was about $15 million. So that’s what’s created that headwind for that particular business. As you can imagine, these things are a bit episodic and involve sometimes lengthy discussions with counterparties as they get worked through. So it’s hard to say with any certainty what the timing may look like for any of those throughout the rest of the year. But as I said earlier, we do expect to return to a normalized level over time and anything that does pop up throughout the rest of this year directly related to events from 2021.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And the other thing I would add, right, is when we set out our ‘24 targets, we accounted for the need to make investment hires throughout that period. The pace of margin improvement over that period won’t be linear, but we do expect it to be present every year throughout that journey. And of course, we’ve got various levers at our disposal to make sure that, that happens.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. It’s Andrew, why don’t I take the first part of that, and then I’ll hand it over to Carl to talk about the macro environment. So in terms of pacing of organic growth, I think it’s in line exactly with our expectations going into this year. We did expect the pace of that to accelerate during the second half of the year as we continue to narrow the gap with some of our peers. The hiring that Carl talked about sort of depends on the line of business, how quickly the revenue comes online. And we’ve accounted for that in our plan and commentary about sort of the pacing of organic growth throughout the rest of 2022.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. You need to look at that business on an annual basis, right? And on an annual basis, we absolutely expect meaningful growth from that business. So don’t focus too much on the one quarter of results on a year-over-year basis over the course of the year, right? It will continue to show positive momentum.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we entered the year with a meaningful run rate savings, have achieved incremental run rate savings in the first quarter. I think you could probably do some simple math there to try and figure out how much of what we’ve announced so far will end up being captured this year. The expectation is that we will continue to look for opportunities, to add to that throughout the course of the year and capture as much of that as possible. And as we discussed during the prepared remarks, we’re constantly evaluating new opportunities, and we’ll come back with an update on that as that develops.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, we’re not providing tax guidance for 2022. However, based on the current environment, we don’t foresee any large swings in our projected tax rate for 2022, based on where it’s been historically. Of course, it doesn’t take into account any future legislation, which could have a positive or negative effect on our tax rate.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think if you look on an annual basis over the last 2 years, it will give you a pretty good indication of our expectations.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We haven’t disclosed the exact pace of the spend of the $750 million, which we mentioned during Investor Day. You would expect a lot of that to be front-end loaded over, say, the first 2 years, which would be sort of the opposite of what you would expect from the savings, which might be more back-end loaded and accelerate over the course of the 3-year period.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No, I think you’re asking about the costs, and those will be distributed back to the areas that they are associated with.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So it’s Andrew. Thank you for the question. We continue to believe and, I think, have demonstrated that we’ve got a very different business than some of the stand-alone publicly traded peers. We have different relationships with the carriers. We’ve got different processes around lead generation and verification. So while we do take a look at that, of course, we don’t believe we’re impacted by completely the same dynamics as those companies.
Carl Hess: Yes. So we don’t disclose retention. But clearly, some of the headwinds we faced last year have dissipated. And we expect that to show up in the retention figures as well. There are a couple of factors there, right? One is organizational uncertainty, which has clearly dissipated with a clear path forward post the merger termination. And second is the human capital effects that the uncertainty had within our workforce and the fact that we’ve been able to reverse that with our hiring successes and building back the team to where it needs to be. So we’re quite happy with both of those, and we think that, that tells a pretty good story for what retention can be going forward as well as, of course, the traction of new business.
Carl Hess: Yes. Yes, we don’t give that level of detail, but we’re -- at least from my point of view, I guess, in a happy place of hiring being up and departures being down, which the net effect, therefore, has to be positive.
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. Thanks. I mean we’re pretty happy with where we are with both respect just kind of how we’re doing in 2022 and 2024. We’re making progress, and we’re what we said we would do. And I think the signs that’s happening are there, right, in terms of kind of the resumption of growth. And we talked a little bit about the human capital aspect of that, and we’re starting to see that take. The hires we did in 2021 begin to generate results for us in 2022 and the steps we took to stabilize the workforce, again, leading to retention and growth efforts. And with respect to our plans for 2024, right, the transformation progress has been at or above what we said it would, and we’re continuing to see good opportunities there. So I think my general tone is, I think we’re pretty happy, and we’ve done what we said we would do. And hopefully, you agree.
Carl Hess: That’s right. We didn’t know about Russia. No one knew about Russia, but we knew when making our plans that things would happen, right, good things and not so good things, right? We’re very...
Carl Hess: So a couple of points, and then I’ll let Andrew talk as well. First of all, I mean, not all businesses have that delay between onboarding and revenue, right? So demand for, for instance, so what’s going on today in our Work & Rewards business is such that we can put people to work as soon as we get them on the payroll, right? There’s a lot of demand in the marketplace for those services. And the training time to do it, the WTW way, is pretty quick. And of course, some people in sales and client management roles will come to us with existing relationships that they’ll be bringing with us as well. So it’s not a sort of nothing for a long time is the natural way of doing this.
Carl Hess: And with respect to the, say, rate, I mean, we think no matter what the dynamics, we deliver a differentiated and tailored approach to risk management for our clients. And thus, even an environment where the pace of rate increases, moderating can be quite good for our business. Clients work their way through their risk exposures. And just as when rates go up sharply, they may tend to rein in how much they’re spending and retain more risk. As rates moderate, that doesn’t necessarily translate into decreased spending or decreased revenue for us. And with respect to the recessionary -- potential recessionary environment, I think I’d point out that the need for good advice and great risk management solutions typically only intensifies during dynamic or turbulent times in the markets. And today, we’re seeing numerous opportunities to provide advice and solutions to our clients as they grapple with these sorts of issues. So we continue to monitor the financial impact of our business, these potential outcomes and adapt our strategy as necessary. But in general, these industries are ones where they’re pretty resilient to economic cycles.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean, TRANZACT really has 2 sales cycles, right? There’s the big Q4 cycle and a smaller Q1 cycle, and they’re really pretty independent.
Carl Hess: Yes. So I mean, our first quarter hiring was the highest we’ve had in any quarter since the first quarter of 2019. So I mean, it’s, I think, quite strong by any measure. In terms of attrition, we see this getting back to normal levels. There -- yes, if you look at things like a 12-month rolling attrition, right, things get very distorted by the effect of COVID and then coming out of COVID. So those numbers are a little tough to read. If we look at sort of things like monthly attrition, of course, there’s a lot of lumpiness to the figures and some timing that we have to examine, right? For instance, we’ve got, as you said, fourth quarter termination rates versus immediately after we pay our short-term incentives, right? And so there’s  in those numbers. However, we see this normalizing is the easiest way to put it, right, to levels that are much more in line with what we’ve seen historically for the organizations, precombination.
Carl Hess: Again, there’s -- the visibility here is a little hard because if you look at it on a 12-month basis, we’re factoring in COVID periods. If we look at it on a monthly basis, right, taking something and annualizing it sort of magnifies what might be pretty small number differences. So I don’t want to overgeneralize here, but we’re pretty happy with the numbers we’re seeing on the attraction and retention.
Carl Hess: So I mean, there was clearly an impact, right, and twofold, right? One is clients leaving. The other is sort of new clients not signing up, right? Again, back to my earlier comments about  and  out instead of one. We see that dissipating over the balance of the year, Brian. And part of that is due to a strong vibrant WTW is definitely a magnet for clients as well as people, and we’re very happy about that. And the second being comparables, right? So the effect, so if something goes away and looking at versus prior year numbers. So if you want to sort of take that as a straight line out, that’s not a bad place to start in terms of assumption.
Carl Hess: So we thank everyone for joining us this morning. As we said, we’re happy about the progress we’ve made, both with respect to 2022 and our 2024 goals. We look forward to further engagement with you as we take WTW forward to be the best that we can be. Thanks very much, and have a great morning.
