John Haley: Yes, so let me say, I think when we had the second quarter call, I think we advised people that it was probably better to look at the first half as a comparison as to how we were doing against our peers versus the second quarter only. If you look at the first half, we were at or above our peers generally. And one of the things -- I think we're delighted with the revenue growth we have here. And we're especially delighted because if you look at it in the third quarter of last year, our revenue growth was generally higher than our peers in the third quarter of last year, so we had tougher comparables. So having tougher comparables and getting the growth we had here, we couldn't be happier with the result and we think that reflects our competitive positioning. If we look at the third quarter -- the whole 3 quarters of this year, we think that's a fair look at our competitive positioning. 
John Haley: So let me -- I'm going to let Mike talk about the specifics of the $32 million, et cetera, and how that factors in there, but let me just make a couple of quick comments. Now first of all, one of the things we said coming out of the third quarter -- at the second quarter call, was that we -- our expenses were running ahead of where we thought they should be then and we thought that we could control that. And if you look at the margin improvement we have here, what we've done is we got our expense growth down to 2%. So we've had a 4% to 5% growth rate and we've had a 2% expense growth rate. That's exactly what we told folks we felt we could do and that's what's contributing in the margin improvement. We think that's something that we can continue to exercise that kind of discipline going forward. I think the 50 basis points, that should translate to either revenue standard, where as we look at that. That's not impacted as much by the revenues. It's actually an expense control item, again. But Mike, let me add... 
John Haley: $30 million to $35 million. We had -- and this was something we knew earlier, but it wasn't big enough to necessarily adjust, but we had to make an extra $40 million pension contribution to the U.K. And so there's -- it's a number of little things like that, that most of these are items that we expect to be -- I mean, the $40 million is a one-off for this year for the U.K. pension. The $30 million to $35 million is one-off. The CapEx increase is a one-off. So there are things that we don't think will affect it going forward, but they did affect it for this year. 
John Haley: Well, I think what we try to do, Shlomo, is we try not -- we actually have some metrics where we use as the stock price is lower, we'll ramp up our purchases a little bit more than we did. But we also are trying to be real careful about not borrowing to buy back the stock. And if you look this year -- this quarter, I mean, given that we had our dividend payments and our stock repurchases, we returned over 80% of our cash flow to shareholders already. 
John Haley: So I think, Mark, we'll be giving our detailed guidance for 2019 at the next call. But just to deal with IRR for the moment. They have had a -- they've had a fantastic year. I think it's been -- it's really all the different parts of it, as I was going through, have contributed. But especially, reinsurance has had a very strong year. As I said in the -- in my prepared remarks, we expect to see this continued growth through the remainder of 2018. The only comment I could give at this time is we've set ourselves up for a tough comparable for 2018 -- for 2019, of course, with the good growth we've had here. But this is also a business that we like the performance and we like the prospects a lot. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, first of all, the bulk lump sums are down this year, as we had expected they would be. We -- and so I think we have a -- there's a case where we have an easy comparable compared to the bulk lump sums going forward for next year. Again, we haven't gotten to any kind of detailed estimate on that. But I would say, overall, the decision to do bulk lump sums is as much an arbitrage rate between what the rate you can cash them out at and the accounting rate that you're using, as it is at the absolute level of the rates. So there's reason to do bulk lump sums even when the rates are low and there's reasons not to do it sometimes when rates are higher. But overall, we do think the increase in rates will probably pick up bulk lump sum activity. But again, we don't have any real thoughts as to how significant that will be or even if it will be significant. But I think it's certainly not going to be a lower level of activity than we've had this year. So we feel pretty good about that. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think Talent and Rewards is one of the areas that we saw did not perform very well in the first half of the year, particularly in the second quarter. And we said then that we would be taking some actions to try to, a, control expenses there and to get the growth up. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, that's an area that grew about 1% or so. We're actually happy with that because one of the things we've done is make sure that we're trying to focus on the areas that have the growth and the profit potential. And I stress actually growth and profit potential. There are areas in Talent and Rewards that we see that seem to be relatively high growth and seem to have very little or negative profit. Those are not particularly attractive to us. We want to be in the high profit and the growth areas. And so doing some of that movement to those areas and getting the 1% growth, we like the margins we had and we think we're placed to grow from there. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, Elyse, as I've mentioned in response to a couple of the other questions, we're really going to give the detailed 2019 guidance at the next earnings call after we're finished with the first -- after we're finished with the full year. A couple of comments. One, the idea of low double-digit EPS growth is, in fact, an aspiration we have over the next medium-term outlook coming up here. But how that factors into any specific year, I think we'll adjust that as appropriate. That's not to suggest we won't come out with low double-digit growth, just that we haven't come out with the actual 2019 numbers yet. Your point is well taken, though, that some of the 2016 difficulties that we've had with 606 will -- those will disappear when we move into 2019. And so we actually expect the kind of growth we would see should be more robust. 
John Haley: We're going to try and do this in real time, Elyse, but we -- so we'll try and mention that in a few more minutes, if we -- we'll work it into another answer. 
John Haley: Yes, so Greg, the answer to that is, no, it's going to be 0. Now if there are restructurings that come up in the future, we're going to -- we're actually making a distinct effort. We're going to try not to do that at all. To the extent that we do, do it, we'll just take it as part of the normal earnings. [ And that part, it's less than half. ] 
John Haley: Yes, so I think our market-derived income is down year-over-year. We see pressure around premium flow into the London market. That's hampering our performance in this space. And another important thing is in the prior year period, we had several onetime projects that we just don't have this year. And so that's contributing to the overall shortfall. But I would have to say that the London market stands out as a quite a distinction from all the other areas around the globe, where we're seeing strong growth. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, look, I think Brexit is something that, as with all businesses across all different areas, we need to be worried about making sure that we can provide continuity of service and a seamless transition for our clients and for -- and indeed, for our reinsurance partners post-Brexit. And that's really regardless of how things happen. We have plans that we've been working hard on. We are -- we've been working diligently to make sure that we're prepared for any different outcome in Brexit. We're very close to finalizing our post-Brexit platform, including the necessary regulatory approvals, and that's something that we'll be announcing in the near future. We're not able to say anything today, but we'll come out with something soon on that. But we're confident we have a good plan. 
John Haley: Yes, and let me just make sure we're clear about this. I think to answer Elyse's question, the discrete item we had in this quarter was about $12 million or something like that. That's going to reverse in the fourth quarter. So when we're giving you the projection of 20% to 21% for the year, that's something that's not affected by this discrete item because we've already assumed that's going to reverse in the fourth quarter. And I guess, that's really what probably, I think, Elyse was asking for, is what's a -- how can I get to a more normal tax rate, and I think what we're telling you is 20% to 21% is what we see as the normal tax rate. 
John Haley: Yes, again, we're not in a position to go into any details, really, on those things. But I would just say, look, we said when we were targeting our margin of around 25% this year, that we thought that we would get increases in the years beyond that. And we expect to see, when we come out to update on our expected 2019 earnings in February, we'll be coming out with some expected increases in our margins. 
John Haley: I mean, so the growth in the BDA segment is largely a function of the growth in the Individual Marketplace. The Group Marketplace is the much smaller portion of that. I don't have the numbers right in front of me in terms of the enrollment. Can I ask you to follow up with Rich on that? But I mean, I think here's what we would say is that, overall, we expect the Group Marketplace to grow up into the double digits. It'll be a good bit above the double digits, probably, and a good way into there anyway. And the Individual Marketplace is probably going to grow in the mid- to high single digits. And so that's how the combination comes out at right around 10%, something like that. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think -- look, consulting traditionally has been a business that you tend to get -- it's by adding consultants that you tend to increase the revenues there. I think in the last decade or so, we've seen a little bit more of revenues from increased technology, which can give a bit of scale. But I think it's still largely a business which is driven by bodies. And so I think we'll continue to see that as the most important driver, although we will see some tools and software and products that are -- that will help. I think in the brokerage business, it's -- I think it's a similar thing, although I -- and I think what happens, though, is that to the extent technology comes in and we get some efficiencies and make our brokers more productive, then it may be that we can get that without increased headcount. 
John Haley: Yes, so look, we -- the business, Willis Towers Watson as a whole, we went out after the second quarter results and said we need to be more disciplined about how we're managing it and these are the kinds of things we want it to do. We didn't go out looking to cut out people. We looked to reduce unnecessary meetings, be more efficient the way we held meetings, to focus on a lot of our internal expenses and not on expenses that are related to client work. And by doing that, we pulled it down to the 2%. We recognized that -- and we think that if we continue to do that, we can -- that's something that we should be able to continue to do into the fourth quarter and indeed, beyond. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think -- look, the -- what we've always said is if we can find acquisitions that make sense and inorganic growth, we -- that's actually what we would prefer to do. We prefer to find things that can grow the organization and grow it profitably. When we're comparing that to a stock that we think is somewhat undervalued at the moment, it's hard to find some acquisitions that actually pass this threshold, particularly acquisitions of any size. And so we're going to continue, though, with that overall priority. Acquisitions that make sense would be #1. And if we can't do that, we're going to return the -- our cash to the shareholders. As I mentioned in response to a previous question, if you look at the last quarter, we returned over 80% of our free cash flow to shareholders. I think that's something that we would be looking to do in the future. 
John Haley: Well, I mean, the obvious answer, I think, is that technology is making us more efficient -- making all employees more efficient in all businesses. And I think that's especially true in a professional service firm like ours. And so we continue to look at the possibilities of using technology in all of our consulting businesses as well as in our brokerage businesses. I mean, I joined the company over 40 years ago as an actuary. And I look at the kind of projections that used to take me a month to do on these enormous spreadsheets, actual physical paper spreadsheets that I had. And today's actuaries press a button and get 10,000 of them in 3 seconds. So we've seen technology influence everything we do. And I think sometimes, we don't recognize some of the incremental things that occur year-to-year, but that would be the biggest part. 
John Haley: I'm not sure quite what your question is. I mean, we don't expect to have -- there will be no integration expenses going into next year. But you started out asking about organic growth. I'm not quite sure what your question is. 
John Haley: No, I think that's over. In fact, I would say that, that was almost wholly a 2016 phenomenon. We had a little bit of, in some businesses, a little bit creep into 2017. But if you look at 2017, we performed as -- we grew as fast as any of our competitors. And into 2018, we're doing the same. So no, we don't see any impact from that. 
John Haley: But I mean, I think the -- yes and so, a, yes, 75% to 80% is the right longer-term thing. We are -- I think our free cash flow is growing 75% -- or 72% so far this year. And we expect to see a significant growth next year, too. 
John Haley: No, we -- I mean, I think any time there's a big deal, there's always some market repercussions that occur there, both in terms of the way your competitors are reconfigured and how they go to market and in terms of sometimes individuals looking to move from those organizations. And we see a little bit of that, but we haven't seen any big impacts. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on today's call, and I look forward to talking at our fourth quarter earnings and full year call in February. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, I would add on the $32 million, Kai, other income. So just picking it up back up on John's comments. So when we look at across the segments, we had 220 basis points improvement in margins across all 4 segments. And as John said, due to the 2% management of expenses, in addition to that 5% organic revenue growth, the other income was $32 million in terms of the change that was included in there. And so that was -- what we see is pension, what we see in terms of managing our foreign currency impacts overall. So that's how we think about it. 
Michael Burwell: No, no, I would say, no. I would say timing is always a challenge in terms of when you communicate things. But what we looked at was we are completing some additional CapEx spends, specifically around our facilities consolidations, as we've continued in our merger and consolidating office space that we have, just as an example. Additionally, you're seeing the additional spend that we're going to do on integration and that additional drives that incremental cost. And we see that benefit, obviously, in that 50 basis points improvement and moving, as John referenced, into fiscal year 2019. So those are just a couple of the bigger pieces of that in terms of our adjustment back to it. But we still look at it and say, look, we're 60% up in terms of our free cash flow. We're not going away from our long-term guidance in terms of where we're going to get to from thinking about free cash flow. But we thought it was appropriate to make sure we give you, and ultimately, investors, a view as to what that would be, based on what we know. 
Michael Burwell: It moves around a little bit, Elyse. I mean, I think your estimate, we kind of said that that's in a range of where it is, but it does move around a little bit. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, when we look at -- we feel good about our businesses in terms of their growth prospects going forward. And as I referenced in terms of what we thought we'd be in terms of the rates of overall revenue growth and those low- to mid-single digits for all business except BDA and really kind of being in that double-digit area. But we feel good about those prospects. And obviously, as we've continued to perform, it gives more difficult comps for us, no different than we had in this quarter. But we feel that that's the kind of right growth. And as John said, we will update that here in the fourth quarter. As it relates to tax, I would just -- and we're continuing to work the real-time numbers here, but we -- as I mentioned in my prepared comments as well, that we had discrete items that drove our tax rate down here in the third quarter. We believe that those discrete items will -- some of those will reverse in the fourth quarter, and again, doing nothing more than the math. And when you look at it at a 20% to 21% effective rate, it gets you to about a 23% to 27% rate in the fourth quarter in terms of looking at it. As you look at and think about that rate going forward, we have no reason to believe it will be different, frankly, at this time, but we'll continue to evaluate all Treasury guidance as it's issued and its applicability to us. We do believe we will see some additional rules come in the fourth quarter. We will evaluate those. And honestly, we will update on our year-end call in terms of what that looks like for us going forward. But at this stage, we don't know anything further and that's kind of our best guess and best view -- not guess, but our best perspective of it going forward. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, maybe, John, I would just add to your comments. Just in terms of the pricing, pricing has really kind of been in that 0% to 1%, depending whether you've had losses or not. And so that's really kind of been the overall numbers from a pricing standpoint. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, and I would add, John, just I mean, just every investment that we continue to make in every one of our service offerings has a technology component to it and it continues to drive some level of productivity overall that we're seeing across the business. But as you commented before, it's not -- that's not changing overnight. It's incremental in terms of what's happening. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, as we say, long term, right, I mean, we're looking -- that's where our ultimate goal is into the future, yes. 
