Michael Burwell: Sure. Mark, thank you for the kind comments upfront there. As we've spoken about in the past, we looked at it at the beginning and the outset of the year. We have line of sight to 80%, 85% of our revenue base for the year. And obviously Q1 and Q4 tend to be outsized quarters for us. But we feel pretty good about the multiyear arrangements that we have in place, whether they're in our retirement business or the retention rates that we have in our CRB business and reinsurance businesses overall. But obviously in our talent rewards business as we commented on here where people have more discretionary ability, we've seen a decline in people taking on those particular projects that we've seen overall. So I think on one hand, we feel very good about the industry we're in and our line of sight in terms of what our revenue looks like. But clearly we're seeing fall-off as it relates to those discretionary projects. And equally as it relates to the insurable base overall as you're not taking on new construction projects, or you're seeing that discretionary activity decline as we touched on as it relates to the marine business, et cetera, those are the areas that we see that have a more discretionary view. 
Michael Burwell: So Dave, thanks for the question. I mean I guess I'll try to give you a little bit, but it's going to be difficult. I mean the reason we pulled the guidance was for that very reason in terms of making those estimates. On the revenue side, I guess I'd really go back to John's earlier comments of what he said. I mean he was more pessimistic as it relates to the second quarter, but feeling better as it relates to the top line for the full year. But it's just difficult to predict, I mean, in terms of what's happening. Obviously, we have line of sight to, as I say, a lot of our business in terms of renewals, whether that we -- and have a great line of sight. We're seeing greater retention activities going on in our business, particularly on our CRB business. The -- we're seeing the insured base going down. We're seeing rates come up a bit. And obviously we're seeing retention rates going up overall. We're getting smarter and more creative in terms of how it is that we work and close on new business and doing that remotely. And that's across all our businesses overall. So on the top line, I guess I'm trying to -- again, there's a reason we pulled the guidance. And I'll give you as much color as we can, again, about what our recurring revenue base would be picking up on John's comments and what's that look like from a revenue standpoint. On the costs side, we went after pretty quickly as we saw things change in terms of what we could do on all cost actions that made sense. We wanted to make sure that we are balancing the short-term and long-term investments in terms of not making cost decisions that were going to impact the business for the long term. But in the short term where discretionary cost and activities did happen, that we would indeed make those decisions, and we have. And we've seen that -- you've seen that offset as it relates to our overall cost base. I would also go back and say, the TRANZACT deal that we closed at the end of last year. And that business overall has been very helpful to us in our BDA segment in terms of -- we're continuing to see the growth of that business overall. And we continue to believe that we'll continue to see what we had highlighted the rationale for that deal. And it continues to exceed our expectations, and that management team overall is doing one heck of a job. So I'm trying to give you -- I know you're trying to get those line items. I'm trying to give you as much color as I can. But at the same time, there's a reason we pulled the guidance, Dave, so I'm sorry I can't be more helpful there. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, so maybe starting with the second point first. I mean just as it relates to Great Britain, you're looking at continued market conditions, Greg, that have been happening. And I think our -- what we are seeing at least and other competitors have reported their results have equally seen Great Britain as a market at this time has been a bit more down a bit just in terms of what's happening in that market. The good news is obviously we operate in many markets. And some -- as you see, Latin America is up and North America has been strong overall. So I think it's just at this point in time in terms of where it's been, but Great Britain has been a very good market for us for a long time. It's just kind of where we are in its current cycle. As it relates to rating and rates, I mean I would say what you're seeing is, and John kind of alluded to this, so you're seeing retention rates of our clients are up on a year-over-year basis. And you're seeing the insured base itself is down in some of the transient type of work that we had had or we would insure overall, but your obviously P&C rates increasing. And depending on whether you've had a loss or not a loss is obviously impacting those rates. But we're seeing the positive impact of that tailwind on those rates. So try to give you some color to it, but I would wrap it up and say, overall, we're very pleased with what the CRB business has done, what our colleagues have done there in terms of delivering results. So hopefully that gives you some color to it. 
Michael Burwell: No, Greg. I thank you for the question. But right now, no. I mean we do not see that to be the case. We, I believe, in terms of -- thought about all the various options upon its adoption. We had a lot of discussion and talked about 606 over the last couple of years. But right now based on our estimates and what's -- how we've projected things, we don't see anything unusual coming through 606. 
Michael Burwell: We did not. We did not do that. No. Let me remember, we acquired them over the third quarter last year, right, so we just -- yes, we have not disclosed that. But I got to tell you, I mean, we're -- but going back on that $87 million, the business is growing nicely. And I'd just reiterate the comments I mentioned earlier. We're very pleased with TRANZACT, what it's doing, the team that's been in place and the results that they're delivering. And it's profitable, so we're very pleased with TRANZACT. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And I was just going to add to your comments, John. I mean at the end of the day, we believe we have very good margins overall in our HCB business as we look across the industry. And as John said, it's obviously competitive and we will be competitive, but it's ultimately about value. And as our clients continue to see that value versus the cost equation, and they've continued to reward us based on that value. 
John Haley: No, go ahead. I'll go ahead. Thanks, Mike. I would just say, yes, I think so. And Mark, one of the things we've seen in other downturns, whether it's the early 2000s or the financial crisis or even some of the other since then is Talent and Rewards is very sensitive, and we can see some of the revenue declines can be reasonably steep in the beginning just as we saw in this quarter in certain aspects of Talent and Rewards, but it's also an area that can ramp up relatively quickly when times get better. And in today's times, there are really quite challenging Talent and Reward issues, whether it's diversity and inclusion, whether it's how you handle the pandemic, whether it's how you reimagine work for the future. So I think there's a lot of opportunities for us to scale that up over the coming years. 
John Haley: Yes. So maybe I'll just deal with that first, and then I'll come back to the workplace. I mean frankly and I think we referenced this in our prepared remarks, what has happened in terms of the economic turmoil that we've had from the lockdowns and some of the other changes that we've seen over the last couple of months have really deepened our appreciation for the merger. We see that there's more innovation required. And the basic thesis of this merger was, as we said, not about getting bigger, but about getting better, about providing more innovative solutions. And the one thing we've seen over the last few months is the world needs more innovative solutions. So there's -- we actually are more excited about the merger today than we were on in the beginning of March, when we announced it. And frankly we were pretty damn excited then, so I think that's just been redoubled. In terms of the workplace of the future, I think, Mark, we we're trying to take a quite thoughtful approach to what we're doing here. And one of the things that means is we don't actually know what the answer is yet. And let me explain about that. We know that we're not going to go back to the pre-COVID world of work. But we also know that we're not going to be -- the way we're working today is not the way we're going to be working in the future also. And so it's going to be something in between. And what we're trying to do is understand -- we -- I mean it's been incredible the way our colleagues have embraced working from home and some of the adversity we had there. But that's not a sustainable way of working, and what we need to do is to figure out what we can do in the future. But we do know working from home will be a bigger part of it. We just don't know exactly how that will play out. There will probably be impacts on real estate, probably impacts on location, but we don't know exactly what they are yet. 
John Haley: I -- so -- Elyse, thanks for the question. Yes. By the way, I would say just -- you talked about the resilience of our businesses, and I would say yes. But I would also just comment on, I think Mike mentioned this, the resilience of our colleagues, just amazing the way they've stepped up during this time. I think yes, it's -- the worst case I was looking at was a decline, I think, during the second quarter and then going into the back half of the year. The one caution I would give to that is the situation is a little bit uncertain with potential second waves, with more and a return to some of the lockdowns. So we're still a little uncertain, but I'm nowhere near as pessimistic as I was -- or at least I don't worry about the downside as much as I did 3 months ago, say. 
John Haley: No. We don't expect it -- if there's a bigger impact from it, it won't be because of the concentration of TR. I mean it could be that as you go longer into some lockdowns, you get more projects canceled. But it's not a concentration issue. 
John Haley: Yes, sure. So as you know, there are several global antitrust filings that are required in connection with the transaction. And the specific process that we have to do varies by jurisdiction. But we're still planning to submit all of our required filings in the various jurisdictions, and we expect to have clearances in the first half of 2021. I will say -- this is a complex undertaking. But there's nothing that has happened so far that has been any surprise to us, and we're continuing to work with the regulators cooperatively. So we have no change to our plans as to when we expect to finish. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think Mike, you have that here. What I would say is that every day, I see things come across my e-mail of new business wins that we've had. And our colleagues have adapted to going after new business in a virtual way and have become very successful at that. But the fact remains new business is not as robust as we -- as it was in the pre-COVID era. That's just a fact of life that not as many people are going out to bid. So we become successful in doing this where we can, but it's not as big a feature as it had been. 
John Haley: Okay. So look, we -- our churn is something that we've looked at for quite a while here. And we're a firm with lots and lots of actuaries. And so one of the things we've done over the time is analyze that. We've actually used outside advisers to analyze that too. And unlike some others in the market, we haven't changed our churn assumptions just arbitrarily. We've continued to monitor that quarter to quarter. We do some actuarial analysis. We're actually slightly conservative in our estimates. So we feel pretty good about the kind of numbers we have here, and we don't expect any change. 
John Haley: Yes. And I would just add that, Mike, you sort of touched upon this. But look, Great Britain has been impacted by some -- we talked about the marine, some of the global aerospace and things like that, that have impacted Great Britain in this quarter. But Great Britain is one of the great reservoirs of our talent and our intellectual capital, and it's a key part of the business. We don't have any concerns about GB. 
John Haley: Yes. In all the transactions I've done, that's been the case, I think. All these big transactions, we've always had the shareholder vote before we got the antitrust approval. In this case, this one is no exception. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks. And I think if we look back to the last several downturns that we've seen, we would expect that the Talent and Rewards revenue decline would probably persist through at least the third quarter, maybe into the fourth quarter and then really be picking up during the first half of 2021. That would be consistent with, say, the early 2000s. That would be consistent with the financial crisis. And so that's what we see. The one thing that makes this a little difficult as I was saying, is that we don't know what the effect of the lockdowns is going to be in the second half of this year. And so if we see particularly in the U.S., states going back and having a second wave of lockdowns and everything, that could have an impact that we wouldn't -- we haven't factored in right now. That would change the whole timing of everything there. But I think we're -- as I said earlier, there are a lot of human resource challenges and opportunities that are here in this current environment. They're not going to go away. And I think especially in 2021, we would expect to see corporations going out to address all those. And frankly it's one of the things that, as I said earlier, the ability to offer innovative solutions when we get together with Aon, that combination is going to be even more powerful in this regard. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think that is the key thing, is that it's -- that this is a nicely profitable business that we have here. 
John Haley: I was going to say, look, we're in a competitive industry. And when we -- I talked earlier about doing new business on a virtual basis, but we have to -- when we're doing that, we have to come out with competitive offerings. And that means we have to make sure that we're offering the most value for the services we're providing. And we feel we continue to do that. It's not -- that is not much different now than it was 6 months ago. 
John Haley: That wasn't something that we discussed in the company generally. I mean I'm sure individual colleagues were discussing that, but it wasn't something that we did any kind of survey or anything on. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks very much, everybody, and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call. 
Charles Peters: I was wondering if you could provide us some perspective on how the positive pricing trends in Property & Casualty have affected your Corporate Risk & Broking and Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segments. And then in the slide deck, you did note in CRB that part -- there was some pressure in Great Britain. And John, it seems like if I reflect back on the last several years, that more often than not, Great Britain has been a source of some challenges for the company. Maybe that impression is wrong, but maybe you could provide some perspective on that as well. 
Charles Peters: Got it. I guess the final question just from a sequencing perspective, and I know, John, you did provide some comments, but I just wanted to confirm that from a shareholder vote perspective, that the shareholders will be voting on this transaction with Aon before we know if there's any antitrust issues that forced the spinoff of some businesses. Just wanted to confirm that that's the case. 
Charles Peters: Got it. Well, listen, congratulations on the results. And John, stay safe. There's a hurricane headed your way. So be well. 
