Dominic Casserley: Well, let me -- I'm going to have, obviously, Steve Hearn, who oversees Willis Insurance U.K, which is part of Global. Obviously, with the provider as you know, we don't provide quarter-to-quarter earnings revenue or cost-specific guidance. But with that, let me have Steve just give a sense of how we're doing. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, again, I can't give you -- I'm not going to give you specific guidance, but obviously, the things you have to analyze is the sense of revenue momentum on an ongoing basis versus where we see cost momentum, and I think you're starting to see the cost momentum, cost growth come down, both pre the operational improvement program, which hasn't really kicked in yet. And we will see an acceleration of the impact of the operational improvement program. So obviously, our plan is to continue to have strong organic growth to supplement that with M&A growth and to see the combination of our normal expense management, which you started to see the impact of, combined with the operational improvement program, to see the crossover into and the increase in margin expansion. And those were the points I made at the end of my remarks, and we can see all the ingredients for that happening. 
Dominic Casserley: Again, I hope it's as soon as we can possibly make it. And the -- you're going to have to analyze what you'd see the numbers going through in terms of our revenue momentum and the deceleration of our organic expense growth and how that's going to play out. And John took you through, for instance, the trend line in our salary and benefits over the last few quarters, and you can see that, it's actually been flat, and the impact of the operational improvement program. So we would obviously expect if those trends continued, that we'll be able to see our performance improve in good time. 
Dominic Casserley: A very good question. We remain very confident of our ability to fund both in Miller transaction and Gras Savoye through our normal cash on hand and debt capacity. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we didn't give you the details back then if you remember of how we expected to phase our expense growth. I mean I think you can expect... 
Dominic Casserley: You can naturally expect that in our ability to accelerate savings. Of course, that doesn't mean you're going to see some slight acceleration of expenses because let's talk about water in the expenses. Expenses are parallel running costs, some redundancy costs, some specific system investments you might make to simplify a process, and obviously building out of capability to absorb more people in lower-cost locations. You got to have somewhere for them to sit, for instance. So obviously, as we have accelerated our expectation of where our savings will come, we obviously would incur, for obvious reasons, costs a bit earlier. 
Dominic Casserley: Very good question. And so all the leaders of this program or the people heavily involved in it are focused on a number of metrics. Obviously, a critical issue about staff morale is actually how is this affecting client service? And so as we advance every single project, we are also measuring client service metrics to make sure that as we make changes, not only are clients well-informed, understand what we're doing, but of course at the end of the day, we actually want client service metrics to go up. So we are, first of all, very firmly focusing on client service as much as operational improvement as we -- or cost improvement as we do this. Secondly, you should understand, this is a program which is highly involving everybody who's doing the change. These programs are not from some outside element doing the change, these are Willis-driven programs with people heavily involved in the operational improvements. So that is the process we're going through. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we have 2, obviously, and the cost of the program includes, first of all, parallel running, right? So if we have to run -- let's say, we have a new process taking place in Mumbai, which was taking place in a city, in a developed market. We're going to run those 2 processes in parallel for a period of time to make sure that they bedded down client services in place, et cetera. And then secondly, we obviously watch very carefully making sure that we can retain key people during that process. And as you would expect, we'd have the normal approach to retention payments, et cetera, as necessary, to make sure that key people, while we are making that transition, are incented to stay. 
Dominic Casserley: No. Look, I'm never going to give very, very specific timing on any particular quarter's renewal cost performance in advance for the reason that we don't give guidance. I think you just have to look, as I said in answer to the question earlier is, at the trend line in our revenues this year and what you see based upon our expense actions prior to the operational improvement program, and we've given you a lot of information on that in terms of how it's decelerating and what's happening to S&B costs quarter-to-quarter, and how that therefore is trending and how we see the operational improvement program flowing through. And we are very confident that we're doing all the right things to have those lines crossed and have been very clear that we will not be happy until we're regularly producing revenue growth, which is more than cost growth. We think we're taking all the right actions to have that crossover happen as soon as possible. 
Dominic Casserley: I think in many ways, it's in even better shape. Let me go through the elements of that. The fundamental drivers of organic growth of our strategy, which is pinned around connecting Willis together so that we can deliver around the world our specialty capabilities through our multiple channels to our clients. Coordinated way is well advanced. We make great strides in that, we are seeing good momentum in new business wins, pipelines are strong, we're very happy with the way that's developing. Expense growth management, we are -- we deliberately made investments for that strategy I've just described to you in the second half of 2013. We knew that was going to be a pig in the python problem in terms of cost comparisons during 2014, and we said that to you. We said that we thought we would see expense growth decline during the course of 2014 as we implemented expense management activity post that investment. And you are seeing that take place and we are confident about that. We also have meanwhile continued to be able to invest in the talent to drive that organic revenue growth, so we're confident about that. The operational improvement program, which we only announced in April, is ahead of where we thought it would be and is getting traction, and we're confident that it is going to deliver ahead of the schedule we laid out in April. And finally, we very, very explicitly laid out an M&A strategy focused on specialty situations, which have strong franchises, high-quality firms, that we would not be going after just volume, just bulking up, but instead, we'll be going after very specific transactions where we could engage in exclusive conversations to bring those very talented organizations as part of the Willis family. We are very pleased with the progress we've made on that and are highly excited about how it's going to play through in 2015. So actually, if you ask how do I feel about the health of Willis now, compared to a year ago, I feel very good. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. And we've highlighted that if you look at the detail behind the headline of 2.5% organic growth, you can see that North America continued to grow along the trend line it's been on, International had growth again of over 6%. So we had some very specific issues, a number of them, coincidentally, in Construction. So that is, your interpretation is correct. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as we said to you last year, we did have, again, a very strong Construction quarter in the fourth quarter of '13, so that would just be a tough comp. But again, we remain optimistic about the trend line in the majority of our businesses. 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think we laid out that we had a very, very small number in the third quarter, so the majority of that number will obviously flow into the fourth quarter. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we've said overall that I think the majority of the savings we get will flow to the bottom line. I think the way to think about this is the different component parts that drive our expenses. And let me hand over to John to help you think about that. 
Dominic Casserley: So I think we tried to be very clear in clarifying this issue of what the impact of the operational improvement program as it plays through. If we were to see organic growth rates, nominal organic growth rates of the business, the numbers you see, sort of the equivalent of over 4% we see year-to-date, if we were to see that number at the lower end of our single-digit range, sort of much lower than that 4% number, the operational improvement program, we believe, underpins our ability to achieve our margin expansion number. If we see more robust growth at the middle or higher end of what we're seeing, of our mid-single digit, obviously, the operational improvement program enables us to expand margin over time more than that 70 basis points. That's the explanation we've given and that's how we see it. 
Dominic Casserley: I think our position remains where it has been. We continue to focus on our capital management as follows. Obviously, we have to fund CapEx, et cetera, as we drive the business. Next, we are -- we want to be able to grow our dividend as our earnings grow. Third, we want to immunize the balance sheet or the number of share count for option exercises -- employee option exercises, so we did that in 2014 with the program we announced. And then we have M&A. And that's how we are thinking about our program, and obviously, managing accordingly. 
Dominic Casserley: We will examine what's happening to the option exercises this year and then look what's happening on the outlook and make an announcement accordingly. 
Dominic Casserley: We'll see, Bob, won't we. I'm not going to answer that question. I'm going to go back to what I said earlier, right, which is that we have a very strong operational improvement program we put in place, which can deliver very significant cost benefits. You are right to say that our ability to drive our margin expansion -- and most importantly of all, the number -- as you know, you and I talked about a number of times, and I'm really focused on, which is cash flow generation, right? That's the real number we should be focused on. Our ability to do that is obviously dependent as well on how well revenues grow, which to some degree is impacted by the economic outlook. I would reiterate what I said earlier today, which is, please do not drive a direct correlation between economic performance of the global economy and our ability to grow organic revenues. There is some correlation, of course. Of course, there is, but we have shown, I think, quite successfully over prolonged period of time, that in the number of our markets, we are able to outgrow nominal GDP, because either we're taking share, or because actually, the underlying growth of brokerage of property and casualty insurance or healthcare in the commercial space is growing much faster than the underlying economy. So yes, of course, we are affected by economic outlook, but it's not a one-to-one type ratio. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, you're right. Perfectly, you're right that what we refer to this year will flow to an old plan. You should be very confident, and it's all available, is that the 2 key drivers of incentive compensation, which is our annual bonus plans and our long-term incentive plan, are directly tied to the performance of revenue growth and EBITDA growth in the annual plan and on the long-term plan, multiyear revenue growth and EBIT growth over time. And so, yes, you're right, our incentive programs are absolutely aligned with the things that drive cash flow generation. 
Dominic Casserley: The answer to that is no. Again, as I said, because there are these very significant contracts and we are particularly strong in that area, it really is about when a contract is awarded and construction begins. And that doesn't tie around, unlike other parts of the insurance world, it doesn't tie around sort of traditional renewal dates, sort of seasonal renewal dates that you see in other parts of our business. It is when the contract is awarded. The more run-of-the-mill business, maybe you'd see the more standard business as usual, if you like, you maybe see an element of that, but no, it's not skewed, certainly in the U.K. and international world, and I believe that's the case in North America as well. 
Dominic Casserley: First cut at that, that is not the driver here. We might have slightly more incentive compensation because profits would have been better, but it's not -- I think the thing that is very important, we do not believe that the slowdown in our revenue growth is because we've been slowing expense growth, right? Right. We've highlighted for you specific things that have gone on in specific businesses. Meanwhile, International has been growing over 6%, North America is growing over 3%, et cetera. We might have, as I said, had some -- because of better performance, the earlier question we had about accruing bonuses, we might have had slightly higher bonus accrual. John, do you want to add... 
Dominic Casserley: Same thing and in fact, North America produced a compensation because we had perfectly good quarter in North America running at perfectly normal levels. 
Dominic Casserley: I'm going to turn to Steve for this, because obviously it affects particularly our London businesses and our position in that market. 
Dominic Casserley: All right, given that there are no more questions, let me just close this out here because we'd be on time. I'll just give some very brief closing remarks. First of all, let me reiterate, there have clearly been several unusual events this quarter. And of course, it's fair to say that this is the toughest reinsurance market, for example, for over a decade. We feel we are making progress in our efforts on expense management, as this quarter's outcome and expense growth illustrates. We're already encouraged by the results we've seen in the operational improvement program and what we can see that we'll achieve in 2015. So we still have a long way to go on this, but so far so good, and we won't be distracted from our goals that we've laid out. Looking further out, of course, the economic growth in many major markets, as everyone comments and people have asked on this call, remains uneven. So we, of course, are duly cautious, but our revenue performance year-to-date underscores the value of Willis's business model and the power of our portfolio and our confidence into the future. Thanks very much. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Thanks for the question. I'll remind you, of course, that our U.K. Insurance business is a sum of its parts. So we have some, as we pointed out in the script, some businesses that have performed well in Q3, and in fact performed well throughout the year for us, and some businesses that continue to drive significant growth for the organization. We had some challenges. As we've declared, U.K. retail has been a challenge for us for a period of time, some years, and that is something that I've been working on very hard over the course of this year in terms of a turnaround program for our U.K. Retail business. And as I say, we continue to drive strong growth in many parts of the organization. Within it as well are our Global Specialty operations, which continue to be market-leading businesses, and we're very proud of our position as market leader with some strong margin contribution and profits from those businesses. I'm afraid I can't get to the specifics. As Dominic said, I've given you some guidance around what will happen in Q4. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I mean, you're absolutely right, Dominic. It is very much posed into your question -- or in your question, which is, is there a difference between the U.K. and North America, and in fact there is -- the coverage is different. And in fact, the markets that provide the capacity are often different as well. I should say as well, Construction process's strength, it's been an issue for us as we called in terms of some specifics around Q3, but we are a significant leader, both in the U.K. and in North America in terms of Construction business. And for both of those activities, in fact, around the world from our U.K. business, this is a large and profitable activity for us. But as Dominic described, it's made up of lots of different things. There's the continual pipeline of smaller projects, which we have significant share and a lot of them continue to come through very effectively for us. It is typically these larger projects that drive the lumpiness that you see in our performance, both positively and negatively. The lead time can be significant on -- in some cases are vast projects, billions of dollars of TIV, insured asset value, in some cases, and those are very complex in terms of the way they're financed, very complex in terms of the way they're tendered, often multiple suppliers are involved and often multiple brokers engaged in terms of providing the coverage and advice around those. And again, buried in your question, if you'll excuse the pun, is literally when the shovel or spade goes into the ground that we know we have a contract in place and initial risk on many of these projects. You're right. 
Steven Hearn: Sure. And Dominic, keeping straight, not to get into any detail in terms of the transaction itself, it's a difficult question to answer without doing that. Miller, I think people would recognize as the preeminent independent wholesaler in the London market. The company has operated for over 100 years under the Miller brand with a very strong wholesale content. And as we declared, when we announced that we were in exclusive conversations around this acquisition, with also some businesses that we'd move into Willis, the treaty reinsurance business, by example. We have strong credentials in wholesale business in Willis and a long history in wholesale. In fact, if you track back only to a couple of decades ago, Willis was fundamentally a wholesale broker itself until that time when it set up its retail capability internationally. And in North America, until this day, we have significant wholesale capability within our existing London operation. We felt, strategically, that it makes sense, particularly given the connecting Willis strategy of deepening our connections across the organization around the world. We recognize the difference around wholesale, and this provides a fantastic vehicle. If we're able to conclude this deal, it will allow us to operate, in fact, both models, a connected Willis organization playing with the strengths of our specialty businesses and the London market wholesale operations through the Miller brand. 
John Greene: Yes. So the way we do this is we take the actual results in the current year, and the prior year is effectively rebased for the currency that we're seeing. That difference between the current year and, I would say the rebased, will be a FX adjustment reflecting -- reflected on the earnings walk on Page 3. 
John Greene: Yes. So what we'll do is that, that foreign currency movement effectively rebases to the prior year, and then you're on a constant currency throughout the walk from 1 period to the next. If you like, we're happy to take this off-line and walk you through the exact mechanics, but it's your standard constant currency analysis. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. So if you think about our cost base, it's subject to inflation somewhere between 2% and 3% based on the geographic mix. So that naturally wants to increase the expense base. We have the operational improvement program, the savings that we're talking about here, coming through as an offset to some of that inflation. And then there will be select investments to continue to be able to drive positive operating margin growth, and we're going to do that, but we're going to be very, very specific in making sure that we get definitive paybacks on that. So it's -- you can do the math based on what I just described there, so really good progress on the operational improvement program. Inflation, 2% to 3%, is what we're seeing based on the geographic mix and selective investments, we've said that the majority of the operational improvement program would fall through. 
John Greene: Yes, so good question. So we've actually spent some time looking at it. So there's the translation that -- which is running through the P&L, so revenue and expense, not the other income or expense line. That piece has to do with the structural mismatch in the U.K. in terms of about 60% of the revenue comes in, in dollars. The cost base is sterling. So we've looked at that and it's impossible to get a cost-effective hedge that would also hedge the movements in the currency. It's just a really, really hard thing to do. We've talked to a number of bankers who've had some ideas about it, but nothing that we view it as something that we could implement. In terms of the revaluation FX, our program there is basically -- what we try to do is ensure that functional currency cost and functional currency revenue are matched, and thereby having a natural hedge. And if there is a change in the underlying FX rate period-over-period, we deem that largely to be noncash. So we haven't gone through to try to hedge that. And that's one of the reasons why we've broken out the underlying the way we've done that. 
John Greene: Yes, the only thing I would add is when we look at second quarter, the year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter headcount change was about an increase of 4% in the second quarter 2014 versus second quarter '13. So that put on some inflation on there and it gets you up to that 6%-plus number we talked about. In the September results, what we're seeing is head count increase versus September of last year, of only 2%. So that really explains the delta and the cost. 
John Greene: Okay. I'll be happy to take that. So there were 3 hedging activities that ended up coming through and creating a year-over-year difference. So there was a treasury lock last year, 2013, that threw about $20 million into the P&L. There was an interest rate swap in '13 that was about $15 million of cash, and then in the current year, related to the Max Matthiesen acquisition, there was another swap that ended up creating about a $15 million delta negative to cash. So you sum those up and you've got about a $50 million quarter-over-quarter issue. We also had in the quarter some working capital changes. It seems a significant portion of that, the working capital piece, had to do with the reclassification of some businesses to assets held for sale, which is other assets, which the amortization -- the goodwill and intangibles were long-term assets that will move up to short term. So that creates a working capital, effectively, increase, that drives the cash flow number, at least in terms of what you're looking at. It's really not a cash item. Matter of fact, the exit of the business will create some positive cash flow for the fourth quarter. 
John Greene: Pension, thank you, Dominic. In terms of pension, year-to-date, we are under prior year. So we've contributed about $25 million this year and versus $48 million in the third quarter last year. What we expect for the year is year-over-year pension contributions will probably be down about $20 million. 
