Andrew Krasner: Yep, thanks for your question. Yes, it is on a reported basis, the full-year margin expansion expectation. And that is something that we still expect to see for the full year. That we believe will be driven by a number of factors. First of all, Q4 has the most operating leverage built into it. It's historically R&B's highest revenue quarter with the most new business opportunities. And we expect to continue with strong organic revenue growth for the rest of the year. So the potential to drive operating leverage on our fixed expense base is greater. We also expect to see continued impact of our actions to mitigate some of the expense headwinds. The results of those we've already begun to see this quarter. There are also continuing benefits from our transformation program. And additionally, the strategic hires that we've made have begun to contribute to our performance in a very meaningful way, which you can see this quarter in organic growth. We continue to expect a ramp up in production, which we anticipate will cover the increase in expenses, especially in Q4, when we seasonally have the most revenue.
Andrew Krasner: And just to add to that, in Q4, if you think about some of the segment expectations, in HWC, we're expecting organic revenue growth in line with Q4 rates for the last several years. In Risk & Broking, again, we're confident that we'll continue with the robust organic revenue growth that we've seen so far this year. And of course, all of that feeds into margin. Year to date, we've generated adjusted operating margin expansion of 70 basis points at the enterprise level. And we continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion for the full year.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. We, going into the quarter, have a baseline of $100 million or so of share repurchase expectations. But we do constantly look for opportunities to deploy capital to the highest return opportunities. And depending on market conditions, et cetera, return profiles, we'll look to be opportunistic to do more if it's appropriate.
Andrew Krasner: I think the way I would phrase it is it's within the context of the guidance we had. This is the strategic direction. And we look at what the potential path of spend and revenue might be in the context of our overall strategy. And yes, it's an attractive business, but there are other attractive possibilities as well. We want to be judicious on how we approach any such decision.
Andrew Krasner: It's actually all of that. Clearly, with the strong organic growth combined with the expense discipline and the transformation results, we generate strong margin accretion. We've been maintaining discipline with respect to our cost structure, especially as the inflationary environment has put pressure on some of our costs. We did take some specific actions regarding travel expenses, looking at vendor spend and some targeted management of marketing costs. In addition, as it specifically relates to the transformation program, now that we've optimized processes and improved our technology as part of that program, we've been able to take some workforce-related actions, which enhanced some of the leverage that you're seeing come through.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Why don't I take you through the pieces of HWC's organic growth? There was 9% for the quarter. Across the segment there was strong demand driven by the complex macro environment, our strategic focus on cross-selling and data and analytics. We feel very confident about the pipeline that we'll be able to finish off the year with good results in line with recent historical trends for Q4 growth. Within BD&O, which had 14%, there was organic growth driven by new clients and increased compliance and other project activity and outsourcing and growth from higher volumes and placements of life and Medicare Advantage in individual marketplace. In wealth, 7% was generated from higher levels of retirement work in North America and Europe, along with new client acquisitions and higher fees and investments. Health, which was 7% or 8% excluding the book of business headwinds. There was organic growth driven by continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio, new local clients, expanded consulting work for existing clients and increased brokerage income. Career, which was 8%, had organic growth driven by increased compensation survey sales, executive compensation, and other reward-based advisory services, including trade pay transparency and some change communication services. Within BD&O, which had the 14% growth, I think it's important to point out what was driving that and what we might expect going forward. So that was driven, like I said, by both project work and outsourcing, as well as TRANZACT. TRANZACT’s growth for the quarter is also timing related, and given that this is one of their lowest revenue quarters of the year-over-year impact becomes magnified. So, and again, the best way to think about TRANZACT's growth is on a full-year basis, and we expect that to be substantially similar to the full year 2022.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, nothing of note. It was primarily the expanded growth in the top line that was really flowing through to the margin is what you're seeing.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So, we're not going to get into these specific contributions of recent hires. But to your latter point, we're 12 to 18 months in if you think about for the first cohort of folks that we had hired. And those are at or near expected production levels. However we did hire after that first round of hiring as well, it's been a continuous process. So we do expect increasing contributions from enhanced productivity from those hires as time progresses. So we do think there's more room to run there.
Andrew Krasner: The hiring process was a bit more continuous than that. So there's not just one big lump of people. All hired in the same quarter. It was a more gradual build-up. I think you may be sort of the way you're phrasing it. So I think we still and as we said, in terms of or re-productivity from the group as a whole.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think two things there. One, it is relatively small contributor in that quarter overall. The second thing I'd say is, one of our key focus areas has been to work to improve the free cash flow dynamics around TRANZACT, and that includes balancing our Medicare Advantage portfolio with the mix of products that have different or better free cash flow conversion profiles, things like life insurance policies. So we are reorienting the portfolio a bit has helped enhance that profile of that business, and that's one of the steps that we're taking to get that business to be free cash flow positive over the next few years.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, good question. And the answer is, yes, we are balancing between things. But there are places with better just simply to be easier to cover others, right. Internal travel isn't directly tied to client revenue going to see clients. So we've just asked people to be smart about how they spend their travel dollar. And just being a bit better organized can help tailoring several client visits together perhaps combined if you're a senior management with an office visit can be a far more productive spent. And I'm really pleased how our team has responded to the call for better discipline in this room.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. If there's something that we decide to act upon, we would expect to do so in a very thoughtful manner, recognizing the obligations and commitments that we've made. And we'll do so in a very disciplined fashion. And we recognize the what the inorganic options look like and have to balance that from a strategic perspective with what an organic build might look like and the timescale for that. We just got to be disciplined and thoughtful about how we approach that if that is something that we decide to act on in the future.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And we did see solid performance across the broad portfolio, across all geographies. We did have a large increase in new business which we were very happy to see and versus prior year, and we also had really strong retention rates which did contribute to the top line. And we do see very clearly the benefits of the specialization and focus, and we did see double-digit growth across almost all of our global lines of business this quarter.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the improvement of 370 was primarily due to the non-recurrence of some of the prior year headwinds. We talked a little bit about the FX hedges, discretionary comp payments made in the past and some taxes. And those tailwinds were partially offset by the increased transformation program related costs. We're continuing to expect an incremental increase of approximately $150 million in cash spent related to the transformation program and that's for the full year.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. That's right. It's becoming incrementally better every year until we get to being cash flow positive. So we do expect a positive trajectory from that business as we evolve the portfolio and take other actions.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think some of it did prove out faster than expected, but we do expect that benefit to carry through to the fourth quarter. There may be a bit more to go there in some of the areas, but I'm very happy with the progress that we've made so far.
Andrew Krasner: We don't speculate about potential transactions, and I would consider wholesale a transaction, not an extension of what we're doing.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So first on the pension side, as we've mentioned before, the increase in interest rates and decline in capital market return did create a significant headwind to some of the pension income dynamics. We continue to expect pension income of about $112 million in 2023, and for 2024, we'll update our expectations there in our fourth quarter call after the annual remeasurement process. However, based on current market conditions, we don't expect the pension headwinds to subside. And on your question related to the other income line item, the big component that you're seeing there is a gain on the sale of our Saville Assessment business.
Carl Hess: Sure. Thanks for the question. Reinsurance is a natural fit with retail broking businesses. Many of our peers operate these businesses. We did so successfully as well. And with our non-compete with AJG soon expiring, we are able to add reinsurance to the universe of capital allocations that we consider. We've remained well connected to the reinsurance markets. We have both a deep understanding of the strategic value of reinsurance brokerage for our business and a healthy appreciation for current market conditions as well. So, I think I’ll look at it this way. I'm not going to comment on any hypotheticals regarding capital allocation decisions or potential M&A transactions. When evaluating our opportunity here, we look at it compared to any other opportunity we might have as a business. The full range of capital allocation opportunities we have, including share repurchases, as we've said in prior quarters, and we'll only pursue something if the expected returns and value creation potential are compelling versus other options we have. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Carl Hess: Well, I mean, we're quite pleased with our progress and the growth we've shown this year. We see potential upside and we feel optimistic about the paths to achieve that upside to our originally stated objectives. We're looking to capitalize on momentum and there are a number of ways we're trying to do that. Our strategic focus on specialization R&B continues to drive growth in our specialty lines that substantially outpace R&B as a whole. We are seeing stronger growth in HWC, which is supported by increasing demand in a complex macro environment. For example, healthcare cost inflation and the changing ways of working are fueling demand for what we offer in terms of smart advice, creative solutions, better data and analytics. And in our wealth business, right, the investments portion of these capital markets remained relatively stable. We should see some improvement there as well.
Carl Hess: Thanks. Yes, I mean, market conditions have been reasonable, especially with respect to bulk lump sum activity, and with pension funds in general still better funded than they were in prior years. We are seeing -- people looking at annuity purchase and buyout options as well. Part of our strong results in BD&O during the quarter were the result of preparation with bulk lump sum programs. And while those conditions may be more temporal, we do think that plan sponsors have more options and will consider their options. And we are fortunate that they use us to consider those options.
Carl Hess: It's early days yet. We think we have a very good proposition. For Verita, we are launching it at a controllable size across a number of industry verticals. If the reception is as we hope, we will expand that to additional industries and additional geographies over time.
Carl Hess: We've got a couple points of color commentary in there to address sort of Q2, Q3, Q4 differential. I mean, you talked about our survey business. Demand for there has actually stayed quite strong, and that's the fastest growing area within career. Within health, the uptick in healthcare costs did cause quite a bit of activity during the quarter. I think that as you look to farther out, for managing healthcare costs will continue to be a priority for our client base, but now we're into sort of enrollment season, and largely sort of those design actions which were taken during Q2 and Q3 in anticipation of enrollment. That's not a Q4 activity typically for our client base. So -- and then retirement, the business had an awful lot of delivery during the summer months and sort of effective strategic projects and some of the de-risking activity we talked about earlier in the call. So, we were very comfortable with longer-term prospects for the business.
Carl Hess: Yes. So, if you look at our global lines there. In general we're having great success in the marketplace, probably the biggest differentiator is what's happening in rate. And I think it's pretty well known that D&O market particularly has seen significant rate reductions which does have an effect on our overall revenue in the area. So, good results despite a headwind from rate in that particular line. We are seeing very good success across all our global lines. And I think it's -- what we say is, where we specialize we win and that's a good testament to that. Probably the other area I call out is facing a headwind has been in our M&A business where simply there's been much less M&A activity. And so as a result our revenues in the area along with everybody else have been under pressure. Of course this is a very interest rate sensitive business, so we've seen some benefit on the interest income side of the balance sheet that mitigates that.
Carl Hess: We are trying to become a more disciplined organization. I think I've been saying that since we first announced the grow, simplify, and transform program in late 2021. We are – I'm very proud of the efforts that our colleagues have made to produce these results. And not me and Andrew, that is 46,000 plus of us all pointing in the right direction. And it's nice when the stars align. But no, there's nothing in terms of underlying change in compensation programs, et cetera, that's driving this. It's 46,000 people's part.
Carl Hess: Yes. I think it's still way too early in enrollment season to make any predictions about trend, et cetera. We've been at this a while and I think it's a bit of a mug scheme. With respect to how we think demand is within the businesses. I think we alluded to that at a reasonably detailed level earlier in the call. There is some activity that we enjoyed during the summer, especially with respect to benefit redesign and de-risking that just -- we don't expect to be as big a force in Q4. And the, BDO will do what BDO does in enrollment season.
Carl Hess: Yes. As a company, we are well-positioned to weather macroeconomic uncertainty. And I think if you're asking a prediction for me on GDP, I think it's uncertain, but there's a range of actions that I think we're actually in pretty good shape to handle. Both WTW and our predecessor companies have been able to grow revenue during recessions. Our clients are facing many uncertainties in this macro environment. Some of our clients have to navigate rising, sustained rising commercial insurance rates that the industry has been enduring amidst the current conditions. Insurers are still pushing for premium increases, and that causes even greater challenges for our clients as they try and navigate complex risks. But our customized tools, our specialist approach in R&B ensures that the clients get the best return for their premium dollars across the entire portfolio of risk. And I think that helps us position very well. On the HWC side, these same economic issues can cause our clients to have a more intense need for sound advice and risk management solutions, whether it's pension de-risking or coping with healthcare inflation. So our clients look for help in navigating these issues, and that creates opportunities that drives demand for our services around benefits, pensions, and workforce management.
Carl Hess: Yes. There are some differences in our results around the world, right? I would first point out, we don't have a dominant business anywhere, but we have strong businesses in many places. Growth has been, I think, quite good in both international and Europe, and we are seeing our U.S. business perform very well in the revamp we've done over the last months to reorganize the business across industry lines. Andrew did talk a little bit in the beginning of the call about relative performance in the geographies, but we do see that our specially-led approach has really led to very good results in a number of countries within Europe, strong results in Latin America, and as I said, the North America revamp we've made is working well.
Carl Hess: Yep, I think that's a fairly safe assumption at this point in time. We do expect it to look like the historical average. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we did expect a bit in Q4. Some of that timing, as always, can be uncertain and it can slip, but it should not make a material difference to 2024.
Carl Hess: Thank you all, again, for joining us today. We do appreciate the continued support of all of our stakeholders. I especially want to reiterate my thanks to all of WTW's colleagues around the globe for their continued hard work and dedication. The results of which are evident in this third quarter performance. I am proud of their results, and I look forward to working together to keep the momentum going as we finish the year strong. Have a great day.
