Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. Thanks, and good morning. So, I mean, we're actually very pleased, right, with the progress we've made in terms of the revenue acceleration in risk and broking. And that's -- while there is some rate pressure, specifically in financial lines and in our M&A business where just simply economic activity in terms of merchant acquisition has declined and that has an effect. We're actually really pleased with the momentum across the portfolio. We're growing particular our global lines and we continue to grow across all geographies. We do see the momentum building up the hires we've made since the last part of '21 going into '22. These people continue to contribute and we've seen momentum build up in what they're bringing to revenue and the bottom line, and we anticipate that to be a helpful accelerate during the rest of the year. In addition, the results in insurance consulting and technology, driven by software sales are encouraging. This is sort of recurring revenue helps build a base that continues to be a strong performer for us. The environment for our services remains one where we have a lot of optimism regarding that. These are -- we are able to help clients with their risk management and risk mitigation strategies across a variety of back economic conditions. So I think we're pretty well poised for the year ahead. We continue to look for good talent in the business. As I've said before, right, we'll never stop that. But I think we've actually largely reloaded across the portfolio in terms of not having significant major gaps in what we're able to deliver to the marketplace. And that's been 1 of the reasons that the results are what they are.
Carl Hess: Elyse, I think we're making great progress on our revenue goals and our margin goals. And things that we can control, we are driving through the organization and driving hard, and we're very happy with the progress we've made to date. The reason we call out the pensions is that's driven by external interest rates and capital market returns. And despite having a market-leading investment business, those aren't things we can control.
Carl Hess: Yes. Andrew, I mean, we're obviously pretty pleased with our progress this quarter, and we do expect healthy growth for the rest of the year. There is a lot of economic uncertainty out there. But despite the uncertainty, there's continued strong demand for our services across the portfolio. Yes, it is early in the year, right? So we are not adjusting our mid-single-digit organic expectations at this time. But you're right, the momentum in the business does look favorable. So -- and we -- that's one of the reasons we remain confident in our longer-term goals, closing the revenue gap with peers and continue to get to our long target, right? The strategic hiring we've made, the initiatives we talked about at the beginning of the call, all that's playing into the revenue momentum in the portfolio.
Carl Hess: Our pension design is actually pretty immune. The open plan of the U.S., right, is the one where you design changes might do anything. And that's one where we've actually made design changes over prior years to reduce a lot of the volatility associated with a traditional defined benefit design. Our big plan in the U.K. is basically doesn't have accruals for people anymore. So design changes wouldn't do anything there. And the investment strategy we run against these plans is designed to largely preserve the funded status of the plan. despite capital market interest rate fluctuations. And actually, if you look at the pension footnote, you'll see that those strategies did exactly what they were supposed to do during last year. So we're pretty happy with how we manage the plans for stability.
Carl Hess: Yes. We'll speak to the peers, but I think the team has done a great job over the years of positioning us for growth under all sorts of different conditions. And I do think that the relevance of the services we offer is as high as it's ever been, right? I mean there is demand in our wealth business for pension risk management solutions that are indeed a bit more feasible under current economic conditions for pension plan sponsors. There has been strong demand for our health business, project activity due to legislative changes in North America and our continued expansion of our client base and helping our clients deal with health care inflation and the effect on their costs. And in our career business, where over the years, we've taken strong steps to make sure that -- there's less of an emphasis on discretionary project work and more on software recurring revenue continues to grow and our -- the software licensing that we're doing in that business has been a substantial part of that. So yes, we're quite happy. And I guess I'd point out, generally, employers are still struggling with the new ways of working and the advice we can help to help them cope with sort of the new normal in terms and sort of the fact that despite any potential recessionary as employment levels still remain very high. I do remain optimistic about the demand for our services in that area.
Carl Hess: With respect to career, right? I mean you start peeling back the wood and look at the mix of services we have there, right? I mean, the demand for executive compensation services remains strong, and we believe that it will remain strong, pretty much regardless of economic conditions. For work in rewards in general, as I sort of talked about in the prior question, right, we do see continued demand for people to sort of deal with how the new ways of working affect compensation programs and benchmarking. And we've taken steps over the years, right, to be able to offer more of this as a software basis than discretionary consulting projects, which helps with the stability. And then we've taken quite an initiative over the last few years to embed employee experience into all aspects of how we deliver services across wealth and career and that's actually led to some substantial revenue momentum and demand for our employee portal software offering. So we think that the business is far more resilient than it had been in times past.
Carl Hess: Yes. And I can go through some of the buckets of initiatives that we are focused on but don't want to sort of get into specific timing because we are much focused on continual improvement in that area. So first is strengthening the organizational focus on free cash flow. You had mentioned the KPI for annual incentives, things of that nature. The second category is around working capital improvement opportunities across all of our businesses. So we do currently see substantial opportunities across receivables, payables and some of the other key working capital accounts. And the third area is around optimizing the cash generation profile of our business portfolio. And that is, as you might expect, one of the largest classes of opportunities, but also the most time consuming to realize.
Carl Hess: The initial guidance looked at a variety of different economic scenarios. So I don't think it was any one particular scenario for what was going on with the...
Carl Hess: We're very happy with the progress across all global lines. I did call out Phenex where we've got particular challenges, not particular to us. But I think looking at anyone who's got a similar footprint, you're going to find the same thing as the combination of rate and sector activity in M&A. But the results are actually quite strong across the portfolio. I'm not going to dive into particular concentrated areas, right, such as aerospace, but we're very happy with the performance of our teams, and I think we have great momentum going forward.
Carl Hess: So we're quite happy with TRANZACT performance for the quarter, and we see -- we expect continued growth for TRANZACT this year. We do view the issuance of the recent CMS regulations as a manageable event.
Carl Hess: I think we're back now, operator. So the -- we have -- I think I'd put it this way, right? We don't have major gaps anymore, Meyer, the way we did in late 2021, 222. The teams have done a great job of bringing in talent across the organization. And that shows up and improved retention rates in the portfolio and some of the revenue acceleration we've seen in new business. So we're quite happy with where we are. As I said earlier, right, we'll always be on the lookout for good talent. So this is a people business and good talent is how you continue to grow this business. But we're happy with our human capital situation right now.
Carl Hess: So the wealth business has 2 components, right? We've got our retirement consulting business which is largely recurring work, right? Valuations are pension plans, et cetera. And then we have project work, various sorts, including pension risk transfer. The market right now for pension risk transfer with funded status approved in pro pension plans across most major economies is a good one. And should rates decline, depending what sort of if equity markets rise in response to a rate decline, you probably wouldn't see deterioration in funded positions, which leaves pension risk transfer opportunities just as attractive for plan sponsors. But a lot of what we do is not just the actual transaction itself, but helping people monitor these conditions and determine whether other activities such as bulk home sums might be attractive. So we do anticipate continued demand in this particular area. I would point out that if you saw less demand for pension risk transfer, that's less assets leaving our investments business. So we've got a bit of a hedge in the portfolio there.
Andrew Krasner: Greg, it's Andrew. I think just one other thing to think about as it relates to organic growth in Risk & Broking and across the enterprise as well as that of last year, there were $45 million of book sales. So we just want to be thoughtful about that going forward as it relates to organic growth. And I think you also had a question around margin. as well within the segment for the quarter. So Risk and Broking had a margin decrease of 170 basis points. And excluding interest income of $12 million and bookings of $7 million, the margin decrease was about 310 basis points. However, interest income and book gains were more than offset by a $37 million operating income headwind from the deconsolidation of the Russia business, which happened in the first quarter of last year, and that component equated to a 340 basis point margin headwind. So absent that, some growth there and margin.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. As you know, we don't give margin guidance by segment. But with regard to the full year, we're excited about the trajectory for margin growth within Risk and Broking. As you know, we ensure to ensure we maximize our future growth potential, and as Carl mentioned, right, started making some meaningful investments in the revenue-producing talent and we're now beginning to see those results from those investments to come through, and we expect that momentum to continue. So that, combined with the efficiencies created for transformation, we have confidence in the continued acceleration of margin improvement in that business over time.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. We think about share repurchase as 1 of the investment opportunities that we have, utilizing free cash flow. So of course, we balance the share repurchase activity across other organic and inorganic investments. And we monitor that continuously along with the rest of the capital structure. So we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to reinvest in share repurchases, if that's the right reinvestment decision from the free cash flow.
Andrew Krasner: Paul, it's Andrew. So we previously believed that there were headwinds in risk to overcome. There were also multiple potential paths open to us to meet our free cash flow target by the end -- as you know, different circumstances in past can produce very different cash flow results and. Since February, we've updated our assessment of the various circumstances around free cash flow, including the progress of free cash flow improvement efforts, updated economic and financial market conditions, currency movements, business-specific dynamics and the expected level of transformation spend. And based on those recent assessments, we believe the potential path to achieving the prior target by the end of 2024 have narrowed. And therefore, we updated our target for future free cash flow to reflect our view that while we believe we'll make continual progress in improving free cash flow conversion. It's just likely to take us beyond the end of 2024 to realize the full opportunities that we see. We've come a long way, stabilizing the business, rebuilding our talent base. strengthening organic revenue growth and accelerating the transformation program to drive greater profitability. And we're still committed to delivering the same success with free cash flow generation. And while we would have liked to have made more progress on it to date, it's just taking longer to achieve than some of the other financial goals.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we'll not know our expectations for pension income for 2024 until the end of 2023 when we perform our valuation and expect to provide relevant updates at that time. We're calling out the challenge presented by the pension income dynamics, and it's something we've talked about before, and which has continued its pension income remains pressured through 2023. And if that dynamic continues in 2024, it will be meaningfully harder to reach our existing target and if pension income rebounded to where it had been in the past. And having said that, we remain focused on driving the organic growth operating leverage and cost savings to achieve our long-term EPS target to help offset that headwind.
Andrew Krasner: Elyse, and your math there is spot on. as I said earlier, we don't guide on segment margins. but we do expect that the margin trajectory to continue on a path, but it will be could be choppy quarter-to-quarter, and we do have the potential headwind from the book sales from last year, weighing on margin in Q2, for example. But over the long term, we're still very confident about the margin acceleration in that business.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. So let me take that in 2 parts. So I think, first, just on the quarter free cash flow, I think this is the first time in a number of years where the free cash flow in the first quarter has been a positive number. It is typically a negative number just given it is when discretionary compensation payments are made. So we feel very good about the free cash flow number for the first quarter of $92 million. For the sort of long-term sort of view, which I think is what you were getting at around free cash flow generation, we think we've provided sort of a balanced view, right, a very short and longer-term guidance, we recognize that we have work to do in pursuit of our long-term free cash flow margin goal. And we're confident that the areas we identified will help us make sustainable improvements. And over the -- over that long term, we do expect to see continual improvement in free cash flow margin towards peer levels.
Andrew Krasner: I think it's a bit early, but where we're focused on is continual improvement from where we are today and making sure that we work our way towards pure averages over the long term.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And I think this is some of the detail -- it's Andrew, that we had shared previously, so we can definitely go through that again and provide some additional insight there. So there were about $200 million of headwinds from related derivative payments, there was about $200 million of headwinds from tax-related timing payments and also about $100 million of incremental onetime discretionary compensation payments that we had discussed.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think that's fair. It does move around a bit quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year. I was -- when it hits the cash flow statement. But yes, I think that's a safe assumption for now.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, it's Andrew. Thanks for the questions. On the first part, regarding HWC's margin progress, I think there's really 2 components that you see there. One is the operating leverage just inherent in the business and two, the impact of transformation savings more visible in the bottom line.
Andrew Krasner: You do have to think about the transformation spend as part of that. But we do expect to continue to make progress on that metric over time. There may be some volatility inherent in that. But over the longer term, we do expect continual progress on that metric.
Andrew Krasner: And I think what's changed was just the rapid, right, the pace of the movement in rates and capital returns that factored into that, but it was originally set back in 2021. And if you go back over the average of 7 years or so of investment of pension income it was well north of $250 million. So I think just the macro environment changed which drove sort of the big change in the pension income.
Andrew Krasner: It's Andrew. I think we're very comfortable with our capital position and the capital structure and the embedded financial flexibility that we have there to be able to take advantage of opportunities that come our way. So no concern from our perspective there whatsoever.
