John Haley: Yes. So first of all, look, we've had -- there's always little movements between quarters that occur. And we've had our usual share of those. I mean, there's the HCB. There's the carry forward for 2017, et cetera. But I would say that in general, this first quarter is a -- the first quarter of 2018 is sort of a normal first quarter, and it's 2017 that was the one that was exceptional. And so just -- I mean, just to state the obvious, we are delighted we -- that was such a tough comparable and great revenue growth that we've had. And I think it's -- Mike and I both referred to our colleagues throughout our company working very hard and satisfying client needs. And that seems to be paying off. 
John Haley: So maybe I'll let Mike talk a little bit about that. But I mean, just a quick comment from me. I think we had a 250 basis point improvement in our adjusted EBITDA margin. I've got to tell you, that is not something that is below our expectation. So we'd be delighted with a 250 basis point increase for the year. 
John Haley: No, it's the former. We expect the $0.20 to come back. The currency impact of $0.04 for the year is still what we think is the right outlook for the year. And we always had recognized that there was a seasonality to it. 
John Haley: Yes. So maybe, again, I'll let Mike go into some of the details of this, but let me just give you a couple of thoughts overall on that, Elyse. I guess, I'm -- I was actually surprised with the prior question and this one on the margins because, again, I thought a 250 basis point was an incredible improvement. And now, I guess, some -- maybe what's happening is you're looking at some of the 606 numbers. I've got to tell you, from the viewpoint of somebody trying to run a business, the 606 numbers are worse than useless, as far as I'm concerned. I mean, it's a standard that recognizes some revenue not at all and some expenses twice. So this first year of transition, I don't find that to provide any useful thing. And when I'm focusing on the margin improvement, I'm trying to look at it on a 605 basis, and I thought those results were spectacular. So Mike, I don't know... 
John Haley: Greg, I think we're just not -- right now, our focus is so much on 2018 in delivering those results. And as we think about 2019 there, we're focused on making sure that we have the right kind of capabilities and investments to do well then, but we're not necessarily focused on being able to provide guidance at this point. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think -- thanks, and we didn't go through and talk about that this time, partly because we already had a long script with these double accounting results and everything there to begin with. But broadly, things are going well. I mean, I would say that they're in line with what we had last quarter. If they hadn't been, we would have called it out. 
John Haley: I think that's right, though, Shlomo. The real answer is we were probably just being a little conservative, maybe a little overly conservative in terms of doing that. But the first quarter is, as we said, it is a quarter where we have the big outflow of bonuses. And we had a very good year in 2017, so we had larger bonuses than we did the year before. We could have done that. Maybe we should have. 
John Haley: Yes. Look, we feel very good about hitting the guidance that we have. And I think you've worked with us for a while, and you know we don't -- we're not into just adjusting the guidance on every little up or down that occurs in the course of a year. So -- but we feel pretty good about being able to come out in the range we had there or maybe even better. 
John Haley: I think after the good first quarter, it's more likely that we'll get to the upper end than it was going into it. So yes, that's... 
John Haley: For the year. So we were looking -- if we got to the 25%, which some people were skeptical of that, but to get to 25% is 180 basis points. And so that's why I was measuring against the 250 and thinking boy, that's pretty good. 
John Haley: No. The difference between -- that's divestitures. So we divested about 1% of our businesses in 2017 and, I guess, January of 2018 counting that in there. And these were generally lower-performing businesses that we divested. I think it cost us $0.03 or $0.04 of earnings. But yes, that's that difference there. 
John Haley: Yes, yes. I mean, I think that when you first do a large complicated merger like we did, and ours was complicated, not just on a couple of fronts, but also it was really 3 companies coming together, then the first few years after that mergers are relatively unlikely. And so each year, you go further out, they become more likely, other M&A activity. 
John Haley: Right. And I think we actually think the market growth will be somewhere in the 3% to 4% range for the year, and we expect to be at least as fast as the market's growing. So that's more or less how we got there. 
John Haley: Yes. So bulk lump-sum work has bobbed up and down over the last, say, half a dozen years or so. It's at a relatively low level right now. We don't have any projections for a pickup this year. It's a little too early to say about next year. In some ways, higher interest rates can -- they can lower the cost of doing some bulk lump-sum. So of course, they also lower the target liability that you were measuring it against also. So there's a lot of factors that play in the bulk lump-sums. Right now, we're not projecting a big pickup on that, but I think we're just sort of looking at this space and ready to act if we do see some. 
John Haley: We're -- I guess, in today's world, you can't take a breath without having added risk. So there's always something there. But look, we feel very good about the products we have. And we vet everything very carefully with our legal department. So there's nothing that we're aware of that presents any unusual risk. 
John Haley: Yes. So as we said, the reason the growth rate is slower is because the Individual Marketplace, which is where you get all of the big clients with all of the retirees that you get it once, that -- all the big cases are pretty much out. And there's relatively few of them there, and all but one of them are with us. So we have a very large installed base. So the growth rate is slowing down. And I guess, you could call that a maturing of the market there. We think that the margin impact, if we're not investing, or maybe I would just say if we're not incurring the expenses to enroll very large new clients or some 200,000 life case or something like that, then that tends to improve our margins a little bit. I don't think of it so much as investment because we are still doing a lot of investment to make both the individual and the Group Marketplace keep at the forefront of technology and keep ahead of any of our competitors. So we continue to have to do that, but we don't have to necessarily hire large people to just implement new -- big new cases. We'd prefer, of course, to be getting several big new cases and hiring people and having the margins be a little bit lower, but we'll see what happens. 
John Haley: I don't think we see midyear being different than what we saw at the beginning of the year. But I think pricing is a dynamic market, and these things can change. But at the moment, we don't see any difference. 
John Haley: But I think, Shlomo, maybe just to add something, too. I think one of the things we've been focused on as we -- just as we've brought this merger together, this is -- this quarter sort of indicates where we think we'd like to be. I mean, you look at it, we have growth across all of our regions. We have growth across all of our segments. And I think that what we see is the kind of company we'd like to be as one where we have no weaknesses, one where everything is growing and everything is performing well. As Mike says, as you get down to the smaller units, you can always have pluses and minuses there, but we think you make a strong company by having no weaknesses. Okay. Is that it then? Thanks very much, everybody, for joining us, and then we'll look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, and I'd just add to your comments. I mean, at the end of last year, we ended at 23.2% on an adjusted EBITDA margin basis. Obviously, the first quarter is a strong quarter for us overall, and is one of our larger quarters. But we look at that, as to John's point, we're 250 basis points up as it relates to our margin on a 605 basis. And we feel very good about that, which is all what we had focused on in terms of cost reduction. And you see it across all 4 of our segments in terms of margin improvement 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No. I would just add to John's comments. I mean, I did mention, we did have a couple of expense items in there, but -- which were around Brexit and our payroll taxes' unvested options. But those were not big numbers, Elyse. When we look at it, I'd just reiterate to what John said, I mean, we feel very good about where our margins are. We continue to focus on driving and continued improvement on those. And we look at them on a 605 basis, and we'll continue to push them very, very hard. 
Michael Burwell: I mean, we have a variety of different ones without going into those in that level of detail. But I mean, I guess -- and if you think about what we've done in real estate, we've continued to drive our real estate footprint across the organization as we continue to consolidate offices between the 2 legacy organizations, I think, which are driving costs. We've continued to manage our headcount appropriately, and make sure that we do drive that operating leverage. So as we're driving that revenue growth, we're not looking at just adding headcount. So particularly, in our back-office functions, we're looking to manage that and look to drive that appropriately with the footprint that we have today. So I would say those are probably 2 of the bigger drivers, Elyse. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean -- yes, it's -- we -- we're watching it pretty closely and managing and focusing on cash flow and our DSO efforts, our continued focus. We're just being prudent, I guess, and conservative. We could have, but we didn't. That's the reality. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, you have some accounting application that's been going on. Obviously, the 606 and how are people -- were they getting that comfortable with that and thinking about what 606 was going to present with the margin then associated with that, what was that going to be? And then you had the pension change that happened as well, which moved amounts from unallocated net down to income from operations. And so that pension income is included in other income net in that line item. If you compare it on a year-over-year basis, we've obviously restated them appropriately to reflect that in the accounting standards. But overall, I guess, I would reiterate back to your opening comments. I mean, we feel very good about the margins and what's gone on. Overall, we try to be as transparent as we can be to highlight the changes that have been going on. But I think it's not easy to model all those activities that are happening and changes that are there, and we've tried to give as much guidance as we can, both in our comments and our disclosures and what we've included in the supplemental schedules that we've posted on our website to try to enhance everyone's understanding of what that means. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I mean -- so when you adopted the accounting standard, it's a perspective basis. So -- and included in that was equally open contracts method with a certain amount of revenue, which we had talked about here, in the $45 million, $50 million range, that literally did not get booked to retained earnings, has gone and, as we've articulated, we think will come back in fiscal year '19 in some form in terms of thinking about it. But we do not restate back as contrasted with what others have done in terms of looking at that margin. We've really been managing the business on a 605 basis, and that's really been our focal point. So I'm not sure how relevant that would really be. 
Michael Burwell: You did get it right. It's $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion is the number. And roughly, it's about $10 million for the quarter. That's the impact. 
Michael Burwell: I mean, we're looking at what's happening in the marketplace. We obviously think we have a little better comps actually going into the second and third quarter overall. But fourth quarter, obviously, we had very good growth. And so it will be a very tough comparable overall. So it's reflecting of what we saw happen, obviously, in terms of actuals in the first quarter. We're looking second, third quarter feeling like we have reasonable comps in the fourth quarter. We got another tough comp. So that's how we really kind of manage ourselves in terms of what we think the number will be. So that's... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, yes. We absolutely are, Jay, and it's recast in the slides that are posted on our website. So you'll have them or you have them, yes. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, we continue to get -- Treasury continues to issue more clarification and guidance. And so we continue to incorporate that in all our calculations and analysis. And most recently, they had done that and provided us additional guidance as it relates to the GILTI tax. So we continue to believe, as fast as they got that bill passed, that there's continued interpretative guidance that comes out. So we're trying to be thoughtful and making sure we understand exactly what could impact us going forward. But just to be clear, we continue to appropriately plan tax planning strategies to over time get us more and more aligned with the statutory rates or below. And so that's what we continue to try to do. So I don't know if I'd use conservative or aggressive. I think we're thinking about it properly. And so that's why we said, and I'm sure that's why others are saying, because they're getting the same guidance that we're getting. 
Michael Burwell: Shlomo, I think we feel very good about what we've seen going on, particularly in our International operations in terms of strength in International. We've -- and then, equally, it has translated to strength in Great Britain in terms of working together and serving clients and going through that from a risk management standpoint. And our -- we look at our defined benefits actions and activities, where we continue to grow. And we see others not growing there because of the strength of our people. Our colleagues, john mentioned it earlier in terms of the quality of our resources and what they're delivering in the marketplace has continued to win more than our fair share, in my view. And that's because we're retaining clients and winning more and more business. So I think about you look at us from an International standpoint, you look at what's been happening in Great Britain, you look at our defined benefits activity, you look at our brokerage business overall versus what's been happening in the marketplace, and we look -- and our defined benefits business is growing. And so we feel good about what's happening at the top line. Now look, there's some areas that we continue to focus on, and we mentioned them. Germany is an area that we're continuing to focus on. And nothing ever hits perfect on all cylinders, so we're continuing to focus on that part of our business. But overall, that's -- we feel very good. 
