Michael Burwell: Yes, based on '19, that's -- we think it's a reasonable amount that we would think that, that would be a similar line item in that kind of range, Kai, in terms of thinking about the number going forward. 
Michael Burwell: Well, some of -- no, the -- if you look at -- we have obviously -- we have an -- we're an actuary, and actuarial services that we provide to many clients, we obviously provide that to ourselves in terms of going through that determination. It's no secret in terms of some of the asset performance that happened last year in 2018. And that had a direct impact in terms of what the returns would be for us going forward in calculating that actuarial valuation. So really, that's the direct piece of it and... 
Michael Burwell: And then on the DSO question, I mean, obviously, you saw the improvement in working -- free cash flow that we commented on in our prepared remarks. And we targeted a 5-day reduction last year, and we're looking at a similar number to continue to drive that kind of improvement going into this next year. So as we said, we're really kind of focused on 15% or better in terms of free cash flow growth. And that's what we're really targeting, and obviously, DSO is a big part of that in terms of really looking at working capital overall and working capital management. 
Michael Burwell: In some years, it will be much higher, in some years, lower. And where we're excluding the view that there will be the settlement happening in 2019, it is most likely, I mean, that, that will happen in 2019 on Stanford litigation that we have outstanding. Obviously, you see the integration cost go away. And on top of that base 605 number, we see free cash flow growing at a minimum of 15%, if not greater. But some years, it will be higher, some years, it will be lower. And so I think 15% is a pretty good target to have. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I think we had a similar kind of target last year, and that's -- we're putting a similar type of improvement last year, I mean, so that's a similar year-on-year kind of improvement. And we had 5 days targeted out. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I still would just come back to the 15% in terms of targeting some combination of all those things: profits, working capital management, managing how we manage overall cash flow. So I mean, we're targeting 15% in the combination of all those. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, we're really not giving guidance on EBITDA. That's why we thought it was more appropriate to really focus on operating income, which really focuses on the operations overall and then improvement. So you really take out that pension volatility that we had touched on earlier in our comments. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, we're really not giving any further guidance on that number. I mean, really focused on operating income in terms of the target number and really focus on those margin improvements that John mentioned earlier. That is really the way we're thinking about it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, we have -- we are definitely seeing strong demand for reinsurance, overall, consistent with what we've seen in the marketplace. And so that business has been very strong for us and performed well. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, what you see in that unallocated line item is corporate cost and unallocated back to business, such as Brexit, just would be an example that we saw happen and activities happening in the fourth quarter, GPDR kinds of activities that were happening in terms of that improvement. And we're not really giving any guidance, Elyse, as it relates to that line item going forward as we're really focused, as I say, going forward on operating income and operating income improvement. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So that cash that went out of the door in 2018 was roughly $160 million. And 2019, we're expecting 0. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I think just coming back though is we kind of touched on free cash flow. You got -- we're going to grow at minimum 15% over the next year. You got -- most likely, the settlement of Stanford will happen next year. You'll have that coming back into it. So -- and we're looking at a baseline off the 605 free cash flow number. So that's in terms of thinking about it going forward. So... 
John Haley: Well, I think if you look -- I think generally, the industry as a whole is projecting growth around 4%. And we're saying we think we'll grow as fast as our competitors, if not faster. That's how we have the 4%. We did very well in 2019, and we expect to -- I mean, in 2018. We expect to continue to build on that in 2019. Nothing special that we've built into that. 
John Haley: So let me answer that first -- the second part of the question first. The new stock awards will -- the way we did the one-time mega grant of the 3 years was special. And a particular set of metrics we used there with that. We'll focus more on just total shareholder return for the new awards. So over the next 2 years, I think -- the story of the last 3 years was really bringing the 2 firms together. We had some synergy goals we wanted to get in terms of revenue. We had some efficiency goals we wanted to get in terms of lowering our overall costs. We had some tax savings we wanted to get. I think we want to continue to press in all 3 of those areas, but I think even more what we want to focus on is bringing Willis Towers Watson together and getting the synergies across all of our operations. So as I said, we -- in 2018, we grew as fast as our competitors or a little bit faster when we look on an organic basis against them. And we want to build off of that in 2019 and 2020. I think one of the things that from a -- from a financial perspective, one of the main focuses we're going to have is growing our free cash flow. And as Mike referenced in his remarks, we expect that for the short to medium term, we should be able to grow free cash flow by 15% a year. And that's one of the key new metrics we're focusing on. 
John Haley: Yes, I think so. First of all, profit is something that we expect to be growing significantly over the years. And one of the things to notice is that Mike referenced some of the headwind we have from lower pension income, but what that means is we actually are getting more cash flow as larger percentage of our profit that we're getting there. So that's going to be helping us. We have no integration cost going forward. We're going to be focusing on our working capital, and we are -- we successfully lowered our DSOs this year. And we're going to continue to press on that in coming years, Greg. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, we've actually referenced this on some of the calls over the last couple of years. The single largest investments we have as a company are in InsurTech. We're continuing to push on this -- in this area and in others. We have a lot of work we do on that already. We consider ourselves one of the leaders in this area, and we're -- it's going to continue to be an important part of what we do. 
John Haley: Well, I think one of the things that -- we feel much more confident in giving some overall guidance for the company. The further you break it down, the more likely it is to be -- we just don't have as much visibility into every last little thing. We feel pretty good about the guidance at the company level. And that's why we're trying to stick to that. I would note, though, that all of our segments grew this year, and we expect all of our segments to grow again next year. 
John Haley: Right. Yes, maybe I'll just make -- maybe just make a couple comments quickly on that, Shlomo. So first of all, markets tanked in December. So we just have a lot less pension assets at the end of December when we do the measurement. Interestingly enough, during the same time, you might have thought that the interest rates would be going up, but in fact, they went down, the longer-term rates, just a little bit. So our liabilities increased at the same time that our assets were going down. We are a mark-to-market company. So we don't smooth the assets. So if you look at companies that smooth the asset performance over the years, they get hit a little bit by some of the drop that we experienced in the fourth quarter. But they are offsetting that by maybe some increases from prior year. So it's not as big a difference. The companies that mark to market see bigger differences year-to-year. 
John Haley: Well, let me just say if we had measured the assets at the end of January, we would had a different result. 
John Haley: Well, one thing to keep in mind, Shlomo, is that we do have -- we are expecting to pay the $120 million, as you said, in 2019. And so we're not trying to -- we're not saying adjust for the $120 million. We're saying we'll get 15%... 
John Haley: Yes, I feel great about the leadership we have in place. From the Operating Committee on down, I think we have terrific leaders across -- really across all of our segments and geographies. I'm very optimistic about what we can achieve. And I think there is -- every year has its own issues that you have to deal with, but frankly, in some way, some of the harder things are behind us. 
John Haley: Well, I think what we would be looking at is share repurchase -- what -- we're looking at about $800 million or so that we should have available that we could use for acquisitions if we found some really great acquisitions we wanted to do. If we didn't do that, we'll repurchase shares. 
John Haley: So I think certainly from the inside, we'll see -- we -- as we go to market, and this is particularly in the U.S. in talking to some of our -- some of the large companies, going to the market with our integrated proposition has led to us penetrating, being particular, the CRB market, in companies that we traditionally have not worked for. I mean, just in the fourth quarter, in the December -- November, December timeframe, we had a couple of large organizations that we won the CRB work for. I think that integrated approach, and it couldn't have occurred without both the CRB and some of the other parts of the organization working together. So I think we'll start to see that pay off. That'll be more visible to people inside, but I think outside, you'll probably see it in continued growth in our large market in CRB. In North America in particular, I think we're increasingly seeing chances to work together between our Insurance Consulting and Technology operation and Reinsurance, and those took off right away working together. Increasingly, we are seeing the tools and analytics that we have available from ICT, we're introducing them into CRB and bringing them together. In response to an earlier question, I talked about InsurTech. A lot of what we do in ICT is really on the InsurTech forefront there. And so we expect to see some of that coming in. 
John Haley: So yes, so the ones we're investing in, I think, we're investing in Health and Benefits. That's an area that, as I said, is incredibly fast growing. We are investing in IRR and in CRB also. And a lot of ways we're investing in IRR and CRB are through the -- some of the InsurTech or some of the ICT materials that we're doing. The two largest investments that we have in the company are InsurTech around that Innovisk that we have that we announced last year, and then we also -- the AMX for -- the asset management exchange is an area we're investing in. So those are some of the areas that we're investing in for big growth. I should also mention now there are areas that are -- that may not have large growth that it still pays for us to invest in to make sure that we can maintain our market share or to make sure that we can improve our efficiency and grow. And so retirement, for example, would be a case like that, where we continue to invest in that because it's a great business to be in. 
John Haley: No, because we don't really -- we don't actually record them or break them down. So we don't even have that data that we can ascribe, well, we got this win because of synergies, and we got this win for a different reason. So some of these -- these just happen to be big-name companies and so there's some anecdotal evidence about that. But I would say there wasn't anything special around timing. We had -- I mean, one of the things I'd mentioned is we had a really good fourth quarter in the -- in 2017. And so our growth in this fourth quarter in 2018 was I think all the more impressive, because it was off a strong quarter there. But I mean, we had areas like Construction, which is a traditional strength of ours. That was very strong in the fourth quarter this year. But really, particularly in North America, this was an across-the-board good result. 
John Haley: Well, I think as I said in response to, I think, it was Shlomo's question or Mark, Mark's question about the -- I should -- we expect to spend about $800 million. If we did no acquisitions, we would use the whole $800 million to repurchase shares. That would lower the share count. If we do some acquisitions, it could eat into that. But -- so we expect that we would do at least half, if not more, of that in share repurchase, so. 
John Haley: Yes, and I mean, look, I think we do think we can continue to get DSO improvements in each of the coming years. They may not be as much in one year as the other. But we are -- we do think -- and eventually, it'll slow down as we get closer to what our goal is. But we think there's at least several more years of improvement that we can get. 
John Haley: But I mean, if you think about that, the adjusted operating margin was -- I think it was 18.4% in 2017 and 19.1% for this year. And we're saying we're going to close to 20% for next year. So we're expecting to continue to improve our margins significantly. 
John Haley: Yes, and I think if you look at it, you'll see as our competitors are reporting too, I think, everybody said reinsurance is stronger than it was last year. There's some growth in that and we participated in that. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think -- Elyse, the reason we are focusing on the growth so much is that we think that's probably more helpful to people. The problem with the 75% to 80% is that it depends on what portion, say, things like pension income are of your total income. And so rather than adjust the target each year as the pension income fluctuates up or down, we just thought we'd focus on the growth. We thought that would be more meaningful for market participants also. 
John Haley: Sure. I mean, look, every time we look at a deal, one of the things we consider is, this is money that we could be using to buy back our own stock. And we think our stock is attractively priced for those people buying it. And so we think it's a good deal right now. It's something we know more about. So when we consider an acquisition, we probably have to have a somewhat higher expected return there, just given that we could go and purchase our own shares. We take that into account every time we look at it, a potential acquisition. 
John Haley: So I think we would be -- so well, let me answer that this way. Historically, both Willis and Towers Watson were active in looking at acquisitions and growing that way. And during the last 3 years, as we've been bringing together 3 companies, Willis and Towers Watson and Gras Savoye, we rightly had to focus our energies on that integration and not much at all on potential acquisitions. We feel that we're in a really good operating place right now, and we can go back to our historical look at acquisitions. So the reason I wanted to put it in a historical thing is I want to be careful when I say we're aggressive. I don't think we're going to be out there and be super-aggressive acquirers necessarily. But we'll certainly be a lot more aggressive than we have been in the last 3 years, and I think it'll look like the pre-2016. So that's how we feel about that. We think that there's a number of -- there are areas where -- there are capabilities that would be hard for us to build on our own, and we should looking for acquisitions there. And so they might be bolt-ons. There's always things like that we're looking at. But we'd be open to lots of different sized deals. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to seeing all of you in March. 
