Dominic Casserley: Thank you, Mike. Before we take your questions, I'll conclude our preliminary remarks by saying this. Back in October, like many of you, I listened to the Willis third quarter conference call and heard Willis management state optimistically that they expected better revenue growth in the future. Joe Plumeri, the management team and all our staff delivered on that expectation in the fourth quarter.  I have been in my position of CEO officially for a little over 5 weeks. During that time, Steve and I have been meeting with our business heads, producers, operational managers, finance leaders from and others, who've been very constructive and candid about both the potential and challenges of the business. I've been very impressed with a depth of knowledge and experience throughout this organization. It adds to the level of excitement to the future of Willis that I expressed last October when I was announced as Joe's successor.  We will continue to use the next few months analyzing our operations and understanding where and how we can operate more productively and efficiently. My background and experience within the insurance and financial services industry and my sense of where growth opportunities lie around the globe leads me to believe that Willis' room for growth and improvement over the coming years. Of course, we are ever mindful of the changing and challenging economic conditions in many of the countries in which we operate that could challenge our growth.  I know that many of you might want me to comment today on my overall strategy for Willis on new initiatives for the company. But we are not yet prepared to share those plans. But as you can see from the charge we plan to take this quarter, Steve and I will not stand still. As we implement initial changes and manage the flow and process of our business over the first 2 quarters of 2013, our new strategy will begin to take shape. We then will look forward to discussing our plans with you in detail at an Investor Day in New York that we will host in early August or early September. And I hope to see many of you there in person. Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Jay, as you know, we don't give guidance on our major revenue and cost items. But I will tell you this, we are obviously all very pleased and excited by what we saw in the fourth quarter. And we believe that many elements of the strengths of Willis came through. But at the same time, if I was thinking about the full year and just took the fourth quarter numbers and tried to extrapolate them across the whole year, I think that might be a brave thing to do. So that's as much as I think I'm going to can say on that. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Jay, clearly, that will be the result, but you and I can do the math as well together of how our revenues and costs develop over the course of the year. What I would tell you is the following. We absolutely believe that long-term value creation for Willis will be the result of the actions we take to serve our clients better and grow revenues, and the discipline we show at the same time in controlling our costs. We are quietly confident about the revenue momentum in the business and without, as I'd say, getting overexcited about it. And we have shown, I think from Day 1, that we are focused on the fact that our costs must be kept within a reasonable corridor at the same time. Clearly, we believe that value creation for Willis, one of the key elements of it must be a combination of revenue growth and margin expansion, and we are focused on achieving that. 
Dominic Casserley: Let's answer that in 2 parts. On the -- when the plan will emerge in order to detail, that is right, you should focus on the Investor Day, which will either be in early August or early September depending on logistics and dates and things. That does not mean -- please do not take that to mean we're going to be sitting around doing nothing until then. You will see actions emerge, steps being taken as you saw already on this earnings announcement. But the whole plan, we will not -- we will lay out then. As for the earnings, Greg, go kindly back to Mike to go over that again. 
Dominic Casserley: Greg, one of the great excitements about Willis, and we should all understand is what one of its great strengths, is it has a truly fantastic global platform. And the things we obviously have to be focused on is how to take advantage of that global platform. And secondly, all the great specialty and expert capabilities we have across the world to serve our clients even more effectively than we do today. And I think the way in which we serve our clients and deliver value to them, which will end up delivering value to shareholders, is an absolute critical thing we will be focused on. We will obviously be secondly focused on how do we do that in a way which delivers growth. We are absolutely convinced that the underlying need to create shareholder value is -- will be driven by our ability to grow this business, so we'll be very much focused on how do we grow this business. And thirdly, in response to Jay's earlier question, of course, how do we do so in a way that maintains a very positive margins and thereby gross cash flow. That's how we'll be thinking about it. 
Dominic Casserley: Paul, I think what you should think about is that over the next few months, we'll be developing our strategy. And as I've said, it's focused on growth because we think that's the key driver of shareholder value creation as long as we maintain and gradually grow our margins at the same time. So when you think about how that strategy might evolve, I would as much be thinking about how will Willis be thinking about where to invest, what are the growth opportunities which will drive the top line as much as I'd be thinking about restructuring, which is usually associated with a very large cost reduction. We may be doing one or the other, but bear in mind that growth has to be part of the plan. 
Dominic Casserley: I will answer the second part of that question, first, I think there is no honeymoon period in the world any longer. And we're all responsible from day 1. I take no credit for these fourth quarter results, which are a huge credit to Joe and the management team and all the staff of Willis that were in place during that fourth quarter. And as you know, I did not come on board until the beginning of January. But I think in the world we live in today, honeymoons don't last very long at all. And so we're moving this thing forward, we're responsible for quarter-by-quarter. I think we've just been saying that if you were waiting for the big strategy plan, that's not going to come until after into August or maybe early September. But just to be clear, we're responsible of delivering each quarter after that period and beyond. Remind me... 
Dominic Casserley: Strengths and weaknesses, yes. So I think I've touched on these a bit, but let me reiterate some of them. We are very, very lucky through history and through the work of our predecessors, and many saw here  today, to have a wonderful global platform. And I strongly believe that our global platform differentiates us in the eyes of many of our clients. What is special about Willis in that context is our ability to play as a global team. We really do fly under 1 flag, and Joe gets enormous credit. One of his great legacies in years to come of what he left at this company as well as many other things is his focus on the one flag, and the way in which we play with clients and with markets is a fantastic strength of the firm. Another great strength is, therefore, our ability to attract, retain and develop the skills of wonderful talent. And in a world where, which is basically a people business, that is a great strength. And I think the fact that Willis has the platform, scale and the level of specialty and expertise, is a great strength for us and differentiates us from many others. If you were to think about challenges, the challenges are all of you because you are demanding and you want us to deliver consistent returns and growing returns over time. So we have to make sure that we do that and we have to be focused on that. And clearly, as it had been no secret and no one's trying to hide, we had a legacy of challenges in North America as the result of the state of the economy and the HRH integration. But I think what you are seeing, which Vic had been singling throughout 2012, and we have now seen in the fourth quarter, that we are seeing a turnaround of that and North America is now going to be a great strength to this company. So I see the world pretty much like that. 
Dominic Casserley: I think I tried to touch on them a bit, Josh. The weaknesses are the ones that fates any broker/advisory firm is what we are, which is we live in a very competitive world and we have to win our business every day and we can rely -- we can't live on yesterday. We have a great talent offering but it's a competitive talent world and we have to make sure it's -- we're as strong as possible in it. This business, globally, is moving more and more to depend on analytics. We like to talk about the analytical broker around here. And in that world, the competition to develop the next insight, the next great capability, the great -- the next great offering and to retain the analytical talent you need is fierce. Now we have had a recent wonderful pipeline of new products and services we brought to the marketplace. But in any knowledge business like that, the life cycle can be quite short. And so our challenge is to continue to invest and build new products and capabilities. And the less way you're able to do so, over time, you fall behind. Now what I see at Willis is a great desire and interest to continue the product innovation we've shown over the last 18 months, 24 months. But if we were too slow, let tell you, we would soon see that in the marketplace. So I think the ways of thinking about this is not to say Willis must have some enormous specific challenge. Just to say this is a very competitive market and we need to be on our toes all the time. 
Dominic Casserley: Well I am slightly confident, but let me turn over to Steve Hearn, Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global, to talk more about that. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. It's Dominic here. The way to think about that, I think, is if you look at the $500 million-plus of cash flow we had in 2012, it was roughly divided 50-50 between returns of shareholders and investing in the business, broadly rough numbers. And obviously, we are very sensitive to the fact that what we're really doing there is investing for the long-term shareholder value growth or delivering immediate returns. And we have to get that balance right. And so we're going to be very focused on that. As I've said, we believe that the sustainable value creation of Willis must be based on long-term growth. And so we will be focused on that as well as on delivering value, short-term value, to shareholders as we've signaled with our dividend increase. The -- if I think about 2013, I think we are going to be a bit more focused on investing for growth in 2013. But we have the potential, when necessary and when we think this is the right thing to do, to return more to shareholders through share repurchases. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as you know, of the 3 global brokers, we are the highly -- almost highly leveraged. And so we just need to be cognizant of maintaining very strong credit rating and so we have to operate within that envelope. And when we're thinking about acquisitions, when we're thinking about our returns to shareholders, we're not going to do anything which violates our credit position in the marketplace. 
Dominic Casserley: We believe that long-term shareholder value is driven by cash flow generation and so we're focused on revenue growth and EBIT -- organic EBITDA growth, which obviously therefore drives us to keep an eye on margin at the same time. We have other -- what you're seeing there is just reference to one of our incentive plans, we have other incentive plans, which will reflect some of the other elements that you are talking about, right? So we are -- we will not be losing sight of the individual shareholder and earnings per share issues. 
Dominic Casserley: So Tom, as we've said again, we don't provide guidance on our major elements. What I can tell you is the following, I'll repeat what I said before. We are very clear that the drivers of shareholder value here have to be sustainable revenue growth and growing our costs a little bit less than that each year. So that you'll get a combination of growth and some margin expansion along the way. We absolutely recognize that. You should see in our actions in the first quarter, around the charts, that we understand that fully. And would be focused on this issue very closely in the coming quarters and years to make sure that for you, we deliver sustainable revenue growth and we manage our costs appropriately. 
Dominic Casserley: Tom, I understand your concern. There's not much I can do about it looking backwards. The -- going forward, I want you to very much focused on what we believe are the 2 drivers of shareholder value. 
Dominic Casserley: We have highlighted cash flow specifically for you to focus on because out of cash flow comes our ability to invest for the future and deliver short-term return, immediate returns to investors. And that is something we're going to be very much focused on going forward. And we will be managing this business exactly the way I described, and I assure you, for instance, in the charge we have taken in the first quarter, or when we eventually take it, we will be tracking very carefully that the costs we have taken a charge from actually exit the business in a timely fashion and do not get that backfilled left, right, and center or something. So that's what we will be working on. Now we may decide to take some of those cost savings and invest some of them in what we believe are high-return future investments, but we will be very focused on making sure the costs we are taking actually exits the business. 
Dominic Casserley: I'm not going to comment on what Joe saw or did not see, or -- I think he has delivered over a long period of time terrific performance of this company. What I'm focused on is exactly what I've been saying, which is I want us to grow this business steadily based upon our franchises around the world because we are able to deliver distinctive value to our clients and thereby win new business and retain our existing client base. And we will be focused, in parallel, in making sure that over time, our costs expand at a slightly slower pace so that you get the combination of revenue growth and some margin expansion. And that's going to be the focus going forward. Will that happen every single quarter? I can't tell you, but that -- the pattern we want to produce is exactly what I described. And we, as a management team, understand that extremely clearly and need to make the right tradeoffs and decisions to deliver that. 
Dominic Casserley: And on the general issue, the way I think about this is actually more broadly thinking about market-derived income, of which contingent commissions are a part, and there are many elements of MDI. Our position has been very clearly that we think that whatever we do in this space has to be in the interest of our clients and has to be completely transparent. And that posture, I think, is a sustainable and appropriate one for us to take, and we will continue to take it. And that applies across the whole area of MDI. And I think it is a sustainable and the right position which aligns us with the clients and is clear to one and all. You have seen that we had a position a few years ago that we took no on our contingent commissions. And then because of the changes in the marketplace and competitive issues, we took the decision to take them in employee benefits in North America. And as Vic said, we will probably see some revenue from that in 2013. More broadly, we will continue to keep this under review. Again, in the context of what is right for our clients and what is right -- where what is transparent because we believe that posture is best for shareholders. That posture is best for shareholders. It is a sustainable position in the marketplace and we will continue to keep this under review to make sure we are serving our clients right and doing best by our shareholders in the long-term. 
Dominic Casserley: Well I'll turn to it -- and then my colleagues will want to add, but I think it's too early to tell, generally. I think it's fair to say that the change had been welcomed in the company. The retention program we had was absolutely appropriate in past periods, it was -- seemed to be a good way of awarding talents. We came to a conclusion that a change would be in the best interest of the business and that's why we made the change. And I think it had been well received. I think it's too early to tell whether it has made a difference in recruiting whatever. Steve, do you want to add... 
Dominic Casserley: Well I think Vic and Tim should commented on that, but I think it is our view that all our segments should be contributing on that basis. And that's what we're working towards. But Vic -- Vic why don't you go first and then Tim can talk about International. 
Dominic Casserley: That's a little tough. Let me repeat what I said and then sort of sped up to answer you appropriately rather than having words put in his mouth. It is clear from what you have seen Vic report and say during 2012 and what we reported today that a number of indicators in North America are now turning the right way. We have growth in producers, we have positive organic revenue growth and many of the forward-looking indicators are positive. Now -- so that is all very good. And the pipelines that Victor's kept a very close eye on are looking strong, so that is all good. Now as we go through our strategic review, we are going to be looking at all our businesses around the world, all our businesses around the world, to make sure they can contribute fully to growth and margin expansion and that includes our businesses in Taiwan, that includes our businesses in North America. But the base in North America is clearly heading in the right direction, which is great news. With that, let me hand over to Vic for his commentary. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much for your interest in Willis and taking part in this call. And we look forward to meeting many of you in person, and of course, preparing for that Investor Day I talked about in August. Thank you very much.
Michael Neborak: Yes, Greg. So what we are presenting there on the slide on Page 8 is $2.38 is the base going forward into 2013. And then if you do the math in terms of that additional $48 million that's referred to on Slide 7, that takes our margin down to a little bit greater than 20%. So those are kind of where we're looking at the base in terms of growing this business going forward into 2013 and later. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, Paul, this is Mike Neborak here. I think that's correct. So we started at 7.5%. If you exclude the fourth quarter reversal of revenues that we took in 2011, that goes down to 6.75%. And if you excluded half of the Willis capital markets revenues in the quarter, that would go down to 6%. So I think in that area there, you're looking at something that's without some of these items that perhaps were a little bit exaggerated in the quarter for good reasons. 
Michael Neborak: You could -- if you wanted to spread it evenly, I think on Slide #8, we basically based on how the numbers fall, $0.07, so there'll be a little bit more than $16 million in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Neborak: To answer your first question, your assumption is correct in the corporate expense. And as you know, as I mentioned, we typically in the Associates line, which is predominantly Gras Savoye, in the first quarter, it's very positive. So that positive will get reduced down versus the same quarter in 2012 and then the losses in the quarters 2, 3, and 4 will get a little bit higher. So it will be spread more or less evenly throughout the year, as best we can tell at this point. 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Ray, this is Vic, appreciate it. The short answer is no. In the fourth quarter contingents, or any type of income like that, did not help the quarter. Anything we've received on the employee benefits side would be in the first quarter of 2013. 
Victor Krauze: Happy to. We have not really seen any signs of a slowdown yet, that's evidence itself in the business. It's a longer term sort of view we would have to take on that. I mean I can read the news like everyone else and surmise what might happen. But frankly, our new business activity is picking up and our pipelines are getting stronger. So until that changes, I'm going to retain my optimism. 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic, and I think that they will be sustained. I think from -- based on what we're seeing that any increase in rates is flattened out. So the trend is not going up. But I don't expect any major changes in rate from the past couple of quarters as I look forward. 
Victor Krauze: Thanks, Dominic. All I can do is go back to what we actually started in 2011 and really try to drive through 2012, which is what I believe drives this business, and that's pipelines, that's recruiting and that's retention of our clients. Those are our leading indicators. We seem to be improving in each one of those. And so while we can't give guidance, all I can say is I feel like we are on the right path. 
