Dominic Casserley: The -- as you know, we don't give guidance on our major line items. We continue with what we said in July. Our expectations for this company are mid-single-digit revenue growth and 70 basis points spread to expenses. That's what we said in July, and it still our expectation for the company of the medium term. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's obviously the right question. I'm very comfortable with this. We're focused, as you know, on driving cash flow. And we need to be driving cash flow at a good clip during -- over the medium term. That has to be a combination of steady revenue growth. We simply cannot drive the cash flow we need unless we are growing, as I said, in the mid-single-digit revenue number on a sustained basis. You just don't get the cash flow growth over a sustained period unless you are able to do that. But in order to also do that, we -- mid-single-digits without some operating leverage does not deliver the cash flow we want. I'm very comfortable that we have been deliberately invested. So the expense growth you saw, which resulted in a 20 basis points decline in margin for the group over the year, is not the result of random expense growth. It is a result of very deliberate decisions we have made to invest in growth for the medium term. And so I'm very comfortable that, now that we have a steady revenue momentum and we are investing to continue that revenue momentum, that our ability to create that operating leverage is well in place. But obviously, it's -- legitimately, it's ours to prove, but I'm very comfortable. 
Dominic Casserley: Now look, I said -- I don't want to get tied to 70 exactly, right? I think we actually said a minimum of 70, right? So, we're going to aim to deliver the right growth over the medium term, to deliver, again, what I'm really focused on here, what we all collectively are really focused on, which is growing cash flow, okay? And you can do the math, right? If you do the math -- if our revenue growth was to slip, we'd actually have to get an even bigger margin increase, and that's why we're so focused on making sure our revenues keep clicking along. Because if our revenues keep clicking along with the right spread, we can get the performance. So we have to do both, and that's why we've been investing for the medium term here. But don't -- if I were you, I wouldn't get very focused on it's exactly 70 basis points, multiply it by x years and you get the number, right? Obviously, we position that as the number we need to achieve, but we're really focused on growing our cash flow. That's the number I want us to see growing every year. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. Well, obviously, Thomas, that slightly depends on what happens with option exercises during 2014. So what I think we've laid out is a process where it is our intention to sort of immunize, if you like, the stock accrete over time by buying back shares based upon option exercises. Whether we will do that on a concurrent basis or look at the end of each year and decide, "Okay, for -- if we had option exercise of x in 2014, that means we need to buy back y in 2015," we need to look into. But we clearly understand that -- I mean, some of the metrics you were talking about, revenues per share, obviously, EPS, et cetera, are affected by our share count. And what we're saying to you, I think, very clearly is that we do not want, as a group, to be issuing equity, which is obviously the most expensive form of capital that we could issue, we don't want to be issuing equity by chance. If we ever have to issue equity -- and please, do not take that as a prediction that we will -- but if we ever want to issue, we'd want to do that on a deliberate basis rather than having it rip out year-by-year by accident by the exercising of options. So that's how we think about that. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, clearly, Mike, it's an excellent question because if we were to tell you that we were planning to continue to invest in hiring people ahead of revenues forever, that would be a bad answer in terms of what happened to our margin. We said very clearly that each -- you have to look over the medium term. And this particular quarter, we had a series of investments, which I think Mike laid out in some detail, in particular businesses. But obviously, we hope they will drive -- it's our plan that they will continue to drive revenue growth and that we will have -- be able to manage our expenses, that's our plan, while continuing to invest and manage our expenses to create a gap over the medium term of those sort of 70 basis points per annum average that we've talked about. So we are fully cognizant that a growth policy, right, which repeated the fourth quarter of 2013 on an ongoing basis will produce a very unpleasant result over time, right? So we fully understand that. 
Dominic Casserley: I would like to be able to tell you that it's an investment, like some big project, of building a bridge for a city or something and here's the return, the results of multiple investments. By the way, we've been investing throughout 2013, right? We've been investing throughout 2013. We just had a series of negotiations with -- opportunities come to fruition in the fourth quarter, right? Sort of plump [ph] if you like. But we are investing through 2013, and we will continue to invest throughout 2014. The trick, of course, is to be able to free up other expenses so that we have space for those investments. And that's what we're obviously focused on, making sure that as we invest in new capabilities, new analytics, new systems, new teams, we're also taking costs out of the installed base to free up space for those investments. So I wouldn't -- if I were you, I wouldn't think about it of, oh, there's a blip in investment in a quarter, what's the payback. This is a continuous investment in our client-facing capabilities, and we are obviously looking very hard at taking costs out of the rest of the organization to create productivity improvements to allow us to make those investments. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. I mean, Gras Savoye -- generally, I think we're very pleased with the progress Gras Savoye is making. As you heard from Mike, they have now completed the operational review and made some very important changes in their operating model and their expense base. That is done. And we now are, therefore, focused on assisting them and helping them grow the top line. So that when we come to make our decision, which, as you know, is really the spring of next year, we want to be looking at not only a more productive but also a growing asset. When it fully -- if we can make that decision and it fully becomes a member of the Willis family, we would also hope to be able to rev up that revenue growth even more because we'll really be able to work as a member of the family, and that will be the case for the investment. But we definitely are very pleased with the progress that Gras Savoye made in 2013, completely on target in terms of the cost restructuring. And now that team is focused on taking that more productive phase [ph] and growing the revenues in their core markets, which you know are, obviously, France, the sixth largest insurance market in the world; in Africa; the Middle East; and parts of Eastern Europe; and 1 or 2 assets in Asia. And we are, obviously, trying to help them do that. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks for your question. We did add about 3% to our headcount during 2013 very selectively. Now that's a mixture of different things. It's investments in some of our highest-margin businesses, which you've heard us talk about. It's also we've increased our headcount in Mumbai, which is our processing and analytical center we have where we've basically been moving rolls [ph] from high cost locations into the Mumbai space, and that can actually have, over time, a positive impact on our cost base. So I've said all along to you that we are growing company, okay? We need to be a growing company, and we're trying to grow our top line by mid-single digits. We grew our revenues 5%. We grew our headcount at 3%. And my expectation is as we drive our productivity improvements, we will continue to see, as I hope, strong revenue growth and productivity effects, which will start to mean we're able to drive that revenue growth without driving headcount at exactly the same pace. But during the year, we grew by 3%. But as I say, that's a mixture of multiple different things, many of them hiring key people to drive revenues going forward, others hiring people to enable us to manage our overall expenses. Again, I want to emphasize that our focus is on growing our cash flow every year, right? Because that is what we believe drives shareholder value, and so we're very much focused on that metric. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks very much. Well, thank you very much, everybody, for taking part on our call. We greatly appreciate your interest in our firm, and we look forward to talking to you about our progress in 2014. 
Michael Neborak: All right. Thank you, Bob. So I'll make a couple of points to address those questions. First, pension funding should be down modestly in 2014, but I think the benefit of good asset returns and higher discount rate's more apparent in 2015. And the reason I say that and reason for the delay is that we have to go through a process with the independent trustees in the U.K., and our funding agreements with the trustees will be renegotiated during 2014. So in 2013, we made cash contributions into our pension plans of about $150 million, of which $100 million was related to the U.K. So we will see some benefit in 2014, but I would consider it to be modest, again, with the apparent benefit coming more in 2015. And then with respect to the P&L impact from some of the changes that we have going forward, the annual pension expense in 2014 will decrease probably between $5 million and $10 million. And then I think the last point that you -- or the first point that you asked was related to the accumulated or the OCI loss that we have in the stockholders' equity section of the balance sheet. So the year-over-year change in that was a positive $160 million. So we improved it by $160 million, of which $120 million was related to our pension activity. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, it will be distributed evenly in each of the first, well, the 4 quarters during 2014. So, yes. 
Michael Neborak: No, it's a North America issue. It's not only within Todd's business. It also has some implications for our Global business that has a presence in North America as well, but it's more concentrated in our North America retail business. 
Michael Neborak: Well, a lot of that depends on how many options you get exercised during 2014, which we don't know. So to answer your question, what we're looking to do basically with the announced share buyback is to reduce the outstanding count by about 5 million shares from where it is today. And then the difference between what that result gets and where we end up will relate to the option exercise that will take place during 2014, which Dominic mentioned. Our goal is to immunize against those as well, but that will be handled outside of what we announced in the $200 million buyback. 
