John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. I think as we came into this year, we could see there were some headwinds in some of the businesses that we were facing a little bit. I think we've seen North America has been a place where we've probably seen it, particularly in CRB more than in some areas, although international has also been a place where we've experienced a good bit of a decline there. We see those things as being -- turning around somewhat next year. I think we had tough comparables on the international; for example, last year, we had some reversals of some income that we had booked in 2015 that occurred this year, that we have going on. I think we -- when we said what we were going to try to do this year, it was, first, we were going to try to make sure we got the right kind of margins, and then we were going to use that to a platform to build with profitable revenue growth. I think that's still been our focus. We feel pretty good about coming in at exactly what we had said last quarter with the EPS. We might be 1% or so lower on the -- or at the bottom end of the revenue guidance that we gave last quarter. But we still feel we'll come in right around there. I think with the new team we have in place, too, I think one of the things I like about that, with some strong brokerage representation for North America leading both CRB and the Americas geography, I think we're well poised to turn around North America there. So I do feel like we have the right people there, we have the right offerings, and I think we just need to build on that. 
John Haley: I think it's a -- I think you always have a little bit of loss whenever you go through some big changes like this in the merger that we did. So I think we probably lost a little bit of that. I think as we put the organization together, we probably made it a little too complex, too. And I know one of the things that both Todd and Joe Gunn are focused on is making sure that we streamline some of the organization and are spending more time with clients and less time internally. 
John Haley: Yes. I think IRR is a -- it's a mixture of a number of businesses. As we said in the script, the Capital Markets business is a relatively smaller part of that overall portfolio. But in this particular quarter, best quarter ever in the third quarter of 2015. And nominal revenue is really -- I mean, it was pretty close to 0. So it was really quite nominal revenue for this year. And it reflects the fact that there's just been a dearth of deals in the insurance business generally. And so we're not expecting to see, for example, that to pick back up in the fourth quarter, although we do see some signs that 2017 -- I mean, we have had a couple of wins recently that could very well deliver some nice revenue in 2017. So we'll have to see about that. Reinsurance. We have a -- we are facing some headwinds in reinsurance. We -- our facultative reinsurance, of course, is off in CRB. So we don't report that with our -- in IRR. And that's the part of the business that's been growing more than the 3. But -- so we see that business is still facing some headwinds. I think some of restructurings that our clients have done and some of the just withdrawal of reinsurance from the market, as you've seen some big mergers, have also contributed to headwinds for us there. So again, we're not projecting that the fourth quarter is going to be a big improvement there either. I think some of the other businesses, Investment, which has been down for a number of quarters here, we saw some real improvement in the third quarter, and I think we feel better about the fourth quarter now than we would have a quarter or so ago. And I think we're beginning to see some signs in the Risk Consulting and Software of a bit of a pickup. So it's a mixed bag, but I think the -- I think we continue to see pressure on Reinsurance, and we continue to see Capital Markets as being down. And I think, overall, that's what contributes to a lower forecast for the fourth quarter for that segment. 
John Haley: Yes. Our retention rate is in the low 90s, which is, I think, about what -- that's about the traditional rate. I think it's standard for that. I think the -- where we've been seeing the pressure on the CRB is actually some new business wins haven't been as high as we might have hoped. And so that's been more the issue than the renewal rate, Greg -- retention rate. 
John Haley: Yes. Actually -- thanks, Greg, for that. And I'll let Roger maybe address that. But let me just address the sort of the macro point you raised there. We don't actually see anything in these results that have -- really changes our thinking from what we presented at Analyst Day. I mean, when you look, as I said, at where we project where our earnings will be this year, we -- we're still right where we thought they would be at Analyst Day. And actually, we're even more confident that we'll be in the range we guided to. So we feel very good about that. The kinds of things -- when we talked in Analyst Day, we talked about what we needed to do to deliver in 2017 and then 2018. We knew that this 2016 had been a tough year and that it was going to continue to be a bit of a tougher year. But I think we feel like we have everything in place to get to where we need to in 2018. Roger, you want to... 
John Haley: I guess the only thing I would add about that is to say that our -- we do have a pay-for-performance philosophy, and we expect to pay our people better when results are good and not as well when results are not good. And so we tend to maintain our variable compensation plans of all different stripes. When we add them all together, we come somewhere in, in the low 30s as a percent of our pretax, prevariable comp margins. And so they do adjust. But they actually don't tend to -- they don't tend to affect the margins themselves that much because they tend to be a constant percentage of that. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think Reinsurance is a -- it's an interesting one. If we look at North America, which is where we have experienced, I think, some of the biggest headwinds, we actually have exceeded our new business targets so far this year. So the new business part of it has gone relatively well. What has hurt us is, a, there has been a -- some of the existing clients are buying less reinsurance. And so we've seen that occur partly because people are buying less reinsurance, partly because mergers have actually just taken -- just cut the market in total. And then we've also seen -- we've had a couple of clients that have restructured things, some of the reinsurance programs, which have led to revenues being shifted to different years. And we've seen that on a couple of big ones that have had a material impact on our results. When we look at it overall, the Reinsurance is -- it does tend to be a little lumpy from year-to-year when we compare our results to -- I'd look at -- we were looking at one of our big competitors the other day, and they were minus 4% last year and they're plus 1% this year. And so we were -- we had a better 2015 and a little bit lower 2016. I think we tend to look maybe at a little bit longer trends than just a year or so. But when we look at it, we fundamentally are encouraged by the fact that the new business efforts have been strong even in North America, and in fact, it exceeded targets. And that's what makes us think that we -- going into 2017, we're well placed. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, no, there haven't been -- certainly, there's no net revenue dissynergies. And I don't think there've been really any revenue dissynergies to speak of. Interestingly enough, the -- I sort of referred in the script to businesses spontaneously working together. And I think it's the Reinsurance and the Risk -- the RCS business, which have actually led the way in terms of doing that. And so our Reinsurance folks have reached out to the RCS folks, have been adopting some of their models, have been using them in joint client presentations. And we've seen the -- getting some synergies across business lines. Probably the poster child for that right now is our Reinsurance and our RCS folks. So we don't see a big difference there. Roger, what's the number on the size... 
John Haley: So I'll let Roger talk about the numbers and how we got to that because it is a mix of a lot of different things. But let me just address the leadership changes. As we were looking out as to what we need to deliver in 2017 and 2018, I became focused on making sure I had the team that I had the most confidence in to be -- to deliver those results. And I made the changes to put that team in place. And so it wasn't anything specific about just 1 quarter or just -- it was a matter of identifying the teams that I felt the most confidence in. 
John Haley: Yes. I think I'll let -- Roger will probably have some things to add to that. But I think, Mark, if you remember that slide we had from Analyst Day, one of the points of that was to show that there were a number of different levers that if you grew at 2.5%, then you're at a 25% tax rate, and you reduce to 8 million shares, you could get to $10.10. If you grew at 4.5% and you had a 25% for tax rate and you only reduced by 2 million or 4 million shares, you could still get to $10.10. So what we were trying to illustrate is we did have a number of levers to pull. We tended to focus in that one on that even at a relatively low growth rate, we could still get to $10.10 if we were buying back enough shares. But in addition to that, we could -- we didn't factor in what happens if our tax rate is better than we had suggested, for example. So there -- we have a couple of different levers that we could pull. Roger, you want to... 
John Haley: Yes. Well, so first of all, when Dominic indicated his intention to leave at the end of the year, we had to find a replacement for running IRR. And I think one of the things that we especially like about Carl, he had run the investment line of business for both Watson Wyatt and Towers Watson as part -- when he was running that, he was part of a leadership team in that segment. And at the time, it included both Risk Consulting and Software and our -- the Reinsurance business that we had at Towers Watson. So Carl has some background in all 3 of those areas. I think the background he has in investment will serve him well in understanding the capital markets part of the business also. Carl is one of the smartest people we have in the organization, and I think he'll be a quick study on the other parts of the business, too. So we liked his background. We like the fact that he has been involved with delivering high revenue growth in the areas he's been in, and he understands the importance of generating profitable revenue growth. So he was, I think, a very good fit for that. In terms of CRB and North America, as I mentioned in the script, one of the things that I thought we needed more of a perspective on at the Operating Committee was the -- our brokers. And by moving Todd, who has a brokerage background, and then putting Joe Gunn in charge of North America, we have increased some of that perspective on the Operating Committee. And I think that will be very helpful. Both Todd and Joe, I think, are hard-charging folks who understand what we need to do to build up the brokerage business in North America, and I think that's going to be one of their key focuses in the short run. And as I said earlier, I do think that this is a business that we probably have overcomplicated our structure a little bit, and I do think some streamlining is probably called for. 
John Haley: But just as a matter of philosophy, I think shareholder returns are what we probably see as the highest priority. 
John Haley: There was a couple cent headwind in the third quarter -- I meant headwind in the third quarter, just to be clear. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, look, I think we do have a pay-for-performance culture. And we do pay people for results, and I think we want to continue to do that. I think the people who are performing well will get compensated well. So we're not really too worried about that. And I think -- we think we have the right kind of programs in place to incent the right kind of performance. 
John Haley: Yes. So I don't think we seen the market developing really any differently. I think what -- the point about the quarter 4 is just that for all of us in the exchange business, quarter 4 is the quarter where we're all implementing. January 1 is when all the activity occurs. And so we're all focused on implementing, and there's not as much effort on the sales then. We will have all of -- the open enrollment season for Medicare is from October to December. The folks who have a -- or with employers that have a calendar year plan, which is most of them, all of that enrollment occurs during this fourth quarter. So it wasn't anything -- it wasn't reflecting anything different about the market, just saying that most of our attention is on enrollment now. 
John Haley: Yes. I think the strategy that we presented at Analyst Day was one that reflected, really, input from the whole Operating Committee and where we felt we were going. And I don't think -- no strategy is ever just one person doing that. So I think there is a group that were focused on that. And frankly, the -- as I said, Dominic indicated his intent to leave, and so we did have to find somebody to replace him. The other changes that I made were really more about putting in place what I felt was the team that was best able to execute in 2017 and beyond, given the strategy that we'd already developed. 
John Haley: I think we have that right, Josh, but we can follow up with you. Okay. I think we're probably going to have to end this now. So thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to talking with you at our fourth quarter earnings call in February. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Not based on our numbers, Shlomo. So I think, in total, on our numbers, we're a little over 100 days this time. I think that's maybe a couple days higher than in the June quarter but not a big spike-up. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Just a comment, Greg, on my words there. And they weren't intended to be profound words. It was actually more -- and I don't say mathematics in front of John. It was arithmetic. But what really we challenged ourselves to do this quarter was step back and say, "Do we start to see the seeds of momentum shift towards our margin expansion goal?" And while we're still in this period of, one, having comparison to big acquisition periods, so that makes it a little difficult on a comparison side. And so the comparisons aren't really apples and apples year-over-year. But we took a look sequentially at what we saw in the numbers. And given the actions we know we've taken this year, the path to margin expansion is continuing the kind of growth as we've had this year, albeit at a low level. And then if sequentially costs are going down, the way margin enhancement pops is you get to a quarter where you're comparing to a year where you began the cost reductions and revenues have been growing through that period, and the margin enhancement pops. And so the only point I was trying to make is -- and again, with a lot of kind of noise in the system and you have to adjust for things that are seasonal in nature, but we believe that we see a sequential cost reduction momentum, which means that when we start comparing next year to 2016, that we would expect to see margin enhancement. So I didn't mean anything particular by citing organic growth, just saying that's the calculation. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think my view on taxes is, one, there's enough complexity there as I don't like to declare victory on a year until you close the year out. So we're hopeful of -- and as you can tell, we dropped our guidance a bit this quarter. Hopeful that we conclude that this kind of range is where we'd like to see going forward and then maybe set a new goal. But I'd really like to close this year out before we talk about what '17 and '18 might look like. 
Roger Millay: Well, yes, maybe I'll start with just a more kind of numerical discussion, and John might have some philosophical comments. But -- so certainly, we have incentive compensation programs across our businesses that are sensitized to performance. And you can see in our numbers that the segments -- there's pretty broad diversity of performance in the segments. So there is a reduction at this point in incentive compensation, total dollars versus what the target amounts might be. And so those -- we have had some adjustments over the last couple of quarters. In terms of getting -- where we are right now and getting to the end of the year and having a material impact on margins, I don't think those adjustments are at that level. And I guess the other thing, just in terms of the way the accounting works that I'd observed is that the -- what we called in Towers Watson discretionary compensation, which was a quite material item financially relative to a total year, it's not as material for Willis Towers Watson because there are more separate sales compensation programs in Willis Towers Watson. So anyway, long and the short is just pure kind of bonus, not as impactful as Towers Watson was. But there have been some downward adjustments, and that's a part of -- that's supported margin somewhat. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'd just say on the guidance question that -- even though Analyst Day was at the end of September, as you probably know, in the CRB business, there can be some big transactions that may or may not happen at the end of the quarter. And in our forecast, our internal forecast, which advised guidance, we had anticipated some larger transactions that would generate meaningful revenue for us. And ultimately, they did not come in by the end of the quarter. So CRB was the biggest piece of the miss in driving the reduction. 
Roger Millay: No. They're based on the same level that -- and they're based on our belief at this point that free cash flow, while balance sheet items go in there and there'll be kind of puts and takes year-to-year, but over time, that free cash flow should fall into the range of adjusted net income. And so the adjusted net income underlying $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion is consistent with the $10.10 plus that we've talked about. And that's -- and the $1.3 billion -- so -- and it's to the exit rate of 2018 into 2019. 
Roger Millay: Well, no. So the difference -- so the big kind of reduction or detractor from free cash today are all the restructuring and integration costs. We don't get out from under those until the end of 2018. So that's why -- so the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion is saying, look, if you're running at a $10.10 kind of level for adjusted EPS, adjusted net income that underlies that, and you're out from under the restructuring and integration costs, then you're at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll just add maybe another element of context, which is, look, every year, one of the things we do, I would say, pretty thoughtfully is step back and say, what are our best opportunities. As you said, Mark, and I agree, and John went through it, we do have a number of levers. And we'll continue to do that relative to shareholder value in general but then the specific targets that we've set out. That's generally how we meet our commitments as adjusting with the times, finding the levers and executing on them. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think that, one, as we've said before, we love to balance those 2. We think, certainly, this year we are leaning to share repurchase. Return of cash to shareholders is very important to us and we think is appropriate at this point. And we're in the process right now of formulating our plans once we're complete with the $300 million. And I think, in the short term, we'll be highlighting where we come out of that. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So there are various activities in there. I think we might have referred to this in investment -- Investor Day. Some of the actions that you take are short term and, I don't know, low-hanging fruit or whatever, but very targeted and happened in the first year. And then some, like things that require, let's say, combining systems, so finance and HR systems and the related technology, that's a multi-year project. So the benefits come in gradually and later in the integration period. Something like real estate as well. While we have overlapping real estate, it's best to execute those combinations when leases are kind of closer to coterminous. And so it's those kinds of things that extend into '17 and '18, bigger kind of process in [ph] technology changes and the real estate. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, some of it is -- again, because you look at a project like an ERP project, there's some big changes that we're making as part of restructuring. Some of the real estate activities are quite expensive, so it's more than headcount-driven changes. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think it's about -- well, actually, I don't have a year-to-date number. But I think for the full year, we're anticipating organic expense growth in the neighborhood of the level of organic revenue growth; pretty close. 
Roger Millay: Well, the second question gets a little complicated, but relative to all that's going on in the company. But we are on track for the savings, and the savings are realized. There's a very disciplined process to track both the exits as well as then how that relates to the additional folks that are added in Mumbai or elsewhere in the service centers. So those costs are "dropping" to the bottom line. Of course, as a result of both the shortfall in revenues versus what we expected and the plans that had been built for the year relative to that business momentum, that has certainly challenged our ability to show kind of net margin expansion as a result of the savings that are going on, which is really why I wanted to highlight that sequential cost momentum item that I talked about in my script. So while right now you see in the adjusted operating margin a little bit of increase, it's not at all what you would expect based on the savings we're seeing in OIP plus merger. But we have been adjusting our expense levels all year as the year went by. And we're now starting to see the results of that. In this 2017 planning period, we continue to emphasize that. So we have our eye on the prize. And we think we're starting to see the kinds of results financially that will lead to margin expansion, but we're not seeing it yet. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll comment on the idea of investments and John may have a comment or 2 as well. I think that -- and it's why we cite the shortfall, the revenues. I think there are areas in the company, I would say, specifically, the legacy Willis International business where there had been tremendous success, I guess, over the last few years, at least in growing revenues organically. Certainly, as they targeted that and anticipated that it would continue, they did have plans of continuing to add resources and invest relative to that momentum. It certainly has halted here this year. So we have been in the process of both pulling back what had been identified, let's say, as targeted investment initiatives but also pulling back the momentum of cost growth relative to prior organic growth momentum. So it's been a major discussion item. Again, it's a major planning item. And we're pushing that hard to make sure that where we are investing, it's in places where there's good visibility of getting a payback. If there isn't, then we're not going to do it. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, overall -- so year-to-date, the FX impact on EPS is now $0.11. I'll say that relative to the $0.14, I don't think we had all of the hedging impacts in that $0.14. So the $0.11 is a refined number, and there was only a couple cents in the third quarter. 
Roger Millay: No. I mean, I don't know that we have the guidance -- in the guidance, what the FX impact would be. We can follow up with you on that. 
Roger Millay: Well, the 2 -- you're saying 6% in the fourth quarter to get that? That's not correct. Remember, the fourth -- the 2%, this is total revenue growth, so it does include the JLT settlement. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, this is organic constant currency, remember. But yes, I mean, we -- the 2% based on the forecast, and of course, you have the segment guidance as well. So you don't find anything in there that's 6% kind of growth. So... 
