Joseph Plumeri: Well, I think that -- and I'm not giving out all the gory details, I mean, obviously, when you hear from him, this is a man who's been at McKinsey, 29 years. But more importantly than that, as a global figure, he's lived in the United States, he's lived in Asia, he opened our operation in Asia, he's run the Global operation out of London, he's traveled the world, he understands the globe, this is a global company. He's advised financial services companies, a lot of them all over the world, he's very, very involved in and knowledgeable in insurance and financial services. I don't think that when you look at that kind of background, the globality, the experience and the fact that he understands these businesses, puts him in a better position to be able to lead this country into -- the company into the future. I think it's all about taking it to the next level, they're all passages we go through. When you look at what he's done, and you look at the next level we need to take it through, I don't think they could have made a better decision. 
Joseph Plumeri: And also remember that I think that the worst of the employee benefit and the Construction issues, as Vic said, are behind us. In the last quarter, we didn't mention this, but the Employee Benefit business, in terms of new accounts, grew substantially. And that is very heartening for the Employee Benefits going forward. So I think when you start to see the revenues improve in North America and you start to see the headcount go up nicely. We have not had, as Vic mentioned in the last call, any defections of any note for now almost a year in North America. And you're starting to see a runoff that's now getting very, very slim as it relates to the defections that occurred in '10 and '11. So all the stuff are starting to come together and you're going to start to see the cleanliness of North America start to show. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think a lot of the answer to that question has to do with a lot of restructuring that Steve is doing. I'll let him answer the question. 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, the first part of that Gras Savoye, I'll answer, is that we're going through in Gras Savoye, as we've talked about before. We have a new CEO who is looking at the business, doing operational review and you're going to see that take place over the course of the next 12 months or so. We feel very good about Gras Savoye, we feel very good about our affiliation, our possibilities in the future. The company is run by one person for 37 years and bringing new face in with a fresh attitude strategically and operationally is just going to take a little time. And to get rid of a lot of cost in a place like Gras Savoye is not so easy. In France, there's a lot of things that you got to go through. So I don't want to get more specific other than generally to tell you that there'll be a big operational review, and I think that will breed a lot of profits for us in the future as the years go by. And you got to remember too, they got great strength in part parts of the world that will be, I think, very fertile economically in the years to come, especially Africa where there's 27 locations. So at one point in time in the future, Dominic and the rest of the team will be looking at 30-plus locations in Africa alone. So this all bodes very, very well. As it relates to 2013, I can only tell you we haven't given guidance, but I can tell you that you enter the fourth quarter, as I said earlier, without these comparisons that we've gone through, without this baggage that we constantly said, without these comments like without this and without that, it would have been this, it's done, it's over. These comparisons are gone and I feel very good about the fact that and so is the team, is that now you'll start to see the real Willis start to emerge in the fourth quarter and beyond and we feel very good about that. 
Joseph Plumeri: I've been in this business, the stock business, Bobby, with you for a long time. That's why we've known each other for a long time. And usually, what happens is that when you buy stocks, you like to buy industries that you know and management that you know and businesses that you know. I don't think I know anyone better than this. Other than the fact that because I've been the CEO, I've had to, and I am honestly answering this question, I have not sold a lot of stock over a 12-year period of time. We all have personal responsibilities and things of that nature that we have to have in terms of diversification, but I will tell you that once I get over that bit and get over the personal claims that you have to do, you will see that the preponderance of my holdings will stay intact. 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't speak for him, Bobby. But obviously, he's going to do what he should do and I obviously would endorse anything that he believes should happen. But from this perspective right now, from a balance sheet point of view, it's clean. What he decides to do is something for him to analyze and for him to talking about. I can't make any predictions about that. But from a technical point of view, and as you say 101, that's a clean balance sheet. There's nothing in the balance sheet that is unclean about it. But as it relates to future charges, I can't make predictions about that. 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't. I simply wanted to make sure that I covered all the bases. I really don't know. If I knew, I'd tell you. That's why I'm giving you a heads-up about the fact that the probability exists and I say material simply because it's a possibility. So I want to get it all in. I simply do not know. But as soon as we know our 8-K, you'll know. I don't want to get you blindsided. 
Joseph Plumeri: So as it relates to the third quarter 2011, most of those were nonrecurring. But in terms of the current quarter, the Chicago fraud activity is nonrecurring. The elevated Latin America expenses, they've become elevated and they stay there, they're not going to continue to elevate, at least as much as we know. So I would characterize that is nonrecurring in terms of getting to that level. And then, those are really the 2 items in the current quarter, which added up to 80 basis points. The other 2 items I referred to were really the absence of those from the third quarter 2011. When you take -- let me just add something to that, if I can, Al. What he said also was is that when all of that sorted itself out, we were still 120 basis points decline if you took that into consideration. If you add back on our revenue side, the things that did not hit or deferred, which were greater than 120 basis points, then this margin picture would look much different and so would the earnings per share. 
Joseph Plumeri: That's a legitimate question. There's always going to be, on a quarterly basis, because of the nature of the business, Al, a movement here or there. I will tell you, though, that in this particular quarter, the movement has been more profound than usual. As a matter of fact, more profound that I've ever seen it. That's why I went into detail earlier in my comments. When I said up until a couple of weeks before the end of the quarter, there was $12 million movement where our expectation was much greater than the 2% that you saw. So I would tell you that, yes, you're right, there's always movement here or there but much more profound this time. For example, in Willis Capital Markets, there are deals that have already been announced that simply had not closed that were supposed close in the third quarter that amounted to a large part of that $12 million. Then you add on the China that I talked about, you add on the Venezuela that I talked about and some other items. And all of a sudden, you're not looking at 2%, you're looking at well over 4% and close to 5%. So that's how profound the quarter was so when you get rid of those comparisons and you add back in the things that should hit and all of the issues that my associates have talked about, you get that much different picture of what Willis is and that's why I think you should judge it when you see the fourth quarter. And you've got to remember also, my colleagues remind me, that the third quarter is the smallest quarter for us. 
Joseph Plumeri: It's tough to do that because if I do that, I'm giving you close to guidance as possible in estimates and then in the next quarter, you're going to be all over Dominic and say, Joe said this and Joe said that. I can tell you the following, that International is now shown itself to be more normal than the anomaly in the second quarter. And I think it's pretty responsible to say that we're comfortable in that area. In Global, I think we said it correctly, it showed 3%, but if you took away the profitability initiative that was mentioned earlier, it's really 5% and I made a mention of that. So 5%, 6% area is what's more normalized. I feel that there's comfort there. I'm looking at Steve and I'm saying that that's not a guesstimate, that's what's really been running. In Vic's case, he gave you a good sense of Employee Benefits, so I gave you a good sense of Employee Benefits. He's given you a good sense of pipelines, he's given you a good sense that Construction might be a little bit better than what we've experienced over the last 4 years. We've had no defections. We got the tail end of the weight of accounts leaving, which obviously, disallows us to show real growth because of the weight of what's rubbing up against it. So when you look at all of that together, you're looking at, I think, a revenue picture that we feel very confident about going into the future quarters that will exceed our expense growth. 
Joseph Plumeri: I also think that it's important, Josh, to mention because I tried to read as many of the reports with regard to the insurance companies and rates. I don't know that they make a distinction well enough between the renewable book and the new business. The renewal book, it's higher rates than the new business does because you're fighting for new business and there's a pressure for rate there. So it's certainly firmer than it was, but I don't know that if you break it down geographically, by product area, new, renewable, et cetera, you're going to get the same kind of picture that's being shown. And in addition to that, our job as brokers is to get the cheapest possible price that we can for our clients. And a lot of cases, people forget that our brokers are trying their very, very hard to do that on a day in and day out basis. Throw the exposures in, throw the higher deductibles in, throw the economy in. In a lot of cases, businesses look at insurance cost as a T&E. It's an expense and they try to get it down as much as possible, especially when the businesses aren't growing. So I've looked at that and I've questioned that. And Vic will tell you, I'm looking at him as we're talking, what about rate, what's going on here, they're getting ready, I talk about all the time. I'm pretty convinced that we are doing what we could as brokers and that we're not allowing rate to get away from this, if you will. 
Joseph Plumeri: No, I really don't think it does. Actually, if I look at SMB for the year-to-date, it's down across North America while we've actually still are growing our producer headcount. The discretion costs are down. We actually watch the expense line very carefully and it's a difficult needle to thread, to grow your headcount in areas you want to grow while still managing the overall business. But I actually feel very comfortable with where we stand on that. 
Joseph Plumeri: The other point, Meyer, that Vic was referring to, when the referred 3% to 4%, he was referring to the producer population, not the employee base in North America, which are much different. Producer population is about 800-plus total employees. 
Joseph Plumeri: The headcount for North America, he was talking about 3%, 4% with regard to the producer headcount going up. The total headcount in North America has gone down for 4 years. 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't think of -- I'm thinking through -- the reason I'm hesitating is I'm trying to think through if any expense will follow and I can't think of anything other than the bonuses that are normally accrued. But operational expense has already been taken so the revenue has yet to come. 
Joseph Plumeri: I don't really think so. I think every client out there is looking for ways to manage their Insurance cost, so I don't think we could really come up with a segment for you on that line. 
Joseph Plumeri: None. As I said earlier, at this moment, as I speak, all of the comparables, the negative comparables are gone. I can't speak for something that will happen in the next couple of months that I don't know about like Venezuela came up in the last quarter, but there's nothing that I know about at this juncture that's a negative that still exists. 
Joseph Plumeri: No. As I said in my comments and now I'll say in the vernacular, when you go through the process of looking at impairment, there are strict bridges and architectural procedures that are very scientific that almost suggest that you have to guarantee that growth takes place. And we go through those scientific procedures, that gap allows you or forces you to do, you can't come up with that science that makes a predictable, especially in an uncertain economy and an uncertain world. That's the reason why we're going through the impairment process. That's the science of it. From our point of view, I'm looking at pipelines, I'm looking at retention, I'm looking at all the things that we talked about, and my feeling about North America is much different than what that science forces me to do. And so when I look at it scientifically and I have to on a GAAP basis reinforce that the predictability of North America based upon the that bridge, which is very scientific, it I can't do that. So my prudence tells me that you've got to be able to look toward impairment. 
Victor Krauze: The only thing I'd add, Joe, is our target is to grow our producer headcount 3% to 4% a year on a net basis. That's 30, 35 producers. That is not exorbitant producer recruiting in my mind. 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic. The overall rate impact that we actually see across of our revenue basis is maybe is less than 1.5 points. So it's not significant rate impact that we're seeing and it's spread across different lines and different geographies. And then you'd take a look at the surety business, which is actually quite compressed and when you're only growing 1% x the issues we talked about, it doesn't take a lot to make an impact. So it's -- when we're growing 4% or 5% in the future, which I hope to one day, then it would be a less of an issue. 
Victor Krauze: As I've said, Meyer, I think the best expense controls, because we have had an unpredictable ability to able to know what our revenue growth will be, the biggest discipline we've had, the best discipline we've had in expenses has been in North America. Starting way back with acquisition, where we took a lot of cost out, because of the economic depression that we were in, so I'll have any issues, nor should you, with regard to expenses in North America and going forward. The issue is a revenue issue, it is not at expense issue. 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic, I'll jump in here. It's actually rewarding to see some growth in Construction. It's been made many, many quarters since we've been able to claim that, and that business has struggled really since 2008 for us. Actually, at the start of this quarter, as I travel the country and I talked to our Construction teams and I look around the environment, I was heartened to see and I would -- by this is very cautious optimism that dirt was starting to move, projects were starting to be let, our teams are starting to feel like they are having more activity and I was hopeful that would translate into some more new business. It was not just the Northeast. We're actually starting to see more activity around the country. It hasn't all translated into business yet. And my teams would be very cautiously optimistic again as I remind you. But we had new business on the P&C side. We have some projects going. Surety holds it back still, market is still soft. But I'm cautiously optimistic. And as their second-largest business, it's one that if Construction does take off like I hope it will, it will bode well for Willis North America and Willis Group. 
Victor Krauze: I would say it's all of the above. Contractors that are currently operating at 1/3 of what they used to do in 2006, 2007 are starting to see a pickup in their business. Projects that had not had funding and had not been built, they're starting to happen. It's all of the above. I think Construction hit its bottom and we're starting to see some signs of life. I what to see that translate into several quarters of growth before I have a parade. But like I said, I'm starting to see something. 
Victor Krauze: We had -- as you know, we can only own 26% of the business in India. So you had to have a partner. And we had a partner when I got here 12 years ago and it simply didn't work out. The license is not ours, if you will. It's the joint venture partner's because they own the majority shares. They had an issue, I can't get into the gory details, as you could appreciate for legal reasons, but they had an issue in India. And then when they had an issue, we had an issue. And so to be able to disconnect ourselves from that issue, we had to pay an amount for our business, if you will, and that's the money that you heard Mike talk about. We weren't talking about enormous amounts of money, but we're talking about double-digit, low double-digit numbers in the millions. So that's over with. That's done. That's another example of just another thing that occurred over the last few years that happens. And we seem to have gotten more of the stuff happen than anybody else. It's not quoting, well, it was me, but it happened and it's over with. The new joint venture partner, I'm excited about, because we've actually been in business with them without being on the license basis with them for over a couple of years. So we know them quite well. We basically process whatever we do on an unpaid basis with them. So it's not like we started anew on a Monday with them and don't know them. So we're pretty comfortable, we're waiting for the approval process to happen, we're waiting for the -- all the legal processes to take place. And so, were ready to go and we've got this behind us as well. It's another example, thanks for bringing it up, of something that's behind us. 
