John Haley: Yes. So thanks very much for that question, Greg. I think we -- when we look at our overall attrition over the last 16 months or so, that attrition is within the normal historical balance we have. Now we've seen our attrition go up a little bit more in the second quarter than we did before then. But that's actually something that I think has been seen by companies across the board there. And -- but the biggest issue we've had is not so much the attrition, although we have lost some valuable colleagues, let me be clear about that. But the issue is we -- while we were in the process of the merger, it was harder to hire new people, to bring them on because of the uncertainty of exactly how they would fit into the new organization. And I think what we're going to be doing now is going out aggressively recruiting and looking to replace some of the talent we've lost. 
John Haley: I mean to give you -- the turnover is generally in the 10%, maybe 11% range. I think BDA, because of the nature of that business, is the one outlier where we have relatively high turnover rates. 
John Haley: So our view is that employee retention is something that we are managing constantly, not just during deals. And so we have various incentives that are embedded within our employees' compensation structure. The retention awards for the business combination, they were communicated in connection with the proposed combination to address specific risks and contingencies that could arise from that transaction. And since the transaction is no longer pending, we don't think those incentives are necessarily the ones we should have in place. That doesn't mean we won't put other ones in place and we won't make sure we manage retention on an ongoing basis. We will. 
John Haley: And maybe just as a quick addition to that, Greg. I think as I referenced, and I think as Mike referenced in his comments, we're very excited about the growth prospects. And so we will be making investments in the business, but those are investments that we expect to be generating revenue, too. And so we're looking at both organic and inorganic. We have a lot of enthusiasm around some of the prospects we see. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- thanks very much, Elyse. Yes, my contract runs through the end of the year, and I think the intention would be not to extend that but to identify a successor and have that successor named before that time. And I'll be working with the Board on that. The Board has a very thorough process and considers everything. Of course, we -- this is not new. We've been doing this for a lot of years, and so we're not just starting at square one here. 
John Haley: And I think where there were some differences across the geographies, I did call them out when I went through the segment review. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks very much for that question, Shlomo. We clearly had some initiatives that we were delaying in anticipation of the combination. And our leaders are going through and doing a review of those right now, but they're in all of our businesses. We see that in CRB. We see it in IRR, we see it in HCB. So all of these -- all the different businesses. We're looking at them. We're prioritizing them. And at Investor Day, we're going to be presenting you a comprehensive plan about how we're attacking them and taking them forward. So I think there clearly were ones. There are some other initiatives that we've continued to pursue even during these 16 months. For example, our leadership on climate change, which we think is important from just the perspective of the good work we're doing there, but also we think that will be a very nice business for us going forward. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we've been talking for a couple of years now about the overall market growing at about mid-single digits and us growing with at least as fast as the overall market. I would say if we look at it today, we feel slightly more bullish than that. So it would be at least mid-single digits is what we see for the longer run. 
John Haley: There are not. I mean I think there are limitations on the use of confidential information that we've exchanged, but that's basically it. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we -- as we referenced, like we've had booked business sales, that's an ongoing feature of the business that we're in. And so we had some last year, we had some this year. We probably had a little more this year than in prior years, but it's not something that we really break out. 
John Haley: No. As I said in the call, we have great appreciation for the Willis Re business, for our colleagues and the work they've been doing. We just thought that coming off the termination of the deal with Aon was an appropriate time to consider strategic alternatives. That's the only business we're looking at thus far. 
John Haley: I think we -- we have that Investor Day coming up September 9, and we intend to talk in somewhat more specifics about our growth plans. But as we said in our remarks, we see a lot of growth opportunities in all of our businesses, whether it's broking or consulting or our BDA businesses. And we're going to be going through and thinking about them and prioritizing what we're looking at. But we think that's probably -- there are opportunities there that are going to be the best use of capital. To the extent we don't find ones that are as attractive as we like, we will probably do more share repurchase. But we're going to be guided by what's best for shareholders there in terms of financing growth. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we -- one of the things we learned, we've had really incredible performance during the 16 months that we've been in this combination period where we were looking forward to that. And the reason we've had that is because of the performance of our colleagues overall, but especially because of the performance of our leaders. And the broad leadership group within Willis Towers Watson has been nothing short of outstanding. And we have incredibly deep talent in this organization. And I think we recognize that. We're going to make sure we do the appropriate things to retain them and to motivate them. But we're moving forward with a lot of confidence there, Mark. 
John Haley: Yes. I think we will highlight some of that in -- on September 9. I think for the margins, we have 2 things that we say. We were -- we're proud of the margin expansion we've seen over the last couple of years here. We think we can continue that. We're recognizing that there are some features, like some travel and entertainment expenses are probably artificially low. However, as we continue to do more of that, we're going to be looking to make sure that we increase T&E to the extent it drives revenue, and that's what we're going to be trying to make sure we do. So we feel pretty good about continuing to drive margin expansion over the longer time frame. 
John Haley: Well, if you think about -- the share repurchases we've had in the past have bounced around somewhat from year-to-year. But if you look at what we would have been expected to have done during the 16 months, that's about $1 billion. 
John Haley: No. I mean I think probably if you look at the -- what Mike said about we're expecting a mid-single-digit growth, I mean, I think that gives you the net of everything. So we don't -- we haven't broken things down any finer than that. 
John Haley: I don't think there's anything specific like that. As we did say, we expected that we would -- there are some things that we were going slower on, and we'll address them on September 9, that we're going to reinvigorate some initiatives we had. But nothing major like business -- whole businesses or anything like that. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we're working, as I said, on a review of what opportunities we have across all the businesses, both ones we have deferred, both new ones we've identified during the last 16 months and what we should be doing. It's an effort that is a broad-based effort across our leadership. And so it will have the buy-in of the whole leadership of the company. And we think it will be something that will be in the works, oven-ready for the new CEO to execute on. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to seeing you on September 9 when we'll be discussing the company's growth plans at our Investor Day in New York City. 
Michael Burwell: Greg, it's Mike. I would just comment. So one is, as you might imagine, when you think about a merger, we've lost -- one of the biggest places we've lost, frankly, has been our corporate and some of our corporate areas overall in the business with the anticipation of the business combination. As John mentioned, we had lost some teams. But when you compare -- when you look at HCB or CRB or IRR, we've lost some teams. When we compare it, our turnover isn't different than what we saw back in 2019. So we have had a reinsurance team that's been lost, let's say, in Australia or things. But those -- we're highlighting it because it's in the window of looking at an M&A deal. But that's a normal process that has been happening and maybe slightly accelerated here recently, as John mentioned. But when I look at the numbers, and just in terms of pure overall turnover numbers, they're not that different from where we were in 2019. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I think that's a fair statement, Greg. But I would also point to the comment that I made, which is that we're focused on continued annual improvement, and we anticipate margin improvement for the year. So we'll look at those in terms of what the run rate of the company is. If we're making specific investments, we'll call them out. But our intent is to drive -- continue to drive margin improvement and margin expansion. 
Michael Burwell: So Elyse, thanks for the question. So when we think about leverage, at times, we have gone up that high in leverage, but with always a commitment to get it down more in that kind of 2.2, 2.3 range, is kind of where we have been. So that gives us plenty of capacity to think about investments that we can make, both organically and inorganically in the business, which we're very excited about. And we have lots of opportunities, it's just making sure we deploy that in the best return thought process. But as we think about that, obviously, we will look -- continue to look at share repurchases. That's an important element, to look at that return, as we look at all 3 components in terms of thinking about allocation of capital. We talked about the dividend increase that we had this quarter. We'll continue to look at dividends. We will look at share repurchases. And obviously, we're looking at inorganic and organic growth and thinking about all 3 of those in a balanced way, going forward. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, as you know, you know the quarters, the Q1 and Q4 tend to be our largest quarters in particular, Q4 being the largest quarter, Q3 being less of a quarter. I think you may have used the word conservative in there. We don't know if it's conservative, it's our best estimate in terms of where we are right now, and we thought that guidance would be helpful. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean we publish twice a year our Marketplace Realities, which we publish in April and October as a general rule. And we include in there what our view of the marketplace is in terms of pricing. It continues to be a hard market. We continue to see a pricing tailwind. We've seen continued increases, and most recently, cyber being up almost 50%. And -- but obviously, those are what you're seeing in terms of quoted prices. Our role is to do the best thing that we can for our clients. And obviously, we look to manage those risks, help them understand those risks and price those risks appropriately. And so we think about that, we look at properties still being up, general liability has been up, casualty has been up. And we've seen some moderation on workers' comp and D&O. But again, in aggregate, across the board, we're seeing pricing tailwinds overall. So yes, we are seeing that reflected in the business. 
Michael Burwell: It was pretty balanced across the board when you look at our geographies. I mean we didn't see any particular one that I would call out. Otherwise, we would have and specifically said that. We really saw it across all 4 of our segments in comparison to where they should be in the prior year. And equally, we saw it across all our geographies. Frankly, the business is running very strong. We're very proud of the second quarter results. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think this quarter is probably a reasonable representation of what we -- what you should expect or think about. I mean there obviously are going to be some slight ups and downs, but I think it's a reasonable proxy to think about. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Ryan, I mean we have not given guidance, and we're not intending to do it. I mean just given the marketplaces of COVID variants, et cetera, in terms of giving specific free cash flow guidance, I believe that we will continue to improve from what we've delivered previously. As you've seen, we're up on -- 30%, 31% year-to-date on an -- if you look at it on a run rate basis for the first half, which I think is consistent with where we've been over -- now over the last couple of years. And I think that's accentuated in terms of our increased dividend that we -- that our Board and we announced here as of today. I think we continue to work on free cash flow. I mean there's continued view inside the organization on how important that is for us to have that cash so we can reinvest in the business and buy back shares and do a variety of different things that we can do with that cash. And so I can just tell you that there's a lot of focus on it. We're very proud of what we continue to do there, and we'll look to continue to improve it. 
Michael Burwell: No. I mean the teams continue to invest in systems and technology as appropriate. And we've continued to do that. We're obviously -- we're mindful of thinking about what that could mean. But we've continued to -- most of CRB is just -- it's supported really by 2 systems, and that's really the way we've continued to invest in those systems. They're core to our brokering capabilities and operations. And so Adam and the team are very focused on it and continue to drive efficiency and effectiveness. And I see you're seeing that being reflected in their results. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think we tend to focus on operating margin overall in the business. And so I think that, that's an appropriate spot for you to focus on as well. I mean that -- I mean, you have depreciation and amortization that are in there as well. But I think that's really the focal point. 
