John Haley: Thanks very much, Andrew. And as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we have Carl Hess on the line with us also. We anticipate that most of your questions are going to be about what our results need for the future. And so while I may chime in from time to time, Carl and Andrew are going to be answering the vast bulk of the questions. So let's turn to your questions. 
John Haley: Could you clarify? I'm not sure you're talking about our workforce or our clients' workforce and the demand for our services. 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean there's no question that our demand for talent and rewards has been driven by strong demand for work that includes tightening labor markets, and that affects our compensation survey business, hiring assessments, employee engagement work. All of these have seen strong demand because of that. We anticipate that to continue, given labor markets continue to be quite tight. And we are making sure that we're adequately resourced to be able to meet that demand across the organization.  We don't think that some -- there's a combination of both short-term and near-term economic effects that are going to affect this. You tell us when vaccination rates globally are to a point where supply chains are undisrupted, and we'll give you some insight into what that means for some of the global talent markets. But certainly, we think this is a good tailwind for our business, and we're doing our best to maximize the value we can bring across the portfolio to us. 
John Haley: Yes. We do think that we'll be seeing higher levels of work related to equalization and expect additional work from schemes that are better funded. And of course, the markets have been kind to pension schemes globally this year. That's remained to be true, as we said it after Analyst Day. 
John Haley: So we're on the market for new talent across the organization. So we're definitely noticing that there are areas of our business that are definite hot markets for talent. And I think you probably heard that from a number of people in our industry over the last week or so. We are a global business. We are able to source talent globally, and that does assist us in that. We can drop a wide range of talent pools as we manage the organization, and it gives us great resources across the organization to be able to staff engagements to make sure we're meeting client demand. We do factor this into our planning as a business. And the management team has been through a few market cycles with respect to talent and I think is very well prepared to deal with it. 
John Haley: I think there are a number of our businesses that are extremely team oriented in the way they're constructed and served. So if you -- as an extreme example, our technology administrative services business, right, where our -- each of our relationships with our clients are long-term contracts, typically 5 to 7 years, and very much not dependent on any individual team member being with the firm, right? They're extremely institutional.  At the other end of the scale, you might have mid-market CRB, where it's a very relationship-centric business and maybe a single face to the client. So just fundamentally different sort of dynamics in terms of where the economics the relationship lie. 
John Haley: So the reinsurance business has been historically more profitable than the average. As you pointed out, it is a bit of a stand-alone. It's got a different buyer hub than most of the rest of the company. We talked earlier about sort of cost pressures, right? One of the major -- in fact, the major cost in our reinsurance business is the people. And this is an area where compensation costs have been increasing much faster than the rest of the industry. It's very possible look to a future where those margins are significantly eroded due to higher compensation costs, and that's a problem that will no longer be ours.  In addition, at this point in time, right, $1 of every $6 or $7 in the reinsurance market is provided by the capital markets, not traditional reinsurance. Our margins and everybody else's margins for providing services through the capital markets are much lower than they are through traditional reinsurance brokerage. And so that's an additional headwind for that business that we won't have to face.  With respect to the divestiture, that is progressing as we thought it would. The timing that we've talked about is unchanged and that we -- the deal is subject to required regulatory approvals and clearances as well as other customary closing conditions, and we expect it to be cleared no later than the end of the first quarter of 2022. 
John Haley: I think we had some comments during Analyst Day that we still think remain very germane. First of all, as I said a couple of minutes ago, right, on the very short term, there tends to be a strong correlation between the first quarter activity to the prior fourth quarter. That is the open enrollment period will definitely influence the annual enrollment period. Looking forward, right, we see this as a tremendous large addressable market, and we think we have a great position in it. We, to a certain extent, can control our destiny in terms of how big we want this to be. And as Gene Wickes said during Analyst Day, it is about making sure that we sort of make sure what the picture we have for growth makes financial sense for the enterprise. And we work with Gene to make sure that we maximize the potential of that. 
John Haley: Well, thanks very much. I appreciate that, and thanks to all the analysts for joining us on this call. I would like to say it's been a pleasure to work with you over the years. From day 1, I've been impressed with the quality of our analysts and the work they've done. I haven't always necessarily agreed with your conclusions, but I have always admired the intelligence and the dedication that you bring to your craft. So thanks very much, and good luck going forward. And then Carl and Andrew will be updating you on our next call. So long. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Elyse. This is Andrew. So I'll take the first part of your question around organic growth for the rest of the year. I think you're thinking about that properly in terms of where we would expect Q4 to align relative to our stated guidance of 6% for the full year. 
Andrew Krasner: So I mean the -- I think it's hard to pin down, but what we've seen is Q3 departures are lower than Q2 departures. So we think we're past the peak on that. And the other side of that, hiring was very low during the period of the business combination, what was out there. That has resumed with a vengeance, not just hire we've already made but the hire we continue to plan to do. So our open recs are well open -- well increased from where they were a year ago at this time. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean I think what we're willing to say about the margin is that we're very happy with the margin improvement that we've seen through the first 3 quarters. We remain positive about our margin outlook. We do expect to deliver margin improvement in Q4. But we do expect sort of, as business activity continues to ramp up, that there will be some slowing of the rate of margin improvement. 
Andrew Krasner: I think what we'd say about margins in the future is that we'd refer to the Investor Day materials and that we're targeting the 24% to 25% by the end of fiscal '24. 
Andrew Krasner: Sure. That's not something we're going to quantify right now, but as you alluded to, is absolutely contemplated in the longer-term guidance of 24% to 25%. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. On the first part of your question, we don't expect there to be any impact from the restructuring efforts on our ability to repurchase shares. As to the specific rating agency calculations, that may be a question for them about how they're going to treat that. But again, we don't expect that to be a headwind for any of our share repurchase activities or capital allocation plans. I'll ask Carl to chime in on the real estate point. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. So the impact on margins is -- CRB produced about a 380 basis point of margin improvement during the quarter. The book sales, which we alluded to earlier, contributed about 170 basis points. So without that component, there still would have been a 210 basis point of margin improvement in that segment. 
Carl A. Hess: And this is Carl, Elyse. With respect to sort of the outlook for CRB on the revenue side, we have seen a mitigation of the departures we talked about at Analyst Day, and we're getting back on the front foot with respect to hiring. There have been some encouraging trends in the business as we look toward new hires, less terminations where we've actually in Q3 now seen hiring exceeding terminations for the organization. As we know that hiring precedes revenue when it comes to people, but that will help us going into '22 and forward.  We look -- new business results for CRB have remained strong and are up on last year, thanks to a strong client and sales management discipline and I think a validation of our global light of business model. While we have seen some revenue gains that are through book sales that have impacted the business, those are a continuation of last year. It's on a new phenomenon. And in general, it leads us to thinking that our CRB is going to continue to grow, but probably be at the lower end of the industry averages through the first half of 2022. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I saw -- Mark, it's Carl. I think 2 parts to that, right? There's the margin improvement we get -- expect to get through operating leverage in the business, which I think we would say should be relatively constant through the period, maybe some short-term headwinds looking into the first half of '22 as we've already identified, but no reason that shouldn't be relatively steady phenomenon throughout that period.  Then there's the effect of the transformation program that we started to lay out at Analyst Day. And we do think, like many transformation programs, right, the costs tend to be front loaded and the rewards a bit backloaded. 
Carl A. Hess: I think I'd point out that sort of book sales, right, which impact the cost side, I think, obviously, revenue multiples on book sales vary, but with a pretty well-known range, right? I mean book sales make up less than 1% of the revenue we're talking about. So you can take your multiples on that, but I don't think the answer in a macro level isn't significant for the enterprise. 
Carl A. Hess: Well, so for the current HCB, right, we identified at Investor Day that we think our Health and Benefits business is one where we see significant opportunity, both from a scope perspective and a scale perspective in terms of what we can do for the enterprise. That being said, we think all our HCB businesses are valuable contributors to the portfolio. We've got a market-leading retirement business. Our Talent and Reward business has had a phenomenal rebound last year, and there's great demand for its services and we think has a lot of prominence in what we do and helps us with all our buyer hubs with respect to human capital benefits. And we've got a very, very strong technology administration services business that continues to gain market share. So there's a lot to like across that entire portfolio. 
Carl A. Hess: I think we've had 45,000 colleagues that have adapted marvelously to the new ways of working that we were afforded voluntarily or not as a result of COVID. We have come through, not just ably but in a stellar fashion with respect to how we're able to team up with each other and serve our clients. And the lessons we've learned with respect to how we can employ technology to continue to collaborate and have excellent client service, we're taking those lessons, and we will be implementing those in our real estate portfolio, as you correctly identified. We're going to turn our real estate footprint into collaboration space rather than come to the office space. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I think as John had alluded to in his prepared remarks, in terms of that dynamic, we expect to be towards the lower end of industry average growth rates through the first half of next year and do expect that gap to narrow as we progress throughout the year. 
Carl A. Hess: So a couple of things maybe as color, right? One is we have begun staffing a bit earlier this year in our TRANZACT business to make sure we're fully staffed for the ramp-up for the '22 annual enrollment period to capitalize on market demand. We also acquired Omni Direct, which is a full-service direct response media agency focusing on the Hispanic market in July of last year, and that's driven higher growth revenue -- revenue growth opportunities in TRANZACT, although it's somewhat lower margin.  Q4 is the seasonally highest quarter for our revenue there, right? Revenue is close to 50% for the year. And our revenue growth is tied to the lead acquisition cost, so that operating income dollars will grow commensurate to the revenue dollars growth. But overall, operating margin should remain about constant.  If you sort of look back, right, our year-to-date growth has -- was materially impacted by our strong Medicare Advantage open enrollment period in the first quarter. That was highly correlated to the 2021 a year ago, right, fourth quarter '20 annual enrollment period. We had significantly higher Medicare Advantage revenue growth in the annual enrollment period last year, plus 57%, and that led to strong revenue growth in the open enrollment period in the fourth quarter, plus 65%. We anticipate continued strong double-digit growth in Q4, but note that we have a strong comparable from last year with a higher base of revenues we're building off. And the annual enrollment period in Q4 this year is not correlated to the first quarter open enrollment period. 
Carl A. Hess: Thank you. Great you can join us. And with that, before I pass it back to John to wrap up, at least I think Andrew and I here would like to say thank you, John. 84 calls, and these are very big shoes of yours we're going to try and fill going forward. You have done tremendous things for this organization, and we are all very grateful for what you have done to lead us all this time. 
