John Haley: Yes. So let's see, focusing specifically on the legacy Towers Watson there. I think -- we see some challenges in Talent and Rewards, as I mentioned. And specifically, that is obviously the most economically sensitive of our businesses there and tends to go up and down. As we've seen a cutback on M&A and on some other projects, that has impacted where we are. We don't feel that we're losing out necessarily to the market at all. I just think we see the market as being a little bit slower. We do feel pretty good about -- that we think we'll see a little more of a pick-up there. We have easier comparables, and we also see maybe a slightly improved pipeline for the second half of the year. So while it's down, we don't feel that we're losing any market share, and we feel that we continue to be well positioned there. I think in the Risk Consulting and Software and in the investment part of the business, those are both ones that have seen some challenges in the last couple of years really. And I think we continue to see them undergoing some challenges. Now the Risk Consulting and Software is not one that our major competitors really have, so we don't have any direct comparables there. But we do see a decline in a lot of the risk consulting projects. The software piece of that business is doing relatively well but the consulting part of the business, we're just seeing less of an appetite for that among our clients. And I would say that again, it's not so much that it strikes us that we're losing market share there. It's that we just see the market being softer than it had been. In the investment part of the world, we don't run the funds of funds and so we don't have a direct comparison again to some of our competitors, but we are seeing a decline in some of the consulting projects around that. And so we're seeing more of a focus to some of our delegated investment, which I think was the growth area that we see. But a large part of our business has been consulting, and we do see some softness there. If I look at the rest of the businesses, whether it's legacy Willis or legacy Towers Watson, I think we see some ups and downs. I think, in general, we're within 1% or so of where the market is going, with the -- with maybe an exception of the Exchange Solution, which has just had a fantastic half -- first half of the year. 
John Haley: Yes. So that's a subject of intense study by us right now, and I think Greg, we'll really be -- we're really targeting next month when we have the Analyst Day to present the detailed analysis of that. But I think that it's safe for us to say that, I think, we were changing a little bit -- well, we're changing a lot the focus of OIP to say what we're concerned with is not what the cost reduction is. What we're concerned is what the margin improvement is, and so we'll be prepared to address that next month. 
John Haley: No, that wasn't what I meant to say. What I meant to say was that we don't see getting the -- we don't see getting a cost reduction by itself as the -- we don't see that as the end game. What we see as the end game is getting margin improvement. And so what we want to look at, at the OIP is to say how does this result in margin improvement? And that's going to be what our focus is. 
John Haley: Now look, I think, one of the things we knew that when we were putting together Willis and Towers Watson was that the first year, we would have some puts and takes and it would be a little bit messy and we were in some ways, in a difficult environment. But frankly the -- all the different possibilities that are there from the merger, whether it's revenue synergies, cost synergies, tech synergies, whatever, we think all of those things provide tremendous upside. And so I continue to be bullish about the prospects. And as I told investors from the beginning, this is a 3-year project for us. It's one of the reasons why we put together the compensation plan the way we did and focused on those metrics. I continue to be positive about hitting them, so I'm still focused on that. 
John Haley: Yes. So let me just sort of talk about that at an overall level there. I think, as you mentioned, when I was responding to the question about the legacy Towers Watson, I said to the extent we see some areas that are underperforming, we have a sense that it's the market and not so much specific things going there. One of the things that make it a little bit difficult is in some of those areas, like Risk Consulting and Software, we don't have natural competitors that are public companies to look to -- to see what the market is. But our overall sense is just that the market is down there. And we've been through this. We see some ups and downs. We have areas like our old Talent and Rewards that are very heavily dependent on the economy overall. So we see those going on. We have areas -- we have similar areas like that in -- from the legacy Willis part of the business. So when we look at the Capital Markets area there, that's a small area but it's one that is very sensitive to the amount of insurance-related transaction -- M&A transactions that are going on. And for comparison last year, there was $110 billion in M&A transactions in the insurance space. So far this year, there's been $10 billion. That's a pretty big difference, and it's one of the reasons why that has contributed to a decline in the IRR this year. I think when we look at it, there're a couple areas where we are trailing the market. I think if we look at our corporate risk and broking and if we look at the Reinsurance, we're a little bit lower than the market there. I think in both cases, we look at those as it may be, in some cases, a portfolio effect. So for example, I think the international, which has been the real source of growth for Willis versus the market over the last several years, that's the area that's particularly down this year. And so that may affect us more than some of our competitors. But I think it's safe to say that we're probably 1% or so below them this year. We don't see anything that's structural. We think that some of that is related to just some goings on in the business that we expect to reverse themselves. We expect to be growing at about the level of the market or better in 2017. 
John Haley: Actually, what -- we've sold 300,000 in total that we will be enrolling in both 2017, and 1 of them that's going to be deferred to 2018. One of the big ones that deferred to 2018 is about 60,000. So it's a big case that is deferred. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we'll -- as Roger said, we'll get out some more detail on the actual currency effects and everything. I think we do have a -- we do have some hedges, which take about, I don't know, 70% or 75% or so of the difference there, something like that. 
John Haley: Yes. And I think if you look at it, look, in the first quarter, we had revenue growth initially. We had said it was going to be in the mid-single digits, and we said it was going to be muted. And so then we were in the lower end of that. That's because it was down to about 3% to 4%, and now we're looking at it and saying actually it's probably going to be closer to 2% to 3%. And so we wanted to come out with some specific numbers this time, but I think that's the overall effect. We have gone back and done a -- and Roger sort of alluded to this, we've gone back and done a reforecasting exercise to look at what is a reasonable revenue growth expectation.  We feel pretty comfortable about that 2% to 3%. We think that's a pretty good number. 
John Haley: That's correct. Yes. Sorry, Tim. We were talking. The 300,000 is the total we sold, and this client has signed up for 2018 already, so we've already done that. But it does include everything, yes. 
John Haley: No change in the competitive dynamics. There was not any big case like the Ohio case or even one any remotely close to that this year. So yes, we feel like we continue to have, by far, the strongest offering in the retiree exchange space. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think overall, the -- frankly, the turnover has been lower than I would have expected.  We were running at, I think for last year or so, a little over 10% in voluntary turnover, and we're actually running just under 10% now, which I used to think in terms of when we were in just the consulting area, whether it was Watson Wyatt or Towers Watson, I used to think of maybe 10% to 12% voluntary turnover rate as being about the right level. And I think there's probably more turnover in the brokerage market generally. So I would have expected that to be somewhat higher. So I think coming in at just under 10, we're at 9.8 or something like that now, is a little bit lower than I'd expected. And so that's what we feel about that overall. When we look at the -- there is obviously seasonality. And so we noticed this in the old Towers Watson days. You get more turnovers after you've just paid bonuses than you do there. We continue to see that. No particular changes there. And I think when we look at specifically where we've had some competitors try to target some of our individuals, one of the things we do is we prioritize those, and we don't necessarily try to respond to every raid on an employee like that. And we target the ones that we think are the real high-value employees. We've been very successful at that and we've continued to hold on to the ones that we really wanted to. 
John Haley: Yes. So I don't have right off at my fingertips here, Mark, the relative numbers for the second half, but the mid-market is different than the large market in that you can continue to have sales that occur up until almost to the November time frame in term -- and still implement them. But by far, the bulk of it will occur in the first half. So I don't have all at my fingertips, whether it's like 80% occurs in the first half or it's probably something like that. But we'll get you those numbers. I would think it's safe to say though that the bulk of the sales have already occurred by far, although there will be some continuing. I think -- I made a comment in the script to say that we look at the mid-market as saying that it's accelerated and that we feel that that's sustainable. So that's based on our talking with clients, our seeing what's happening to the pipeline. So I don't think we're expecting to see -- we've had a terrific first half of the year in terms of selling this. We're not predicting any decline in the second half as a result of that. We think we're going to continue to see the mid-market being an important source of new business. 
John Haley: So I think, in terms of the overall savings, we can see that very significantly. It can vary based on the specific geographical distribution of the employers. It can vary based on what kind of plan they're coming from, whether they already had a plan that, for example, had high deductibles or what other features they might have already had built into it. Generally, we look at saving between 5% and 15% for the employer. Although often what will happen is the employers will probably give about 2/3 of that back to -- or about 1/3 of that back to the employees and keep about 2/3. So when they make the exchange, it's a win-win for both the employer and the employee in terms of the cost aspect to that. That's been something that we've seen since the beginning and we don't -- we're not seeing any change in that overall. I think in terms of the adoption rate, it's hard to say exactly what -- whether people are distracted by some of these other ACA things. I tend to think that that's not the case. I think we have seen, as I said, the mid-market pickup. And in fact, if you are thinking about employers that might be distracted more you might think that actually, it's the smaller ones that have more of those distractions. So I don't think that's what we're really seeing there. I do think we're seeing the natural conservatism of larger organizations continue to be a factor in the marketplace. But we are seeing the smaller ones adopting it somewhat more enthusiastically than they did even a year ago. 
John Haley: Yes. I think, the whole impact of Brexit, of course, we did that call the other day. And I guess it was last month after Brexit, and went through that. I would say that we really don't have any change in views or necessarily guidance from then to now. When we look at Brexit, I think it's a hodgepodge of both pluses and minuses. And when we look at our overall exposure, for example, in corporate risk and broking, the overall CRB revenue exposure is about 7% of our revenues. So it's not like we see that, that is the biggest deal in the world. If markets were to move from London to elsewhere, it's not clear that we're disadvantaged by that. In fact, we might even be advantaged depending on where it was to move to. So I think there's nothing that we see now that we say this is necessarily a problem for us. I mean, I think even at the senior levels of our company, we have different views as to the impact of Brexit overall. Some of us have -- I've been relatively relaxed about the notion of Brexit. Some other people are more concerned about that. But I think overall, we don't see the movement of the B or V today isn't anything that was unexpected, and I don't think it changes our overall guidance. 
John Haley: I mean, I think, what we -- we think that we have plans to get to the $10 plus level, even with modest organic growth. So we remain confident about hitting that. Thanks, everybody else, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you at Analyst Day in September. 
Roger Millay: Yes, just to the first question, no impact on any rating agency matters at all. And in terms of the goal, I mean as John said, we will be talking about the levers to get to the goal by 2018, and we're still focused on that and creating the structure internally to drive to that. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think that's right. So of course, there's a lot to IRR, and John already talked about the legacy Towers Watson Risk and Financial Services piece. There's no revision in that guidance related to the departure of the fine arts and jewelry team or no change at all really with respect to that matter. 
Roger Millay: Well, I mean, I think it's -- so if you're looking sequentially, of course, we paid incentive comp in the first quarter, so for... 
Roger Millay: Yes versus even 7, I think. So when you're looking at the comparative cash flow statement, that's just the legacy Willis cash flow statement. So the biggest difference is really the consolidation of the companies and the free cash that's been added as a result of the merger. 
Roger Millay: No. I mean, it's -- no, just the performance of the business and what you would expect in the June quarter from the legacy Towers Watson business. So no distortion. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So that's why we gave you the 6-month margins. So for 6 months, the margins were either slightly up or about the same as last year's. So that illustrates the seasonal timing impact. And it's really, as we said in the first quarter call, the Gras Savoye revenues came in about -- 70% of the revenues came in, in the first quarter so there's extreme seasonality that drove that. So again, as we said in the script, we think the 6-month margin numbers are more indicative of where the company is. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, it does imply a little bit better second half. There are some areas where there's a pipeline that supports that growth level. There are areas where the difficulty in the first half or even the first quarter won't be repeated. For instance, we talked last quarter about the South Stream project that was a one-time write-off. There are also areas where seasonality of growth actually in the last couple of years has been stronger in the second half. So while it's not a big pickup, there are several factors that drive that expectation. 
Roger Millay: Yes. We have this odd phenomenon based on the merger close that -- because it closed on January 4, actually -- and we're talking plus 1 million shares here, but the account was a little bit lower than the real run rate coming into the merged company in the first quarter. So we're now on a path where given the share repurchases we talked about and now that the timing is normalized, we'll be seeing downward impacts to the share count. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, so specifically, the pound sterling is -- it's pretty much offset when you take the hedges into consideration. I mean, I think the big driver of the -- as you said, of the downgraded guidance is the organic growth expectation. 
Roger Millay: There are a number of angles in there. So maybe just to hit the last one. Everything that we're doing has been part of the communication with the rating agencies. So we've been managing that internally and there are no issues there. With respect to the usages ultimately of free cash for the year, as we've said, we expect another couple of hundred million of share repurchases at this point. And we continue to evaluate that quarter-to-quarter based on how the company performs. So that's where we are for right now. 
Roger Millay: No. I think as we -- we're in the same kind of mindset that we talked about, I think, last quarter, which was stabilizing the rating agency metrics around the level that support our current rating. And there are a lot of angles to the rating agencies' calculations, but it doesn't imply significant deleveraging. 
