Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. So briefly summing up, and returning to the 3 points I opened with. First, our strong organic growth in the face of challenging market conditions underscores our diversified strength across geographies, sectors and business lines. Second, we are focused on expenses, and we see the prospect of the core driver of that expense growth, headcount increases, excluding acquisitions, moderating in the second half of the year. Third, there are significant noncash, nonoperating adjustments in the reported and underlying headline numbers this quarter, but there's ample evidence across the half with the ongoing cash generative power of this business. With that, operator, may we please begin the Q&A session. 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Paul, thanks very much for the question. I think our approach to usage of cash remains where it was when we outlined it in the Investor Conference back in July last year, about a year ago. We said then that we saw 4 usages for our cash. They were around, obviously, investments in the business over and above normal CapEx. For some reason, we had usual CapEx. We haven't seen that. Secondly, with the, obviously, M&A opportunities, and I'll come back to that because that was a specific part of your question. Third would be dividend increases, and fourth would be share repurchases. And we've been active on all 3 of -- the last 3 of those. So let me talk about M&A. Our approach to M&A remains the same. We regard our business as fundamentally a people business, and that what we are buying is the talents and capabilities of people and the market franchises they have. Therefore, it is absolutely crucial to us in any M&A transaction that we have plenty of time to get to know the individuals on the other side of the table, if you like, to make sure that they truly want to become part of Willis, and that they want to become part of Willis and that they think that they can outgrow their performance when they were standalone. So if you look at both the Charles Monat acquisition and the Max Matthiessen acquisition, those were both situations where we spent a very large amount of time in exclusive discussions with those institutions and with all the people involved to make sure that everyone understood why 1 plus 1 would equal 3. And so we spend a lot of time on that sort of process than when we're thinking about acquisitions. I think it's fair to say that Willis has become an institution, given the care that its people are coming to understand, we take in doing acquisitions and our approach to integrating and advancing the careers of people who join us. People have come to understand that Willis is an interesting destination to think about taking their institution if they decide to sell. And so I have to say that the pipeline of opportunities we have in M&A is rich, and we're excited about it, but we are looking very carefully. We have very, very strict financial criteria based upon cash flow returns we see out of any acquisitions. And we are obviously focused on growth, and that has led, as we talked earlier, to us actually disposing of some businesses that we thought would not provide enough growth. So yes, you are right. A part of a cash drawdown you saw this quarter was the payment for Charles Monat, as we actually closed that, and obviously, will we plan to be or hope to be closing Max Matthiessen in the second half of the year, and that again, will be either cash or we may well issue some debt to fund a part of that transaction. But we're very comfortable that if we take this very deliberate focus on only closing transactions with institutions where we really see the people aligned and we can do 1 plus 1, that will work. But we've also been using cash for 2 other purposes. We increase our dividend 7% this year as part of our commitment in the July Investor Conference to gradually grow our dividend as a return to investors, and we are still in the process of completing our $200 million share repurchase program that we announced, and that has also been a usage of cash. 
Dominic Casserley: That's a very good question, Paul. And I think this has come up before. I think our view is that the returns on hiring people can be quite disparate. There are some individuals who we have hired who have very rapidly generated revenues in relation to their ability out in the marketplace, and you get a very quick return. Some people, it can take longer. What I can assure you is we wouldn't have made the sort of investments we made in the second half of 2013 on the basis that this was sort of a quick win, and that it would sizzle away. We are trying to build, and are in the process of building a very strong, sustainable foundation to drive organic revenue growth on a continuous basis. So those hires were not sort of trying to push revenues just in 2014. They were a part of an important build-out in certain of our businesses to drive medium-term growth as well. And so I think the answer to your question is some people, it's very quick. Some people, it can be first or even well into the second year before you really see the revenue momentum coming. 
Dominic Casserley: Thomas, it's a very good question because that is a clear risk. One of the dynamics you definitely see in this business is in a slower growth environment, as you say, when people try and say, "Well, how am I then going to get growth?" They try and reach for it for basically stealing each other's [indiscernible]. We are very cognizant of that risk. So when you look at where we have been investing and building and where we've been adding our head count, a lot of it has been, as we've said before, in the emerging markets, where we have actually seen -- where we think there is natural growth, and where actually Willis has a very, very strong competitive proposition. So we've been adding our capabilities there in Asia, Latin America, for instance. And secondly, you've seen us continue even in this soft environment to take market share in reinsurance, and we do see opportunities most obviously as we take market share in North America to build in Willis Re to take -- and basically, we're having people wanted to join us because of the momentum we have. But we are very sensitive to the challenge of a sort of tit-for-tat hiring process because of a depressed environment is actually not a winning proposition for us, we believe. So we are being very cognizant of that risk. 
Dominic Casserley: Thomas, you're absolutely right that we announced our share repurchase plan specifically with the plan of immunizing share count growth, and that remains our position. I think that goes back actually to Paul's question, the first question we had, around uses of cash. We're constantly, as I've said before, making trade-offs in terms of where we see value-creation opportunities between dividend increases, M&A and share repurchases. We decided that the right place for us to settle for the moment on share repurchases is to immunize. But as we see different or non-different M&A opportunities, et cetera, again, all looked at on a very tough cash in, cash-out basis and, again, only doing them where we believe the people want to join us and be part of a growing organization. If for some reason, those opportunities slowed, we would obviously revisit that policy because as we pointed out, this is a cash-generative business, and we constantly have to be very sensitive to how we're using that cash. 
Dominic Casserley: No, Bob. I mean, I think we cannot predict exactly how many stock options will be exercised by our employees. We know the number that's out there, but we can't predict exactly how many will actually be exercised in any one particular period. So we'll see. I'm certainly not going to either react to your stock price comment. We'll see how that all resolves. But the point, I think, we would make is we are still focused on immunization, but that is our policy, and we will see as option execution takes place, we'll see how we then need to respond by uses of cash. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, that could well be, because, as you saw, you're correct to point out that year-to-date, we had not fully immunized, right. We had a $0.01 hit to earnings per share relating to creep, right? So you're right, we're still in the process of getting to the immunization that we're aiming for. 
Dominic Casserley: No. Josh, thank you for your question. No, I do -- we do think, actually, the comps that we've seen in the last 6 months, we always knew, as we went through this investment, they were going to be challenging and they turned out to be. Given what we hope will happen with the headcount growth and with expense growth as a result during the rest of the year, we'll see where margin settles out. So I would give us a little time before you decide what the underlying margin is. And then of course, you're right to point to the operational improvement program, and we will be giving you -- obviously, you will see what our reported results are, but we will obviously be giving you the adjusted or underlying results so you can see how business performs and how, therefore, the margin performs that will emerge when they're no longer taking charges. It is obviously the aim of the program to drive our performance cash flow up and, thereby, one of the means will be that the margin will go up. That is our expectations. 
Dominic Casserley: And clearly, part of the issue here has been the run-up of sterling from the 1.50s to about 1.70. And if everything stays the same, quarter by quarter, that will gradually unwind. So if a year from now, we're still at 1.70, we will suddenly no longer have that differential. 
Dominic Casserley: So we do not give quarter-by-quarter forward guidance. What we try to signal to you very clearly is the following, is that headcount -- there's 2 parts. Headcount, year-to-date, is up 1%, and 1/3 of that headcount increase is in our lower-cost Mumbai operations. Secondly, you have heard no determination about headcount growth for the rest of the year, right? I'm not going to give a pinpoint number as to what that will be, but you can hear in our voice, I hope, our determination on this topic. And so we expect, as a result, the -- during the course of the second half to see that differential decline. 
Dominic Casserley: On M&A and our pipeline, and then I'm going to turn it over to Tim Wright to talk about both the performance of Gras Savoye a little bit and then where we are in the process. On our pipeline, let me reiterate what I said that, first of all, everyone on this call should be assured that we look at any transaction we might take very, very carefully. The Charles Monat and Max Matthiessen discussions went on for a very long time, and were exclusive in both cases so that we could get very close to those organizations. We have basically been extremely wary of auction-type events. There have been a couple of very high-profile auction transactions outside the United States, and we basically were not excited about those situations. We could not see how we could create value when there was just a line of people outside the door. So the pipeline is, as I said, one we're interested in. But we have very, very tough criteria, and we are very clear that 1 plus 1 must equal 3. Let me now turn over to Tim, just to give us a bit of an update on Gras Savoye. 
Dominic Casserley: I think yes. Well, I think we said in our announcement, Mark, that the inflation rate was about 2% in the numbers. So obviously, we think and we look at that very carefully. That is not a number we just give: "Oh, yes, it's going to be 2%," right? And that reflects differentials. In some markets, obviously, in some of the Latin American markets, you've got much higher rates of inflation. In some markets, obviously, you have close to deflation. So it's just an average number, and we are not giving away 2%, let me assure you. The -- obviously, we would assume that as our headcount growth declines, the total cost or growth rate of overall headcount will also decline. 
Dominic Casserley: First of all, that reference to human capital is to our human capital business in North America, right? And you should be aware, particularly, post the acquisition of Max Matthiessen, North America will be, at this point, about 1/2 of global human capital business, right. But the reference we had was to our North American human capital business. And let me turn over to Todd Jones just to give you some commentary on that. 
Dominic Casserley: That's a good question, Adam. So first of all, just to reorient you just a little bit, Willis' history, you would absolutely say would be as a global broker. And it has been built out of our position in North America that has tended to make people particularly sitting here see Willis as having a heavier middle-market orientation and the global footprint would tell you. So our approach is the following. We are absolutely a global broker in the Willis Re space, and in our approach to the corporate space, large enough a middle market. And our entire connecting Willis initiative is about bringing together our specialty capabilities and our large corporate and upper-middle-market retail capabilities to do a better and better job of winning market share in that space. When it comes to the middle-market, we have a selective approach as to which markets we will dive deep into on the middle-market basis. We are very excited about our middle-market platform in North America. It continues to perform very strongly and is obviously an integral part of the growth we have seen in North America, as is our large corporate performance in North America. In other markets around the world, we decide whether to compete in the middle market at all, whether to compete in the middle market directly or whether to do so by network arrangements with other local brokers, where we bring to bear our global capabilities. So we are selective in thinking through how to pursue the middle market. As it comes to margin, I'm going to take you back again to what we are focused on, and I want to keep reiterating this. We are focused on growing cash flow. We are focused on growing cash flow, which is the mixture of revenue growth and margin performance, right? And so I don't think I think about where are we going to rest versus a middle-market broker or a large corporate broker. What I focus on, and the whole team is focused on, is growing cash flow, which means we have to drive top line growth and, of course, we have to improve our margins over time, and where we settle versus the others I'm not, I think, that interested. What I think you should understand is how we think about our business in terms of the global approach in Willis Re and in the large corporate and other middle-market space and the selective approach on the middle-market elsewhere. 
Dominic Casserley: So the answer, Arash, of course, is that we don't fully know. We're only beginning down this path. And I would reiterate what we said, that this is part of an overall approach to market-derived income. We shouldn't just single-down on contingent commissions. We're just starting the process of engaging with some of our carrier friends on this issue. I think it is clear. I want to be clear that we don't think it has any material impact in 2014. These contracts, if we end up signing them, have a lag effect often to them. So I would say the impact in 2015 would be less than any impact in 2016 most probably. Obviously, should we find these arrangements possible to put in place, they are attractive economically because most of those revenues fall straight to the bottom line. And the quantum, we will see, as we negotiate those arrangements. 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to hand over to John in a second. But I think there is a generic point here we should acknowledge. Though, on paper, something like 75% of our costs are S&B roughly, we think that they drive more of our expenses directly as well. So some of the growth you see in our other operating expenses is actually linked to our headcount growth. For instance, as we hire more people out in the client space, serving clients, which is what we're trying to do to drive our revenue growth. There is some correlation to travel and expense growth as well. 
Dominic Casserley: I want to thank you very much for everybody's attention and joining our call. We really appreciate your interest in our company, and the great questions we come -- and we get from you, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter. Thank you very much. 
John Greene: Yes, thank you, Dominic. Bob, there's a couple of things on cash that I've noticed since I came into the business. So the first thing was that there's not a formal working capital management program in Willis, and we're certainly going to introduce one, which I think can do 2 things. It can help improve the turns on the receivables, and then also, we're going to look at payable terms, see what that will do. But to get to your specific question on pensions, the difference between '13 and '14 was roughly $20 million to $23 million. So a net decrease in the contributions from pensions. 
John Greene: We're not sure. It depends on how the pension funding is going to shake out and we continue to do some analysis on that. So I would take the $23 million, and then leave it there for now. 
John Greene: Yes, that's a good question. I think that's a reasonable expectation. So Peter and I will get together and see if we can work out a schedule in terms of FX, and get it out on our website or through some other communication mechanism. 
John Greene: Yes. So we don't forecast these things, obviously. And what I would say is, as I've come in here and worked over the past 2 months, we've worked through the balance sheet and the income statement, and there's nothing out there that's glaring, but I reserve the right to change my mind if circumstances change. 
John Greene: Well, I'll give the largest pressure point on the FX, and it's, honestly, a structural mismatch between U.K. pound expenses and billings that are coming in, in U.S. dollars. So again, if I had a crystal ball on what the pound-dollar exchange rate would do, I'd probably wouldn't be the CFO in this business. I'd likely retired by now. But if the pound remains where it is, we're going to add some continued pressure on that. 
John Greene: Yes, well, it's hard to say. So if every single exchange rate remained the same and our revenue base was the same and our expense base was the same, those numbers would be the same, but there's a lot of assumptions in there, right? And we know we're in a seasonal business, which will impact, certainly, the revenue, the expense base less. So I'd use some judgment on that. But overall, when we're looking at currencies, what we do in terms of modeling out is we assume the current period is what will be going forward, and then that fluctuation is dealt with as part of the underlying results. 
John Greene: All right. So, Cliff, what happened is we took a look at how the U.S. taxes, so the expense, was being charged for essentially the phasing throughout the quarters in both 2013 and 2014. And what we found was that the tax expense was charged 25% in each of the quarters. So each quarter, we historically took 25% of the total year tax expense and charged it in that particular quarter, regardless of what the pretax numbers were. And so upon review, what we decided to do was have the tax expense match the pretax profit that was being generated in the particular quarter. So what we had to do is basically pull in tax expense into the first half. It would have been higher in the second half only because we used a straight-line methodology. So that difference was $13 million. And essentially, it took tax out of the second half of the year, when our earnings will be lower, and put it into the first half of the year. And when I say earnings will be lower, I'm speaking of the seasonality nature of the business, not providing any guidance in terms of what we think will happen. 
John Greene: Okay. Yes, thanks for the question. So let me just back up a little bit and talk about the 2 components driving the tax rate here, and one of the components was the deferred tax valuation allowance, $21 million. And then the other one was phasing of the tax expense, which pulled in $13 million into the first half, okay? That $13 million doesn't change the total year tax rate. It's just a phasing bit. So the way I think about the tax rate is it's a mix. It's generated by a mix of business from across the world, where we had different tax rates in each jurisdiction. So we do know that the U.S. has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the geographies we operate in. So as there's more business generated in North America, that would generate incremental tax expense for the corporation. So I think what you're looking for is how to think about the tax rate going forward, and the best advice I could give you is if you take a look at our year-to-date tax rate, remove the 2, I'll say, chunky items that we highlighted, that will give you a rate. 
John Greene: Yes, so underlying other operating expenses up about 6% for the quarter. And there's a number of factors driving that, but you know that there's 3 or 4 main items there. So there is professional service fees. We did incur a higher level of professional service fees related to the Max Matthiessen acquisition that we announced. So that was what I'll say a relatively chunky item for their quarter. And our new business development activities were higher, as supported by the growth rate that we've seen here. That added a couple of million dollars there. But I would say from an overall standpoint in terms of how we're thinking about managing expenses, we do have a good infrastructure in place in order to manage expenses. What I think we're going to focus on going forward here probably more discreetly is delegations of authorities, and also making sure we're making, I'll say, the best decision possible for every single dollar we spend, and I think that will result in a positive outcome for the company and for shareholders. 
John Greene: Yes, so yes, that's a good question. So there was FX revaluation coming through there, and gains on disposals. 
John Greene: What I would do is I would look at the historical trend on that, and there's -- typically, from what I've seen, a credit, and we had a substantial charge go through related to Venezuela. 
