Roger Millay: Okay. Well, thank you, Kai. This is Roger Millay. So first, as you step back from the S-4 projections, which were done in the April to May time frame of last year, really, on the aggregate basis, the biggest difference relates to foreign currency. And you can actually see it if you go back to the Towers Watson earnings call in, I don't know, it was the 8th or so of May last year. The pound guidance at that point was $1.57 and the euro guidance was $1.20. If you adjust for that to our guidance now, overall, for the legacy companies, we'd lose about $0.25. So you could add $0.25 to the range and equate back to the legacy company guidance. In terms, more broadly, of the items that we would add to that guidance from the S-4 projections, the synergy estimates, I think we're largely on track with what we articulated through the whole merger discussion period, with revenues coming in more strongly as the years build, with some reasonable spread of cost synergies over the time period. And then on the tax side, again, as I said in my remarks, we had been articulating during that merger discussion period that we didn't think we could get, from an accounting point of view, to that mid-20% range for the tax rate until the end of 2017. And again, as I said, the merger structuring came out favorably. That's what we're guiding for fiscal and calendar '16. And so we feel good about our momentum on the tax side. 
Roger Millay: Yes, on balance sheet, thank you for the reminder. On the balance sheet side and buybacks, we had our first board meeting just a couple of weeks ago now, or maybe it was even last week, and we feel good about where we are from a business-momentum point of view. As I said, we do have to emphasize the refinancing. That will free up some capacity. We have 2 companies that generate strong free cash flow, and we're committed to generating strong cash flow, return to shareholders, as we look, again, to balance investments and M&A. We'll continue to talk with that -- about that with the board in April. And at that time, I would expect that we'll have more specific financial metrics that we'll be targeting. But at the moment in this first couple of months, first quarter, we will be focused on the refinancing activity. 
Roger Millay: Yes, I mean there's no change in our outlook from what we communicated during the whole process. Again, we do need, as a new company, with our board, to come to a financial policy that's more specific than that, than that line that was in that press release. And we anticipate doing that in the April time frame. So again, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and to have a strong emphasis on return of cash to shareholders over time. 
Roger Millay: Mark, in terms of free cash flow and, certainly, as you point out, there are a lot of things moving there. We don't have a formal forecast for free cash flow at this point, but I think you actually alluded to a number of the factors to be considered. So as we've looked at that and stepped back, one, I think it's fair to say, if you look over the last couple of years, that you have 2 legacy companies that demonstrated the capability to deliver somewhere in the range of $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow. Certainly, there are going to be integration costs. We do know that we have the costs related to the Operational Improvement Program that will still flow through. So we're dealing with those elements of planning. We'll expect, as we move into the next quarter's call, that we'll have more specific forecasts. But that's really how we're thinking about the free cash generation capability of the company right now. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So I'll apologize on behalf of us accountants for this complexity, but it's all accounting. This is Roger Millay. So we -- in our businesses that are really administration service-oriented, we spread revenue -- we collect the cash up front and spread the revenue over a time period. And that's impacted Exchange Solutions and the administration revenues, particularly. So the way that comes in is we put up the cash that comes in on the balance sheet and amortize it into revenue over the service period and the contract period. When you do purchase accounting, that's an asset that is assigned a 0 value, so you write it off even though, in the flow of those contracts with clients, that is revenue that was earned. And as you go forward in that business, it's indicative of the trend of revenue. So as we looked at it from an adjusted earnings point of view -- and I'd also add, there's no cost associated with it. Again, this is just an accounting matter. So in order to give the clearest view of what the momentum of the go-forward combined business is, we felt it appropriate and actually necessary for investors to really know what the momentum of the company is to add that deferred revenue -- effectively that amortization back into the P&L. It's something that will go away after the first year, and it'll actually diminish in impact as the quarters go by this year. And again, it's just an accounting adjustment. I know that's something a little different that we deal with on the Towers Watson side, so certainly, we'll answer all questions about it. But it's something that shouldn't be a concern. 
Roger Millay: Yes, sure. Thanks, John. Yes, Greg, I don't have, really, anything to add other than what I said before and -- that we're -- we'll be targeting an investment-grade balance sheet as we work through our plans for refinancing here over the next couple of months and lead up to the April board meeting. We expect to have more specific discussion about financial policy and how we might characterize that from an overall financial metrics point of view, but that's a discussion that's yet to come with the board. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, Dominic, you really hit the nail on the head. There are multiple influences flowing through. The Towers Watson margin is staying pretty stable in our outlook. And you've got the flow-through. I think John Greene mentioned earlier that the EBITDA margin for Gras Savoye is coming in at around the 16% level, which is some several 100 basis points lower than the rest of the Willis organization. And then you do have some investment or reinvestment of savings, and offsetting all that is the savings from the Operational Improvement Program. So I think those are the key influences. 
John Haley: Yes, Roger, maybe I could just add that if you think about what was in that release, we said -- we made 2 points. One was that share repurchases wouldn't start really until the latter half of 2016, and I think we're saying, yes, that's still correct. And the other is that, as you said, we were going to be out there, we were targeting the investment-grade rating, and we were probably going to be using cash to buy back shares as much as we could. Consistent with that, we do want to be able to do any attractive acquisitions, but frankly, in the first year or 1.5 years of this merger, any kind of significant acquisition would have to be really exceptional for us to pursue that. We're going to be focused on bringing the 3 organizations together that we already have, so that will probably free up more cash for share buyback. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Dominic. So I think I would just say -- and it is along the lines of what Dominic just said. Actually, for a consulting firm thinking about the benefits and talent and rewards there. There's 2 things: one is, generally, when our clients do well, we do better too. So good economic conditions are good for us, and the banks are having some volatility right now. On the other hand, when there's a lot of change, that's also a good opportunity for consultants. And the fact is the volatility banks are experiencing are providing some opportunities for us to talk about how we could help them manage through that. So overall, there's -- I don't think there's a concern from us in terms of that being a big negative impact, but it may actually provide some slight upside. 
John Haley: So I think when you look at the numbers we put out there for the revenue synergies 3 years out, the biggest range, and also potentially the biggest number, belonged to the health care exchanges, the mid-market health care exchanges. Now it was a very wide range, $100 million to $400 million. And the reason for that was just some uncertainty about how fast that market will develop and the particular trajectory it will take. So we still -- that's the one that offers the largest potential upside there, and it's -- we still feel very good. In fact, I think, probably feel even better than ever about the fact that Willis Towers Watson will be able to offer such an attractive product in the mid-market space in the U.S. We think that's vitally important, and we think the merger has really enhanced our ability to compete there considerably. The one that we'll probably see the fastest ramp up, but it's not as large a potential synergy, we're talking in the $75 million to $100 million range 3 years out, but that's the global benefits business. And part of the reason that, that will ramp up faster is we had developed some products to go-to-market at Towers Watson. We can immediately link that up with the Willis and Gras Savoye distribution systems, and so we start immediately pulling claims in. I mean, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we already had 2 big wins in January from that. So I think, in terms of speed to get to the revenue synergies, I would put that as the most attractive one. In terms of the largest overall potential, though it's clearly the mid-market exchanges. 
John Haley: Yes. So look, I think we have, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the sessions we've had in Buffalo, and of course, Buffalo is where the liaison part of our operation was headquartered, the training sessions where we've brought together all the folks there to go out to the market. So we think we've offered them some enhanced capabilities and enhanced training to go out and talk to clients about that. The -- we have also -- we're in the process of putting in some enhanced compensation programs to encourage people to sell exchanges, and those are the main things that we're focusing on at the moment. 
John Haley: Okay. Look, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you on the Willis Towers Watson earnings call in May.  Have a good day. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. It's Dominic here. Let me address the first part of that 2-part question about enthusiasm, retention within Willis. As I said, I echoed what John Haley said about the level of enthusiasm within the organization overall. And within sort of legacy Willis, I can tell you, it is extremely high. We had no retention issues. Actually, I was being briefed only yesterday that we're almost seeing the opposite. We're starting to see a number of people from other organizations who have been involved in the sort of the brokerage world, starting towards -- turning up at our doors and very, very intrigued and excited about what this new platform can do and be a platform for their careers. So at this point, we're feeling very comfortable. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's Dominic here. I'll start with that, just on the legacy Willis businesses. Obviously, the projections and all the work we've done for 2016 takes into account current market conditions as we see them. So obviously, as we look out into 2016, we're fully aware of what's going on in the energy space and, as we thought about projections for our energy business, was doing so in the context of current market conditions and energy pricing. And undoubtedly, we are expecting a bit of a slowdown there. Asia, our businesses have been reasonably robust in Asia. We have seen a bit of a slowdown in China in the last quarter, and that was reflected in our results we just went through. So they were -- the robust numbers you saw in International were despite a slowdown in China. And obviously, we've taken that into account and thinking through what we see, even though our Chinese business continues to have great momentum and we're very confident about it. So I think my general answer to your question is that we're fully aware of market conditions, and the guidance we're giving on how those businesses will perform reflects our present understanding, which is as good as anyone's and yours, of market conditions as they now stand. 
Dominic Casserley: I'll talk a little bit about the risk. It's Dominic, again. The risk services side, we have a very robust financial institutions practice, which is made up of both the very specific financial lines we have, both in North America and out of GB, and also our overall service to financial services companies. And frankly, the volatility we're seeing in the banking environment is creating more opportunities for discussions around how we can help them manage their exposures in political risk and other items, where we're active in helping financial solutions. So we're very excited about our Financial Institutions group as an advisory- and solutions-providing group. And I think, actually, the environment is a very robust one for them. You have to be innovative to help out clients, but it's a robust environment. If you want to talk about the benefits side of that, I don't know, probably John or Roger might want to comment on that. 
Dominic Casserley: So I'll give a general answer about strength and then give you specifics on the quarter. We've been -- you've heard us talk about Willis GB for a number of quarters now, and this has been a long-term program. As you know, it is the great historic strength of Willis. It's one -- where one of the -- our most advanced capabilities sit. And we've been through a process of modernizing the business to really bring out its underlying great strengths and franchises. And that has been coming to fruition. Nicolas Aubert joined us the beginning of 2015 and continued that path and accelerated it, I think, very strongly with a very strong team around him. And what you are seeing is the fruits of all that work: fruits of the underlying franchises, which remain very, very strong, and the fruits of the discipline and focus that the team and Nicolas -- the leadership team have brought to it. And that's why I think we're so optimistic about the outlook for 2016, because we have real momentum, both momentum on the top line and momentum on the bottom line. For the quarter, though, there were some good wins in the quarter. That business is subject -- it is a business which has some big transactions in it which can move in and out. And for instance, we had some satellites. We have a leading player in the satellite business, and we had some satellite actually go off and go into orbit, I'm glad to say, in the end of the year, and that was good news for the business, right? So but that's just an example. We have a fantastic franchise and a great team in that business. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's Dominic here, again. You're going to see a continuation of the whole momentum you have seen in 2015 and 2014. We've -- as you know, we raised our target for what we could achieve to a $325 million run rate. We feel very comfortable about that number. We are well on track. And as we said before, in 2016, the program should go cash positive. That is the savings that it's delivering to the bottom line will exceed the cash cost of the restructuring charges that we will have to take in 2016. So you will see -- on all the fronts, you're going to see continued growth of the number of people we have, and the ratio we have in legacy Willis, if you like, our people in offshore centers versus in onshore. We were going to be restructuring a number of processes to make that possible to move roles offshore. We're continuing to densify our real estate, and that process will continue. And we'll be opening up, by the way, some new offshore centers for non-English-language back and middle office activities. So we have opened in Sofia [ph] to handle some of the European languages. We've opened a center -- another center in China to handle Mandarin. So you will see just a continuation of the continued discipline and progress we've announced. And we stand by all the projections we've laid out. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I'll -- it's Dominic here. I'll start with a generic answer so that Roger can have a little time to think through the component parts. Look, you've got -- all I can tell you from the legacy Willis piece is that we would expect continued margin expansion as a result of the -- the net result of revenue growth, continued investment in the front line, right, because that's when we do the Operational Improvement Program and free up some costs. Some of it is being reinvested but it's being reinvested in the front office. So we've got a nice mix between front, middle and back. And then the reductions in the -- from the Operational Improvement Program, which we forecast would produce, net, an improvement in the margin of all those activities. So that must be contributing part of the 19.1% to 19.5%, but I'll hand it over to Roger to elaborate a bit on that. 
John Greene: Yes, I would be happy to. So in terms of pension contributions, we can expect on the Willis side a reduction between $20 million and $30 million. In terms of CapEx, for the year, came in at about $140 million for the Willis legacy business. And frankly, that's about $10 million to $15 million higher than it had been historically. So there might be some opportunity on the CapEx side, depending on what level of appetite the management team has for investment. 
John Greene: Okay. I'll take a shot at that question related to Gras Savoye, and others are welcome to join in and make a comment. So in terms of the margin performance there, we can expect a lower level of overall margin for Gras Savoye versus the organic margin. And largely, that has to do with some opportunities, both on the expense side as well as further penetrating large clients. So when you adjust for the difference in French GAAP to U.S. GAAP, you get to a margin of about 16%, and that compares to Willis at around the 20% range. So there would be some overall dilution to the margins, but if you go back in terms of the rationale for the deal and how we paid for it, it had to do with the EBITDA that the business was throwing off. There's also going to be some increased amortization, which, obviously, that's not going to impact the cash flows, but certainly will impact the overall margin rates. 
John Greene: And then, Dominic, just one more comment on China. It's about 1% of the combined group's revenue. So the falloff there, it's not like it would have a large impact in the Willis Towers Watson overall results. 
Charles Peters: I guess, I recognize your organic projections contemplate current market conditions, but I was wondering if you could just briefly speak to exposure to things like the energy complex, slowing growth in Asia and the European banks in light of the recent stock market action. 
Charles Peters: Right. And what about your view on European banks and what's going on there? And does that -- I know there's 2 sides of the house now, the benefits side and the risk services side. I'm just curious if there's any take on opportunities and/or perspectives on what's going on there. 
Charles Peters: Just one last question for the group, or for you John. I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks this 25% EBITDA target by the end of 2018, and I'm just wondering what kind of capital structure you have in mind with that target, that EBITDA target, in terms of debt, et cetera. 
