Dominic Casserley: Thanks, John. Before we open the call up to your questions, let me leave you with a few thoughts.  This was another strong quarter, with results driven by execution on our 3-part value-creation strategy. Our organic performance continues to be solid, and we are confident in meeting our outlook for mid-single-digit revenue growth and at least 200 basis points of positive spread for the 2015 full year period.  Our carefully targeted acquisitions made a significant contribution to our underlying growth. We expect that the positive impact of our acquisitions on our growth will continue in the fourth quarter and into 2016.  The impact of the Operational Improvement Program continues to be very positive. We are making excellent progress towards our goals and have now seen 4 consecutive quarters of margin growth in the process. We also continue to expect that the program will turn cash positive, with cost benefits exceeding restructuring charges in 2016.  In short, our performance has been a result of the hard work and execution of our team and staff, driving progress across all 3 pillars of our strategy. This has put us in a position to succeed and create a significant momentum that we will carry into our proposed merger with Towers Watson. Let me spend a moment on the transaction as our shareholders are asked to vote on it on November 18. We are as convinced as ever that this proposed merger will bring together highly complementary businesses and efficiently connect each to new customers, geographies and markets. The result is expected to be an acceleration in the ability of both companies to achieve their goals, driving revenue, cash flow and EBITDA growth superior to what either could achieve on its own. Both companies have the skills and experience to make this combination a success and generate significant value for shareholders. We are deep into integration planning and look forward to creating value for our shareholders, colleagues and clients.  With that, I will turn it back to the operator, and we can take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: So I would say, overall, that we remain very, very confident about our North American franchise overall, and of course, it's an important part of what was the proposed merger with Towers Watson. But let me turn over to Todd to talk about the specifics of the situation. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, sure. It's Dominic again. As I hope we tried to make clear, the negotiations with BB&T were running in parallel with our negotiations with Miller from day 1. And so it was always part of the plan, from very early in these discussions, that Miller would be -- BB&T would be part of this story. It just took longer to close that part of the transaction because of more complicated regulatory issues that had to be gone through by all the parties involved to make that. So you shouldn't see this as a situation where we invested in Miller and then a few months later, we sold part of the investment. In fact, we had always planned for the situation you now see. It just took longer to execute the BB&T part of that. 
Dominic Casserley: So there's a little bit of timing in GB. I'm going to turn to Nicolas just to give a little detail on timing issues in GB. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. I presume by Dom, you meant Dominic, but I will -- we'll bear with you on that one. So the way we think about this is the following. We see the Operational Improvement Program as enabling us to continue to invest in the front office and in revenue-generating activities. So yes, it is obviously improving our economic performance. You've seen the results. You see the margin spread we're getting year-on-year. But it also is enabling us to invest in the business. And so the revenue -- organic revenue growth we're getting today and the organic revenue growth we're getting going forward is enabled by the continued efficiencies we're generating. I mean, for instance, we don't generate over 8% organic revenue growth in International without obviously adding people. You would expect us to be doing that. These are growth markets for us. On average, we think that with the sort of organic growth we're looking at, we need sort of cost growth of about 3% across the portfolio. And then obviously, what we're seeing is the Operational Improvement Program as it plays through is meaning the net growth number is much below that. So that's broadly what we're looking at. 
Dominic Casserley: So we actually transferred some activities from Willis to Miller and some activities from Miller to Willis. BB&T is a pari passu investor in the net Miller business, alongside Willis, on the same terms and conditions. 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Just like they're not benefiting from bits of the Miller business which have been moved into Willis, right? They are pari passu investors in Miller alongside us, yes. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, they're not just minority investors. BB&T, as you know, is one of the top 6 insurance brokers in the world, have major flows into London, and so that is an attractive part of the arrangement, obviously, if you think that through going forward as well as, of course, being an interesting player in the North American market. So all in all, we're very, very excited about the net economic impact for Willis of BB&T coming into the Miller arrangement. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. So we obviously -- and I think because of our emerging track record in the acquisition space and the things we have done and the happiness, I think, of the new teams who have joined us, we get to see lots of opportunities these days. And we are -- all I can tell you is we are extremely disciplined in thinking through the net present value of any move we might take. The -- it is true that certain assets are being priced up, particularly those where the private equity industry is also a potential buyer. So you've obviously seen some of the things going on and going around the North American regional brokerage market, where you often do see very, very high prices being paid. We look at those somewhat askance, frankly, sometimes, at the prices we can't make the economics work. So what we've been doing, as I -- as we said many times, is look at complementary businesses, critically businesses where the people involved want to be part of the Willis family. They're making a positive choice for Willis, not a positive choice to sell, but a positive choice to Willis. And by the way now, some of them are starting to say, "We're making a positive choice for Willis-Towers Watson," even though that is not complete yet. And then we look very, very hard at the economics. And we've got to pass all those tests and all the integration and implementation charges before we will get close to moving forward. 
Dominic Casserley: It's really around the metrics that we are able to use on that program. Obviously, it's the -- it's very simple, basically. Our compensation committee looked at the challenge of our LTIP in the first tranche under the merged company, where it's not possible, really, to use the metrics we have before revenue and profit growth because the businesses aren't combined yet. So the compensation committee had to look at what -- with a lot of outside advice, what was the right thing to do. And so just for this tranche, literally just this tranche, we're changing them to performance relative to the S&P 500 with triggers [ph] relative performance to the S&P 500, because that was perceived to be the best measure we could use for this one tranche of LTIP. It's not a proposal that, that should be the long-term approach. It's just for the specific tranche this time. 
Dominic Casserley: We're waiting -- we're going through -- as you can imagine, the big markets in which we operate, we need to get regulatory approval from. We're going through that process. We're just waiting for a few of them to come through, and we're never quite sure of the timing. And we're obviously, very, very cognizant of the needs of our regulators. But it's the usual big markets you'd expect us to be looking at. 
Dominic Casserley: So as you probably know, Willis has the Willis Advantage health care exchange offering, and it is the Liazon product, just white labeled as the Willis Advantage. And so we've been -- had that as part of our set of offerings we provide to clients, but it has been very much Willis providing a third-party product. The big change we're obviously going to have in -- once the proposed merger is approved and closed is that we will now be operating with an in-house product. We will be, obviously, much closer to the product development teams. We'll be able to think through some of the incentive issues to really make the -- this product hum through our distribution force. But we already know the Liazon product. That's the point. 
Dominic Casserley: So we've given, on and off, updates on that thing, on that process. There's a very long pipeline of discussions taking place. As I described, I think, on previous calls, actually, for a company to move onto a platform like this is a big decision. We did it ourselves. Willis is on the Willis Advantage, and it was a major, major decision. We have a very long platform. The numbers we will have by the year end will be in the teens, teens or low 20s. Maybe in the 20s. Todd, I'm looking at you, and you're nodding enthusiastically. So those sorts of numbers, but the pipeline is long. 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to turn to Tim Wright in a second. Overall, we remain very excited about the Gras Savoye situation. We're expecting to close that transaction in and around the year end. And of course, it will -- a material impact [indiscernible] of our company, the client base and the spread of our geographic reach. We also are happy with the way the business is performing, and let me hand over to Tim to give a bit more color on that. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. So obviously, pricing in the Reinsurance and then spreading into Specialty lines is a well-publicized story. Let me hand over to Nicolas just to give a bit more color on that. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, great. Let me thank you, everybody, for your questions.  In closing, let me just reiterate the following. We are proud of the solid progress we made again this quarter. Despite a challenging environment, we delivered on all parts of our strategy. We are on track to meet the expectations we set for the year. When we talk next, we expect it to be as Willis Towers Watson as we begin the next part of the journey to creating substantial shareholder value.  Thanks again for joining us today. 
John Greene: Dominic, you summarized the key issues there. Let me just add a couple of points here. So we previously gave some guidance that the acquisitions would deliver somewhere between $55 million and $65 million of EBITDA for the year. On an annualized basis, we're on track to hit that. Now as folks on the call probably know, Miller timing was a bit delayed. We were waiting for approval from the FCA to commence the transaction. And as a result, a certain amount of earnings actually that we anticipated when we gave that guidance actually ended up residing in Miller books pre-transaction. So again, on the annualized basis, we're on track to hit the guidance we provided for the year. Due to the timing, we're going to be off of that somewhere between $5 million and $10 million. And Kai Pan, the other question regarding amortization of the intangibles, in the quarter, it was a $15 million increase from the M&A activity. The lion's share of that was from Miller. And a typical life on this stuff is 7 years, and each successive year, it declines. So essentially, it's a double-declining balanced methodology. So hopefully, that gives you the information you were looking for. 
John Greene: Yes. So whenever we've done one of these deals, we try to pay a reasonable price for the EBITDA that the business will generate. And then separately from the valuation that we use, we typically build in some anticipated cost synergies, which would drive margin north. Honestly, the deals we did, excluding Miller, slightly lower margin rates initially, which we think will build over time. And by the way, the price we pay reflected those lower margin rates. So again, we're really comfortable with this pillar, this strategy, and we're happy that each of the acquisitions we've done are performing to the pro formas that we modeled when we decided to commence the transaction. 
John Greene: So you did your homework. So the spending is actually forecasted to be $140 million. We see that coming in perhaps lower in the total year outlook. The range of that is somewhere between $2 million and, call it, $8 million depending on timing of some exits. And the savings rate is actually -- it's been a positive story throughout the program. So we're optimistic that we're going to deliver the $80 million on the savings and perhaps a bit more. 
John Greene: Yes, I try to -- that's getting quite specific, Jay. But why don't I go back to the information that I provided on the last question. So the total year guidance was $55 million to $65 million. I think we're going to come a little bit short on that, maybe $10 million short in the calendar year. But on annualized basis, we'll be at the numbers that we talked about. 
John Greene: Yes. And Jay, the driver, that was actually the timing. It closed just over a month later than we thought it would. 
John Greene: Yes. Yes, Meyer. There was $14 million of gains on disposals that we stripped out of organic and underlying. 
John Greene: Okay. So thanks for the question. So I'm just going to backtrack for the folks that are on this call. So there's 2 elements of the pension credit. So one has to do with the asset performance of the business, which typically is hard to predict. And we saw about $15 million to $20 million of benefit from that. And then the other aspect of the pension benefit related to the freezing of the pension that we did earlier in the year, which drove the balance of the credit coming through the P&L. So both will be in the base year-over-year when we look forward to next year. The one point that we're mindful of, and you folks that are trying to build out projections should be mindful of, is the underlying asset performance of the pension assets that could create some variability in the numbers. So we're -- it's certainly a nice benefit for this year, but it was certainly a lot of hard work on the part of the management team to get us to the position where we were able to freeze it and execute a benefit, not only through the P&L, but on the overall pension deficit, which came down substantially as a result of this. 
John Greene: Brian, no, there actually wasn't anything unusual. So I will say, it's a bit challenging just -- challenging just to take the Operational Improvement Program numbers right off the expense base and then calculate a growth rate. Now as Dominic mentioned about, say, the investments we're making in International and those high-growth markets, there's a certain level of reinvestment related to any of those markets where we see opportunity to grow. So the Operational Improvement Program, as we said initially, the majority of those savings will fall to the bottom of the line -- bottom line. And we are -- we're continuing to monitoring that, and we're actually well within that in terms of what's dropping. So there wasn't anything unusual whatsoever, other than a certain level of inflation and some reinvestments, selective reinvestment in the business. 
John Greene: We don't break that out separately, so I'm not going to comment on that on the call. But I will say that it's -- it was up over 100% versus the prior year. 
John Greene: I was just going to add that on the second quarter call, we did point out that we had some headwinds in Reinsurance from timing. And there was one customer, significant customer that pushed from second quarter into the third quarter, which did help the organic results. But nonetheless, a positive performance from the Reinsurance team with and without that particular timing issue. 
Jay Cohen: I was just thinking from an EPS standpoint, what the drag from Miller was, if you have that. If you don't, that's okay. 
Jay Cohen: Okay. And I assume the fourth quarter will feel somewhat of a drag as well, given that you have those expenses, but the revenues tend to be first half-weighted. 
Jay Cohen: Okay. And I'd say just in general, when there is this kind of seasonality with an acquisition, maybe you did talk about it and I missed it, but that's really helpful, that kind of detail before you announce earnings is really helpful. And thanks for the details here. I appreciate it. 
Nicolas Aubert: Yes. So thanks, Dominic. Last year, we had slightly more business in aerospace. And in space, in fact, in this quarter, this has been delayed in our planning for this -- for Q4 of this year. So that's a seasonalization impact. Across-the-board, we've got good growth in P&C and in franchise and slightly some shrinkage in marine cargo, notably, and in the retail network business. So that's the significant changes versus prior in terms of top line. 
Nicolas Aubert: There was -- so just a minor comment maybe here. There were some releases last year that, of course, did not impact this year. And we had also a slight difference in the accruing of the AIP, so the bonuses last year versus this year. That's one -- the only changes. 
Nicolas Aubert: Yes. Thanks, Dominic. Thanks for the question. Pricing pressure continues, but quite interesting. And because going off you referred to aerospace and aviation, despite the continuous pressure on aviation, our teams are quite successful. In fact, we are seeing some low-digit growth in addition. When we talk about the reduction in consultation, in fact, that's essentially coming from marine. So despite the reduction of the pricing, we see some interesting prospects in terms of growth. And actually, we are seeing an acceleration of our new business growth. If you look at our new business in 2015, it's been increasing by 8% versus 4% in prior. So interesting to see that, of course. Yes, rate reduction continues, but for us, the growth is going to be coming from new business generation. 
