John Haley: Yes. Actually, as -- and you won't be surprised to hear that we're really not in a position to speculate on any potential divestitures. 
John Haley: Yes. So a couple of things. Let me say, first of all, I think our -- when we look at our turnover, say rolling 12 months today compared to where it was a year ago, and I look at it segment by segment, it's pretty much about the same, maybe slightly improved, in general. The 1 segment that is up is BDA. And that's just a function of some of the expansion, I think, of TRANZACT, and we have a lot of turnover, a lot of turnover there.  But overall, our -- if I look at it segment by segment, our turnover is slightly improved. Now at the same time, every time a transaction like a big merger or acquisition gets announced, there are some people that decide they don't want to be part of the new organization. And certainly, we've seen that in some instances. But when we look at it in terms of the overall impact, it's not necessarily showing up as a big overall impact. But we can certainly point to isolated instances where that's happened.  Those are the kind of things we've seen happen before in this business, and we think we're prepared to deal with them, but it is something we continue to look at. 
John Haley: Well, I'll maybe just give you a quick reaction from me, which is that I couldn't be happier with our cash performance in the first quarter. I thought we had a tremendous first quarter last year, and I think we did significantly better this year. So I was really pleased to see what happened. As Mike mentioned, we did have a couple of things that affected us this year compared to last year. But I see continued progress being made. But Mike, maybe you want to comment on that. 
John Haley: I would have to say, Elyse, I think we've seen -- you might see half a dozen people leave here or half a dozen people leave there. And so you see some isolated ones. I think the Western Europe one was probably the most significant one we saw. 
John Haley: Yes. I would say -- so first of all, we haven't given guidance. And the reason we haven't given guidance is because this is such a volatile environment, and it's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen. But I would say this, we feel better about the rest of the year today than we did when we entered 2021. And we also feel very good about our ability to grow with the market and to compete. So we're somewhat optimistic. 
John Haley: Yes. I think the theme that Mike had touched upon was our colleagues throughout the organization embracing what we needed to do during COVID and responding. And we've seen them do that, and we do -- in general, we think these are things that are going to be ongoing. 
John Haley: I mean, I think we always have in mind fiduciary duty to maximize value for shareholders. And when we're considering anything, whether it's acquiring a company, divesting a company or just running our business, so we -- that's one of our paramount consideration. 
John Haley: Well, I mean, again, I don't want to speculate on things, but let me just address something as a theoretical matter. If you were told you had to give away businesses and couldn't get anything for them, of course, that would seem like that would not be a good thing for shareholders. So clearly, there's some price at which it occurs. 
John Haley: Quite the contrary. Our clients are very excited about the possibilities that the new firm can bring to addressing unmet needs. And you may remember when Greg Case and I first announced this merger, what we talked about was the possibility for innovation, the possibility of the new firm being in a better position to address unmet client needs. Clients have responded quite enthusiastically about this.  And I would say, the fact of the matter is, the businesses we're in across the whole spectrum are all highly competitive businesses, and we don't see any concentration risk. 
John Haley: Oh, yes, of course. Yes. I mean you wouldn't have any retention effect if they didn't really know what they were getting. 
John Haley: Yes. So first of all, Mark, thank you very much for those kind words. It's been a pleasure to work with you over the years. And I am actually hopeful that this ends up being my last earnings call and that we closed June 30 as anticipated. So I think when regulators look at markets, they go and they talk to clients, they talk to other market participants, they talk to competitors, and they get a wide variety of comments from them.  Sometimes you could hear from a small minority of market participants and the regulators still put some emphasis on that. So there's lots of different ways that you could look at it and at least have the potential to ask some questions about it. But our experience -- and of course, we're probably going to hear from the clients that are the most enthusiastic about it, I get that. But our experience has been that clients are quite excited about the prospects of the combination. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think, Mark -- so first of all, I think you're right, as we think about any of these things with our partners at Aon about whether we might -- whether there might be some remedies that we offer to regulatory authorities. As I said to an earlier question, we always have the best interest of the shareholders in mind and doing something that makes sense. But we've -- we really we're not in a position right now where we can just comment about any potential and certainly not about press reports, which are out there. And sometimes have some elements of truth, but a lot of times are wildly inaccurate. 
John Haley: So -- yes. I would say that, certainly, the vast bulk of our business is in the EC, including the U.K. and the U.S. On the other hand, we have been meeting with and addressing regulators in jurisdictions throughout the world. And we're committed to working with all of them. We're committed to making sure they understand the transaction and why this is good for the competitive -- competition in the industry. And we're not  emphasizing necessarily one over the other, but it is true that the bulk of our business is in those 2 jurisdictions. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we had -- and Gene Wickes and Mike Burwell and I, when we were first looking at this. And Gene and Mike are the ones who really led the charge on TRANZACT, had lost the expectations and TRANZACT has performed way above our lofty expectations. So we couldn't be more pleased with how that has worked out. This is a very dynamic market. There's lots of, I think, growth opportunities. There's lots of potential changes, which could read down to the benefit of organizations like TRANZACT.  So we think we're in the early innings, second, third. I mean, this is -- there's a lot left to play out here yet, I think, Mark. 
John Haley: Yes. I think we talked about that on the last quarter. We said it was material for the Wholesale business, but immaterial for CRB. 
John Haley: It was the middle of last year sometime, I think, middle to late middle that folks left. But the revenue impact tends to be noticed a little more in the first quarter when you have a lot of the renewals. 
John Haley: Great. Well, thanks very much, everybody. This is the time when I traditionally say, we look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings in later this year. I'm actually hoping the transaction is closed, and we don't have that call. But if not, we do look forward to updating you then. Have a good day. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Thanks, John. And thanks for the question, Greg. Yes, I mean, we have put a lot of effort and a lot of focus to have repeatable processes and our colleagues and I'm working very hard and continuing to deliver, as John said, in terms of delivering that free cash flow. So although as you know, Greg, we are not giving any guidance. But nonetheless, we're very pleased with what's happened here for the first quarter. And as I say, I'm very, very proud and pleased with what the team continues to deliver. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes. We've really been very pleased with TRANZACT. If you go back when we announced TRANZACT, we were very excited about what they brought to the table in terms of their ability to serve the market. We saw it as a market that was very, very strong, and we had put out there in terms of organic revenue growth and as a pretty formidable view over the next several years in terms of what the CAGR growth rate was going to be and TRANZACT has exceeded it.  So as you said and rightly pointed out in terms of where the margin is in terms of improvement and positive for the first time, other than the fourth quarter happening, TRANZACT has been a big, big contributor of it. So I got to tell you, we see it as doing very well. We really like the transaction -- TRANZACT team. And what they continue to deliver, and we couldn't be happier with their performance. 
Michael Burwell: John. Yes. So it's about -- think about it. I don't know, it's in the $400 million range, something in that range. 
