Carl Hess: Yes. Good morning Elyse. Obviously, we prefer never to be revising at all. But we do try and take a measured approach. And when we finally think that look, there's, as we said before, no path that we could see towards our guidance, we want to be upfront with that. As we looked into this quarter, we saw on the pension side, we just didn't see a path to pension income to be at the levels that we had thought it might be going to '24. We thought it was the time to take a look and revise the EPS target.  On the margins, right, the new target really reflects our decision to further invest in talent and the key strategic initiatives that Andrew described, especially in R&B, because we think we are in a fabulous position to capitalize on growth opportunities. We're continuing to advance our specialization strategy and develop innovative products and services to further differentiate our offerings and position ourselves to attract the best clients and talent, that is working. We are doubling down on it.
Carl Hess: Yes. Let me just sort of leverage a little bit on that, Andrew. I mean, first of all, our investments in the talent have actually been paying off in excess of what we had projected, to date, not that we're fully there yet, but the pace is actually in excess of kind of our original expectations. So that does encourage us. But as I look sort of a bit further than the rest of this year, right? I mean -- what we're doing is saying we think we actually have a great opportunity to deepen and broaden what we do. We see the talent we're able to attract and that encourages us, actually, as I said before, to double on what we're trying to go here.  Most of the investment is in talent, but there's also investment in things like MGAs and MGUs deepening our affinity platform and building out the next level of technology within our ICT business to support the insurance industry where we see strong demand. With respect to that talent investment, right, it is about high reproductive talent that can best leverage our platform. It is highly aligned to our specialization strategy. We do recognize that comes with the usual margin drag. This is a typical 12- to 18-month time until we get full productivity out of these people.  But I look forward and say, look, a year ago, we were all about filling gaps rebuilding teams after a period where we had been suffering heightened attrition due to business disruption. Looking forward, right, it is far more opportunistic and looking for talent that's going to drive the most profitable and fastest growing parts of our business, especially the global lines that Andrew referred to earlier.  I want to be crystal clear, right? This is about going on the defensive -- going on the offensive, we are not about backfilling gaps in the bench anymore. This is about offense, not defense.
Carl Hess: Okay. With regard to recruiting, Greg, I guess one thing I'd note is sort of open positions of the company are at half the level they were a year ago. And so that should give you an idea of sort of overall where we're trying to do with recruitment. However, I want to point out that I think we're at a point in time, and yes, Lucy Clarke's arrival, I think, is a testament to this where the choice we've made very deliberately to specialize within R&B is it's the foundation of our growth, and it is significantly attractive to people who can actually help us generate revenue. We think that this is the time to capitalize on that.  And so we do think that targeted investments in our global lines and our industry strategy, this is exactly the right time for those to be paying off. So we're going to be looking to actively find that talent.
Carl Hess: And I'd add, we use that for our acquisition strategy as well. We're looking for businesses where we can be a better owner than the current owner.
Carl Hess: And then I'll just add demand across various parts of our business, right? So while I think we've got a very diversified portfolio and that has enabled us to what storms, we do try to take advantage of conditions as we find them, like sort of demand across the portfolio, as you can see from the segment numbers, the growth remains strong there, and we're looking to make sure we stay focused on the areas where we see the strongest demand in the marketplace, whether that's in the specialty lines within R&B, our Health and Benefits Business, and focus within our Career business in a place where we see demand, which is sort of coping with new ways of working in the new normal.  I'd also add, there's upside in our wealth business, especially in the -- if capital markets stay up and in fact that we're collecting percent of asset fees across a large chunk of our investments business.
Carl Hess: Sure, sure, sure. So as I alluded to a little while ago, we're actually very happy with the progress for our '22 [indiscernible] cohort of hires, right? They've actually performed in excess of where we think they thought we would be at this point in time. But no, they're not up to full productivity yet. As we've said, that's 12 to 18 months and sort of on average, we're about 12 months on that. The 2023 hires, which is a smaller number. It's only been half a year, right, are performing in line with expectations, but that's, of course, early days.  I think what I'm saying with respect to sort of looking forward, right, is we actually see significant strong demand for our specialty approach, and we think that there is talent we can attract under the way we have focused this company, which is different than the way others approach it to able to actually double down on that strategy and push that ahead. So it's -- yes, I think what we've seen from the '22 and '23 hires is encouraging, but that's not necessarily just saying, okay, more of the same. We think that it's actually a confirmation of our strategy and how it's resonating with clients that want us to move ahead.
Carl Hess: So I think with regard to the 50 basis points that we do think that, that gives us the flexibility we're looking for. We can structure compensation, which, for us, of course, is highly variable, especially in client engaging to be able to manage the impact of recruitment.  With respect to morale, one of the biggest screens we use is -- are they going to fit well with the team, right? And that's been our approach historically. We anticipate that will very much be part of our approach going forward. It fits beautifully with a specialization strategy, because you're not looking for a lone wolf selling, right? It's about insights-based approach to helping clients manage risk fueled by data and analytics. And that ends up with someone who's quite committed to that and that by its very nature, makes it more of a team-based approach. So I think there's a sort of a virtuous cycle, we guess, with respect to our approach that actually makes team building easier and minimizes morale disruption that might take.
Carl Hess: So we do see talent as flocking to the flag, right, in HWC as well. Although I think it's a bit different positionally than it is with -- as opposed to R&B. In that we've got a very, very successful leading wealth business. And with already, I think, a very good market position. So we don't -- you wouldn't typically see large-scale recruiting going on in that business. The recruiting is more focused on health and benefits where we do see the opportunity to gain market share. And we're just -- we think our position in broking globally is one where we can continue to capitalize.
Carl Hess: So when I was talking about interest rates being negative, it with respect to the pension, right? It wasn't in respect of the fact that we do receive more interest income.
Carl Hess: No. I mean, we -- I think the puts and takes are a little hard to work out, right? But we do have a large scale as do others, right, M&A-focused brokering business and the freeze in that marketplace is obviously quite unhelpful on that side. So it's as I said, it's a bit more complex.
Carl Hess: Yes. So I guess I would not call it a huge negative, but it's not nearly the positive you might take it on looking at some components alone.
Carl Hess: Yes. So if you look at our pension plans, right, the asset mixes will have a heavy effect here. Our biggest plan is the U.K. plan, which actually doesn't have a lot of equity exposure at all in it as it has a fairly tight asset liability match. It's quite sensitive to both interest rates and inflation levels, because of the indexation of U.K. pension liabilities. The U.S. plan is more -- is invested to work into a U.S. plan would be invested with a mix of both bonds and other assets. But even within the return-seeking assets pool, there's a large part of alternative assets and other diversifying strategies, which won't necessarily move in line with the public equity markets. That protects us on the downside, but it does give up some upside in strong equity markets.
Carl Hess: So I mean if you look at the rate on the commercial risk side, I mean, overall, we're seeing flatter single-digit increases or even small decreases depending on local market conditions. Rate increases across many lines are moderating, but there are definitely some lines that aren't seeing any abatement at present U.S. property, probably being the most predominant one. Remember, we are a very global firm with respect to our mix. And that -- so you can't necessarily take our book as typical for others. But it's certainly in cat-exposed property rate increases are still coming through.  Casualty is a bit of a different story. There's more stability in the global portfolio with relatively small rating increases being written.
Carl Hess: Yes. Well, I mean, with sort of pension funding levels being at a pretty hefty rate -- sorry, compared historically, right, the pension funds are pretty well funded. So the opportunity for pension risk transfer activity remains elevated, and we have a market-leading position that in the major markets. And then the other phenomenon just referring to is we've got an investment business that is a substantial part of that is compensated basis points. And with asset levels up, that's helpful for that business.
Carl Hess: So with respect to rate, I mean, we and brokerage aren't necessarily as sensitive to rate. It is the carriers in that, and I think I've made this point in prior calls, right, when rates skyrockets, our clients will just simply retain more risk to try and manage their budgets. So we don't see rate is having a major effect on our prospects for '24.  I think with respect to sort of general economic conditions, as long as they're generally manageable, we've got a portfolio of businesses that has shown resilience and sort of good times and bad. And so providing clients are so paralyzed by volatility that they aren't willing to make decisions. We tend to do okay.
Carl Hess: Maybe sharp and sudden recession where clients sort of have to swerve in their plans, right, is -- unexpectedly, right, is not necessarily helpful. Although even then, right, that may drive demand for consulting projects that help to manage the changing conditions.
Carl Hess: So I mean, the most retention has been actually quite good, and attrition this year has been lower than our expectations and in line with industry -- our industry in general. So we're quite happy with how that's been playing out. Engagement is a huge part of employee retention, right? And that's often we do research on this, right, within our career business, right? And engagement goes far beyond compensation, right?  It's actually -- there's a number of factors that drive it. And we do eat our own cooking and try and take the advice of our career consultants to create a workplace that people actually want to be participate in, because they think they're making a difference for their own career, for their colleagues, for their clients and for society at large. That's not to say, compensation doesn't play in it, but it's by no means the determinative matter. And I think we're doing well enough that the attrition numbers are reflecting our efforts in that regard.
Carl Hess: And as we've said in prior calls, right, we do think the CMS regs that came out are manageable for us, and we've taken steps to adapt the business to them. So we don't view them as impacting TRANZACT's potential to thrive.
Andrew Krasner: Elyse, it's Andrew. No, it is absolutely helping offset or mitigate some of the continued and then the increased planned investment. And I think what you're seeing is there's some more pressure on the Risk & Broking margins. And while we're incredibly happy with the progress and the organic growth within that business, we recognize there's more to do on margin expansion, both in the short term and the long term. I want to reassure you that we know where the margin drags are and already taking action to address those. Let me walk you through them and I'll start with the short term. So on a year-over-year basis, the most significant headwind was the book of business sales, right? And that's about 270 of the 360 basis point decline within the quarter. In the second half, we anticipate similar levels of book sales as last year. The quarterly pacing of those may vary, but second half over second half should be pretty similar. The rest is attributable to some short-term headwinds, partially offset by the savings from transformation.  The short-term headwinds are from T&E and our continued investments in talent. In T&E, we're seeing the effects of inflation as well as the increase in travel post COVID. We're working to manage this by implementing mandates around essential travel, fare caps, things of that nature. We've already seen some improvement in the T&E costs from these actions and expect that to accelerate during the second half of the year.  On talent, the short-term margin headwinds are just from the gradual and lumpy ramp in productivity for new hires. We continue to expect a ramp in that production, which we do anticipate is going to cover the investments and yield a greater benefit going forward. So as a result of all that, we see the current margin headwinds as temporary and do continue to expect margin expansion within the Risk & Broking and the enterprise on an annual basis.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Greg, it's Andrew. I'll start with the DSO component there. So we do expect incremental benefit from tactical working capital actions focused on opportunities that we see. And that sort of gets reflected in the long-term view on Page 15 in the plus symbol there, if you will. Some of the other actions, of course, do lead to improved working capital management as well. So that is absolutely factored into our plans over the longer term for improved free cash flow margin.  Specifically, with regard to TRANZACT, when we bought that business, we did expect it to be a high-growth business, and we have far exceeded our initial expectations in that regard. And I think that's a testament to the compelling offering that the company provides to its customers and the dedication of its team members in that business. As mentioned in the prepared remarks, the business creates a working capital headwind as it grows. And since we're required to incur significant upfront cash costs, it takes about 5 to 6 years depending on the product to eventually collect all the cash for a sale or a substantial portion of the cash for a sale.  But we were fully aware of the cash flow dynamics, right, at the time we acquired it, and it has evolved as expected. We continue to see improvement in that area as the business grows and matures. We do have that long-term receivable, which we can continue to focus on and will collect over time. We expect the business to become cash positive sometime in the next few years. And in the meantime, we do expect that drag to decline.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Let me start with the book sale question. So we do expect some level of book sale activity in the second half of the year. However, we do expect it to be roughly on par with the book sale activity in the second half of last year. The quarterly pacing of that may vary, but in aggregate over the second half should be pretty comparable.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. The books that we're selling generally have the same economic profile and margin profile as the broader business. So there's nothing specific about the margins of the businesses or books that we're selling.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We won't comment on any specific M&A actions. But as you can imagine, portfolio management is always front and center for us. And of course, we do look across the broad base of our businesses to make strategic decisions about that portfolio.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. I think part of it will be -- Carl mentioned some continued investment in talent as well as some platforms. So I think it will be the payback period from those investments. Another determining factor would be the pace at which some of the operating leverage becomes visible through the Transformation Program and some incremental savings from the Transformation Program as well. So the timing of that sort of is what feeds into the bounds of that range.
Andrew Krasner: No. I think as Carl just alluded to, we do see continued opportunity for talent in the market. So we're not sort of filling gaps at this point as we had been historically. This is more about leaning forward and being on the offensive with regard to our talent investment strategy where we continue to see really strong opportunity for talent that aligns with our specialization strategy.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean, yes, we do expect continuous improvement, but we haven't given any specific free cash flow margin guidance for 2024.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We haven't specifically given that information but if you think about the current year adjusted tax rate it is modestly higher, as of now, year-to-date, and we expect something modestly higher on a full year basis year-over-year.
Andrew Krasner: Not necessarily. I think it depends on the impact of inflation on different components of the income statement. So obviously, there's been a lot of wage inflation over the last 2 years, and that's not just related to new hirers, right, that does impact our existing wage base. There is inflation. We talked about the cost of travel has gone up meaningfully, things of that nature, that is mitigated, right, by the impact of fiduciary income. But as Carl mentioned, we do have some interest rate sensitive businesses, right, that get impacted by that as well like M&A-related products.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We continue to expect healthy growth from that business. There's more to that business than just the Medicare Advantage market where we do sell other products and those products have different financial profiles and cash collection profiles with them as well. So we do make sure that we look to create a balanced portfolio across that business.
