Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd like to extend my gratitude to our colleagues for another solid quarter as well as thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us through this challenging environment. I'm proud of our leadership, our colleagues and our overall resiliency demonstrated by our businesses.  Now let's turn to our financial overview. In the third quarter, we continued to face some headwinds from the COVID-19 pandemic, but we are reassured by the demand for our services and solutions, and by our ability to reduce discretionary expenses and to manage our cash. We were pleased to see another solid quarter of profitability with underlying adjusted EPS growth and remarkable free cash flow growth.  Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. I'll start with income from operations. Income from operations for the third quarter was $73 million or 3.6% of revenue, down 180 basis points from the prior year third quarter income from operations of $107 million or 5.4% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $238 million or 11.8% of revenue, up 20 basis points from $231 million or 11.6% of revenue in the prior year third quarter.  The third quarters of 2020 and 2019, our diluted EPS were $0.93 and $0.58, respectively. For the third quarter of 2020, our adjusted EPS was up 2% to $1.33 per share as compared to $1.31 per share in the prior year third quarter. Foreign exchange had a $0.03 impact on EPS for the third quarter.  Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 27.6% versus 20.4% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 30%, up from 22.2% rate in the prior year. The current quarter effective tax rate was higher as a result of the enacted statutory tax rate changes in the U.K., requiring us to remeasure our U.K. deferred tax liabilities and recognize a discrete deferred tax expense of approximately $11 million or $0.08 per share during the 3 months ended September 30, 2020.  Turning to the balance sheet. As the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve, I believe that we are well prepared to navigate the uncertainty that lies ahead. We ended the third quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion and full capacity on our undrawn $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. We had no borrowings under our credit facility during the quarter. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA has improved from 2.7 at 9/30/2019 and 2.4 at 12/31/2019 to 2.3 at 9/30/2020.  Willis Towers Watson remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and continue pushing forward our cost and efficiency initiatives. We continue to monitor the ever-evolving impact of the pandemic and we're prepared to take appropriate measures as needed to preserve our financial position.  For the third quarter of 2020, our free cash flow was $473 million versus $262 million in the prior year, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $1 billion, an increase of 130% from $445 million for the first 9 months of the prior year. The year-over-year improvement in free cash flow is due to a combination of prudent working capital management and a disciplined approach to managing spend.  In terms of capital allocation, we paid $259 million in dividends and did not repurchase any shares in the 9 months ended September 30, 2020. As a reminder, given certain prohibitions in the transaction agreement in connection with our pending business combination with Aon, we do not expect to repurchase any shares during the remainder of 2020.  As a general matter, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact to our overall financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. However, the pandemic did impact revenue growth, particularly in some discretionary lines, and we expect the effects of COVID-19 on general economic activity could negatively impact our revenue results for the remainder of 2020 and beyond.  The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. In the meantime, we remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility.  The COVID-19 pandemic has caused considerable economic upheaval, but I'm very proud of the leadership team and resolve of our colleagues in supporting our clients during these difficult times. These third quarter results are a direct reflection of the agility of our global model. Overall, we delivered a solid financial performance in the third quarter, and I remain confident in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders.  I'll now I'll turn the call back to John. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, I mean, we would have been a slight -- we have been flat overall to a slight increase. It's kind of really where we would have been for the quarter. Obviously, when we look at the quarter, overall, we look at the year-to-date results. And when we look at that, we feel like we're operating pretty favorably in comparison to the market. And so that's kind of how we think about it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when we look at Miller overall -- thank you for the question, Elyse. One of the things that happens with Miller is they insure a lot of events, and in particular sporting events. And so obviously, there's been a lot of those that haven't transpired or been put on hold. And so that's what we really saw in terms of driving the reduction in revenue growth for the quarter. Now we continue to evaluate strategic alternatives, as we said, for Miller. Miller has been a very strong and performing business for us, but that's the direct reason of why the decline in Miller for the quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So just to repeat back, Elyse, yes, so we did -- the U.K. did raise their statutory rate by 2%. As I said, it had a $11 million -- approximately $11 million impact on our tax calculation for the quarter in terms of setting that up on our deferred tax liabilities. But also, we could not adjust for that on a onetime basis, so that had $0.08 impact into our results for the quarter. So -- and then for the year, we will -- it will have a slight impact for us thinking about the year, but nonetheless, not -- within a -- think about it within roughly a 1% kind of number for the year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. So thank you for pointing that out. It's really the effort by our colleagues. Our colleagues have worked extremely hard on this. Overall, as we have -- as a collective group, as a leadership team in terms of driving and focus on this. So as you know, it has been something a topic of conversation that's happened historically. We've continued to focus on how it is that we manage our relationships with our clients, doing the right things in the face of the pandemic. But equally been very focused on making sure that we have the right terms and we collect our cash appropriately. And so -- as well as pay appropriately.  And so all those things factored into our continued focus on it. And it's -- we're proud that we -- where we sit through the third quarter, and we'll look to continue to deliver as we move forward in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Sure, Greg. So thank you for the question. In terms of looking at S&B, we obviously have -- bring the right talent on board is important for each of our businesses. And in particular, when you look at the growth that we've had in our BDA segment specifically, we've brought on more talent in that particular business overall. Obviously, we have -- think about our overall incentive compensation numbers in terms of -- that we accrue on a year-over-year basis in terms of thinking about it. So we -- it is just a function of the people and our drive associated with it.  We looked at impacting resources overall as a decision of last resort. Not that we wouldn't impact people, but that was a decision of last resort. And so our colleagues have bonded together to drive cost benefits out. And we, as a leadership team, have been really managing that line the best that we can. Yes, it's up slightly, in my mind, in comparison to the prior year, but we've been able to offset a heck of a lot of other costs through that. And we have -- just cut that off immediately with the level of talent that you continue to bring into the organization in terms of what that looks like. So... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, thanks. And Mark, I mean -- again, under the -- we're not -- the fourth quarter hasn't happened. I'm not giving guidance, but just giving you some sense.  Our HCB business, as John referenced in his prepared remarks to it, our retirement business, we're very pleased with its performance in terms of it serving the marketplace, and we continue to be very pleased with where it's performing in the context of a very difficult economic environment.  Our Talent and Rewards business is going to continue to be -- you got discretionary spending that's out there. And so frankly, it's performed better than we expected, to tell you the truth, given where it had previously been when we look back in the financial crisis, on our Talent and Rewards business, and how well that group has done overall.  H&B, we talked about it this quarter, having 1% growth. We continue to believe H&B will continue to perform well. And so -- and that business is very focused on managing its cost appropriately. And so that's kind of how we think about our -- that business. The only other one I commented on is our TAS business. And as John said in his prepared remarks, we had a very -- on a year-over-year basis, we had a very large project that transpired in the prior year. We didn't have it in the current year, and that will continue to have some impact as it looks at the fourth quarter. But again, from an overall margin standpoint, the group has done a very good job in managing its costs overall.  On CRB, the CRB team, when we look at its revenue growth and we adjust for the question that Elyse asked, just in terms of prior year sales, we're pleased with where CRB sits on a year-to-date basis. And when we look at its growth trajectory, we believe that it will -- should perform at market levels, and we don't see any reason why it won't. And the group, again similar to the HCB comments, been very focused on managing its margins properly and cost management, and we don't see anything different from that leadership team in terms of what it is that they're doing.  When I look at our IRR business, obviously, we've divested Max. We will -- in terms of its -- we think it's a very good time to divest of Max. It's a very good business, and we think it will continue to thrive under its new ownership structure, but it's been a great business for us. And -- so we'll have -- obviously have that out in the fourth quarter.  Our reinsurance business, its growth is 7%. When we compare that to others, we believe that's at -- if not market-leading, at least at the comparable basis to the marketplace overall.  On our ICT business, in terms of the group, continues to do very well. They've got some tremendous talent in that business and continue to improve on their technology sales overall. Our investment business increased this quarter 4%. Continued expansion in the delegated investment services. We're very pleased with their performance and what they've continued to do in very, very tough market conditions.  And as I said, our wholesale business was down and we really believe that was a direct link back to the canceled sporting events, events overall, in particular sporting events. And we've seen these kinds of rebounds happen in -- as it relates to the wholesale business. So we will wait and see. I'm not giving any projections there, but we're very pleased with that management team and their ability to be able to deliver, if you look at historical -- their historical ability to deliver.  If we go to our BDA business, I think John really covered that in his comments earlier. Overall, we're very pleased with BDA. And obviously, all the action is going to happen here in the fourth quarter, given the open enrollment period of time. So we'll continue to watch that. But very, very pleased with that team in terms of what it is they're doing.  So tried to give you a little bit more color, Mark, as much as possible in thinking about those businesses. But as John said in his comments earlier, we're going to manage cost effectively. We will spend where it's appropriate to drive revenue growth. And our management team as well as all our colleagues are very focused on that objective in delivering for all stakeholders. 
Michael Burwell: And Mark, back -- thinking about Max Matthiessen, roughly about $25 million in revenue per quarter. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, look, we expect that situation is going to evolve and change during, say, 2021, but I think we really don't know exactly how it's going to evolve. I think we know it's going to be different than it is today, but we don't think it's going to go back to where it was prior to COVID-19 also.  To the extent we have some more expenses, say, travel and entertainment, things like that, we'll only be undertaking them when they're justified by generating the extra revenue. So while we expect expenses to increase, we're going to try to do that only where we also have the corresponding revenue increases. 
John Haley: No. I mean I think what we would say is we think that the services that we provide -- I talked at the end of my remarks about how the -- particularly the services we provide in BDA let employees and individuals take control of their benefits and their health care. And I think that's a theme that you see around the world. Whatever way politicians or the particular methods they use for providing health care, they want individuals to be in charge of their own health care and take responsibility for it. And so we feel pretty good about the services we provide. 
John Haley: Yes. So look, Greg, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, we can't comment on any specific approvals obtained or still outstanding. There are several global antitrust filings that are required in connection with the proposed transaction and the specific process varies by jurisdiction. But I can tell you, we are still planning to submit all of our antitrust filings in required jurisdictions. And we're still expecting to have all clearances in the first half of 2021. 
John Haley: Yes. And maybe I'll just add that, I think, Greg, we've -- we're looking to try to get to an incentive compensation for this year that is around the same as we were last year. Although the actual way we accrue that by quarter sometimes varies a little bit. And I think we did accrue more this quarter than we did the same quarter last year. We're still looking to get to around the same bonus pool. I mean ideally, we'd like to even have it be slightly better, but we're looking to get to around the same bonus pool as we had last year. We also have some headwinds from stock compensation as we get charges for that as the stock price goes up. 
John Haley: Well, I mean, it's too early for us to say anything about what the fourth quarter is going to be like this year. I think that's really just beginning. But overall, as I think we've said on the prior calls, too, we're very excited about this business. I think we were incredibly enthused when we were able to acquire TRANZACT and fold it into Willis Towers Watson, and we're even more enthused about the business today. So we feel pretty good about the long-range prospects here. And we think it's a perfect fit with the rest of the organization. 
John Haley: And maybe I would just add 2 quick things here, Mike, to what you gave there. First of all, I think you referenced this, but just to sort of emphasize it. Our Talent and Rewards business, it's down, but this is a business that has a large percentage of discretionary projects. And we feel like this is -- they have performed extraordinarily well here. When we compare it to what I think others are doing in the market or we go back and we compare it to the downturns in the early 2000s, Talent and Rewards has performed extraordinarily well.  And just to give you a sense of the difficulty in looking at some of these things, I could take our bulk lump sum activity. So we're continuing to expect a sort of a healthy pipeline there. But with this low or near 0 interest rate environment, some sponsors are going to step back from these initiatives because of the reduced funded status in their pension plans.  On the other hand, so other sponsors are going to look at the reduced funded status and say, jeez, we're going to be spending a longer time on the PBGC premium cap because of this reduced funded status. That actually increases the ROI for doing the BLS project. So which of those 2 things is going to be predominant? We don't really know at the moment. I mean we're still -- as I said, we still continue to expect a healthy pipeline, but probably, nominally, lower than last year. But that could pick up going into 2021. 
John Haley: So I would say I think that there's nothing that has been any kind of a big surprise in terms of what we've done with the regulators. I think when we put the combination together, we felt that there were some very good arguments as to why this combination made sense and why there should be -- we should be able to go ahead without any restrictions.  But it doesn't matter what we think. What matters is what the regulators think. And so we've been working with them, and we've been submitting all the information. As I said we haven't been asked for anything, which isn't any kind of a big surprise to us at all. And we're -- as we stand, we've been working very cooperatively and we're on our schedule. 
John Haley: Well I think there's 2 things. I would say that a lot of the work we've been doing in climate change has evolved out of the capabilities that we have in the work we normally do for clients. So we've been working with them on risk management and on having insurance against things like hurricanes or other things that are a result that can be impacted by climate change. So we have that capability and we're working with them. A lot of the work that we're doing, for example around the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment, is not really revenue-generating work, but it is work that we think is an important contribution that we're uniquely positioned to provide to the market.  In the long run, though, climate change is going to impact almost every part of our business. It's going to be impacting the severity of some of these long tail or extreme events that are occurring. And so we're going to have to be helping to model that. We're going to have -- helping to work with clients on risk mitigation. We're going to have to be working with them to building resilience. I mentioned about how we're working with some of the largest financial institutions in the world to evaluate their loan portfolio for its exposure to climate.  We're going to be working with -- in our investment consulting operations, understanding how pension plans and other investors want to take climate into account in their investments. And this is something that actually we've had about a 15-year track record, as I said, of having been -- working on that. And in our Talent and Rewards business, we're going to be working to help put this kind of metrics into executive compensation plans. So we see this as impacting the whole broad range of businesses we have. 
John Haley: I think this is closer to saying, when I went through on the bulk lump sum activity, I said here are some reasons why it could increase and here's some reasons why it might be tamped down somewhat. I think with T&R, those are some reasons why we think it might increase, but it's not like we've really seen a lot of that yet. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, look, we -- one of the things we do with our clients is to discuss the environment and the pricing environment and what's out there. Of course, we like to think we'll be able to do a better job for them than others. So they probably have a little bit less of a rate increase. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on this call, and we look forward to updating you in February on the full year's results. Have a good day. 
