Joe Plumeri: Thank you very much Stephen. Before I give you some concluding comments, I just wanted to give you an update our CFO search. The process is moving along very, very well. It’s a very, very important position, so we’re not rushing it. Shortlist very strong candidates across the board and we hope we’ll make a decision soon so you’ll be hearing that about that I think very soon. So let me just summarize, what I think are our key events. Adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $1.27, adjusted operating margin of 32.2% and 3% organic growth in commissions were positive, organic growth in each segment which as I said before is outstanding. So reiterate the priorities, many of what which you’ve heard over the course of this presentation. Reinforce our sales and revenue culture to drive growth, high growth in new business and high retention rates, further execute Shaping Our Future, that’s going go on for a long, long time it’s part of the culture of this company, maintain – continue to maintain as we have for years. Disciplined expense management to fund that growth and also to be able to fund the difficult environment we’re in and to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and continue to get to the point where we get the debt-to-EBITDA down to the levels that we mentioned earlier. I think all of these efforts have and will continue to position us very, very well for success and I’ll turn this over to the moderator, who will ask you if you got any questions. Thank you.
Joe Plumeri: No. It is not, I mean you – it’s something you and I’ve been talking about for a while and it’s just the suggestion is that the 12 is converted in one quarter, it is not. Its converted over a period of time and when it’s not converted on a dollar-for-dollar basis there is lost accounts in there, there is different kinds of treatments as it relates to the way about stuff flows through so that when you take all of that stuff in the account first declining rates the $12 million is almost de minimis, it's almost nothing there.
Joe Plumeri: A gap of $12 million which appears to be in your particular case and I could appreciate that that suggest that when you take that away from we’re in a growth number that we’re not really growing 1%, to simply a difference of miscalculation in the way you look at it. The $12 million is not converted in one quarter Keith, the $12 million is not, its spread out throughout the year, so that gives you a very small percentage in the quarter, secondly it’s not done on a quarter – on a dollar-for-dollar basis. There are declining rates that are also included in there and there is also included in that calculation lost accounts that we’ll never see again and as a result of that when you include all of those factors, it’s de minimis.
Joe Plumeri: Yes, and another thing I would say on top of that whatever the number is that is converted into the upfront commissions which we’ve done over the last year and a half are work that we have to do to convert them from contingents to upfront commissions. So if you do all of that whatever is left and I think it’s small, it’s not a great percentage of the converted contingents it’s still upfront commissions which we had to work to generate. So when you put all those things together I don’t see that that had a grave effect upon our organic growth.
Joe Plumeri: It’s a question of sector strengthening, some lines getting better than other lines but so when you look at say rates seem to be getting better, that’s not case, that’s why I mentioned it’s more of a mix of the type of business and the lines of business rather than it is a broad book that’s going from six to three.
Joe Plumeri: Well we certainly hope so, I can't make any predictions the economy there as you know is very inconsistent especially in the so called PIGS countries. But I will tell you that the PIGS countries just represent 15% of our revenue in international, but they’re good countries, Spain and Italy especially are very big countries for us but the total is only 15%. So there is a lot of inconsistency, you got Ireland, still not getting to positive GDP but getting better, the UK is positive GDP and that’s getting better. We don’t know what’s going to happen in Europe. We could get more strength in obviously Germany and France but then you got the Spain and Italy thing but I think when everything is certainly done and of course our Asian operations and South America – Latin America have done very, very well. So when you put all that together you got 3% strength if you could UK and Ireland and you got 5% strength if you don’t include it. So well we’re very helpful with everything that we got in place and the consistent results that international is showing that we’re hopeful that that’s going to continue.
Joe Plumeri: Well I’m looking at Don Bailey and I think our management is outstanding. We really spend a lot of time with our producers, I said that and then I’ll let Don answer this but we spend a lot of time with our producers. We’re very intense about the relationship we have with our producers. We have lots of growth oriented training that talks you growing our business and retaining our clients. Our client retention is 92% and growing, but if you take loss for cause, out of that 8% differential, it’s about 3 or 4% that’s actually lost, so that’s a great number. I think that the way we run our practices and our specialisms which means there are practices help our producers feel specialized in the areas that our clients are interested in and if you take all of those things together, that’s the reason why we grow as well as we do. There is a simply a different model that we execute in North America, lots of the time in our branches around the country are spent in servicing our clients’ needs, in talking about what they need to have done rather than a lot of administration and more that’s going to continue as we continue to do more administration outside of branches and less in branches. So I would say those are all the reasons. Well, Don is here.
Joe Plumeri: I wanted to answer that because I wanted to say that I think he is doing a great job and you would say that.
Joe Plumeri: No, it’s what it is, there is nothing else there. I don’t know, I’ve tried to bear down on this issue for what it is. The $12 million gets converted to upfront, it doesn’t happen at one time contingence by their nature, don’t happen all at once, it’s a book of business that is calculated over a course of the year, not in one quarter, and it’s not done on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And it’s certainly doesn’t include because the legacy HRH contingence that they’re necessarily going to be everything in there that’s going to be converted. So when you put all that together it’s just not what it appears to be, it’s not part of organic revenue, the organic revenue growth is there. I tried to explain it as easily and as thoughtfully as I possibly can for you.
Joe Plumeri: And when that happens as I said on a couple of previous calls, we’ll take a serious look at buybacks.David West – Davenport & Company:  Very good, thanks so much.
Joe Plumeri: We were talking about that earlier before the call and the expert on the subject is Peter Hearn’s so I’m going to let him answer the question.
Joe Plumeri: Yes, Stanford Financial law suit, I’ll let Adam Ciongoli give you an update on that, our General Counsel.
Peter Hearn: Yes, I think it’s a combination of all three Keith we’ve had in place in reinsurance a very strong sales, just went for a number of years starting to manifest itself in all of our businesses. We’ve still benefit from the purchase of R.K. Carvill last year on top of the strong North American growth we had but it’s a function of high client retention which is always been a hallmark of Willis Re, strong sales discipline and yes some fall out some of our competitors.
Peter Hearn: I think it’s both Meyer, I think we feel comfortable, we can compete against anybody, any place or any time. So it depends on the situation. So either large or small.
Peter Hearn: Keith not yet, it takes a while for these to percolate through the system. As you may have read in our year report that there were $16 billion of loss in the first quarter of 2010 and it really hasn’t moved the dial on rates at all obviously the rig loss in the Gulf is a very large and potentially could be the largest maritime loss ever, and that could take time for these things to percolate through the system. Usually at a minimum three to six months and more likely nine months.
Don Bailey: And the answer would generally yes, so the point that Joe was trying to make is that we’re not suggesting that there is some demonstrable demands trend in the marketplace where rates are getting better. It’s not the case at all. What you’re seeing is more different products that represent our mix of business in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, that’s all.
Don Bailey: Not really, we just a lot more of that business by virtue of the HRH combination than we ever had before so we’ve got some great critical mass in our core business which allows us to deploy a lot of the strategy that Joe was just talking about. It makes the recruiting game a lot more wide open than it was before, we can recruit from everybody, because we’ve got a space, a critical mass in that space and we’ve got it in cities all across the country. We now have a 130 plus offices all over North America. So our business in the middle market is not one that’s just focused around major cities, it’s a secondary and tertiary city presence as well.
Don Bailey: The other dynamic is just the clients in this environment are looking for more for less. So we’ve got that dynamic that plays out on top of what Joe just described which is brokers who are looking for that elusive organic growth who are increasingly more competitive on their fees.
Stephen Wood: No there wasn’t that much impact actually assets increased and the dollar weekend, so it had a base (inaudible) up.
Stephen Wood: That’s our corporate expenses as we put our hedging through and the amount of hedging that went through their was lower this year than it was last year, so the amount from hedging which was lower.
Stephen Wood: Debt-to-EBITDA at the moment is in the region about 2.5, that’s EBITDA and we expect to go continue to bring that down as the year goes on during this year and to get below 2.5 towards end of this year.
