Joe Plumeri: Thanks Mike. So, in conclusion, we’re very pleased with the results through the first nine months, but I want to reiterate our priorities which we have talked about in the course of this call.  One, to reinforce our sales and revenue culture to drive growth, evidenced in 4% organic growth in the quarter and year-to-date. We just think that in this environment that’s outstanding and we need to continue to support that and reinforce that, so that we can remain confident that that will continue.  Second, further execute Shaping Our Future and our growth strategies. And in doing so, continue to selectively invest in growing markets, and that’s people, I talked about that earlier, further develop our Willis Global unit including Global Solutions which Grahame talked about. Enhance our operating platform to support our business units.  What do we mean by that? That’s investments in systems like Epic in the United States which is, or North America is an accounting system, and everything can be driven off of it, continue to support Eclipse here in London, Will Place which is our new placement system. So that these things in building out our platform and enhance the platform to support our business units give us future efficiencies so that we can continue to run the place efficiency and look to drive out cost in all areas of our business, which gives us the ability to maintain disciplined expense management, as Mike said, continue to strengthen our balance sheet.  We think that these efforts position us extremely well for continuous success in the future. Thank you for listening. And we’ll be very glad to answer any questions that you may have.
Joe Plumeri: We have a very succinct program that we’re looking at to reinforce our ability to be able to produce – continue to produce the business at the levels that we’re producing at. International is a very diversified place, Mark, just to give you an example. It makes sense for us to grow in China. It makes sense for us to grow in Brazil. It makes sense for us to grow in a lot of parts of Latin America. It makes sense for us to grow in the Middle East. It makes sense for us to grow in Russia. These places they’ve been big contributions, and in some cases in emerging markets, we’re market leaders.  So we’re going to have to continue to do what you would expect us to do which is that we’re best in those areas. So our specialisms in London are among the finest and we have to make sure that we constantly reinforce that. And in North America, we’ve done a great job at even reducing our headcount. But, again, where we selectively fine producer hires, we’re going to do that. So it’s not an indiscriminate hiring that’s going on, it is a very calculated, very selective approaching to being able to reinforce our people, reinforce our capability, and you are seeing that in our results that relates to our revenue growth.
Joe Plumeri: No, I wouldn’t say that we would give up the ideas to take margin improvement and to reinvest all of that margin improvement. I would say that it’s the ability to be able to grow our top line at levels that we’ve been growing it, which has been very good, not give up all of our margin, but certainly in a selective approach to investing in our resources, maybe give a little bit of it, but expect to grow our margins.
Joe Plumeri: Sure. The impact of capital markets, which by the way has been outstanding since we hired that Group led by Tony Ursano, has been terrific, has had very little impact on the third quarter. The third quarter as a matter of fact was very, very small, so it was de minimis. We continued to have a very robust pipeline in the capital markets area and we have been retained on a number of fronts.  So I would say that the pipeline, the activity, the amount of consolidation that we possibly see in the business looks like it’s going to continue at pace. But we’re very, very happy with where we are with capital markets. But specifically your question being what kind of an impact was it on the third quarter, which is relatively little, if none.
Joe Plumeri: Well, I think revenues have caught up pretty good. I mean the reason that the revenues were 4% and continue to lead the league. I don’t know what will happen with the rest of our competitors. But I’m really proud of 4%. I mean I’m proud of North America, 2%. I mean, it appears that where we have invested we’re doing the right thing. And I can see it coming out in some of the accretive hires that we’ve made.  You see some of the investment, in the last question, with regard to capital markets, that was an investment we made, that was a whole team from Bank of America that we decided to hire, and that’s accretive right off the back. So I think that there is a catch-up already. You’re going to see even more of a spread as we seed for the future, as we continue to look to the future to continue to grow our revenue in an environment that continues to be by all accounts soft for a long time. So I’m very pleased, I’m happy that we’re growing the revenue that way we are and looking at our totality of our business.  I would be upset if we had great margin growth and it was at the expense of no revenue and everything on the backside of continuing to watch or and never investment, where we still watch cost very, very, very closely. As I said earlier, we’re making lot of investments in our platform. Our platform which is our service hubs all over the world, our technology hubs all over the world, give us the ability to get future efficiencies that you don’t see today, but you’re going to see those efficiencies in a year or two from now. So the plan is working I think extremely, extremely well.
Joe Plumeri: Barring any changes in the environment, I think you should see margins continue to improve on a moderate basis, because I think I have a lot of confidence in our ability to expand our revenue and grow our revenue.
Joe Plumeri: The lines of business, it would take too long to go through each line. But I would tell you that on an across the board basis, I really don’t see and I’m looking at my colleagues as I’m saying this around the room, any increase in exposures at all. We’re still seeing the basic exposure levels that we’ve seen over the last couple of years.
Joe Plumeri: I’ll answer a part of the question. Obviously, we still are looking forward to in early ’11, of buying back some stock that we said that early quarter now for a couple of quarters or more. But that’s still on our radar screen and our ability to do that. We don’t believe that you’re going to see much in the acquisition area with regard to use of our cash.  We think from an acquisition point of view rather than same situations that’s about all that you’ll see. But we’re looking towards getting our debt-to-EBITDA down, we’ve talked about that, and deleveraging our balance sheet, and give us the ability to be able to buy some stock back.
Joe Plumeri: Exposure units in international I think are about flat as I said, when I answered the question about exposures, I speak for most of the world, where I don’t see in very many places other than emerging countries. And, of course, I’m eliminating those places which are obviously like Latin America where exposures are up, the emerging countries and Russia and China.  But in the more seasoned mature countries, and I'm looking at Sarah Turvill as I say this, that our exposures are about flat and I don’t see any rise, I’m looking at the UK, I'm looking at David Margrett when I say this, the UK exposures are about the same as well. Our rise in our revenue growth, in our businesses are coming from opening more accounts than retaining our accounts, that’s where it’s coming from. It’s not coming because rates are better or exposures are higher.
Joe Plumeri: Just add to that, I think our value proposition is outstanding. You can see by the 4% growth in employee benefits in North America where again it’s 20%, 25% of our business is outstanding.  The value proposition I think plays a bigger part with employers wanting to understand more about what their options are and how they can help their employees, especially in a dwindling expense base, where I only got so much money to spend to help my employees and we’re finding more and more in our value proposition as we talk to our people that employers are asking more questions and looking for more assistance as to the best way to use that dollar that they do have. So it appears that even though we’re not clear about healthcare reform, but we are clear about the fact, right, Don, that people are looking for more and more help.
Joe Plumeri: Yes, that’s a lot. Those are lot of initiatives. When you talk about the Captive in Malta is simply to expand our ability. I was at the conference in Chicago for self insurance and I told them that Malta was just another way that we wanted to expand our experience there. As it relates to mining and plastics, I mean what this business is about a specialization, this business is about our investment in specialization.  No longer do you go out and say you want to buy insurance or you want buy insurance from us, it’s about understanding – we have a thing called The Willis Cause, and the first piece of the cause is to understanding our clients’ industries and knowledge off those industries. And by having specializations, by enhancing our ability to understand those industries gives us a greater ability to be able to have our clients feel that we understand them. And then as a result of understanding them can give them solutions that nobody else can give him. So you’re going to see us continuing to expand our specialization base.
Michael Neborak: So at the end of the third quarter, our debt-to-EBITDA was about 2.4 times and covenants in our debt agreements limit that to no more than 2.5 times. So we – our goal is to get it done to 2.2 times to 2.1 times before we would consider really starting a buyback program.
Michael Neborak: Well, eventually, yes, it’ll slowdown. In the fourth quarter the amount would be a little bit larger than it was here in the third quarter. And then in 2011, the total amount will be greater than 2010. And early in 2012, it’ll converge, and so there will no kind of year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter increase.
Michael Neborak: Yes, I think 26% is a good rate to use going forward. I tell you, it could come in at 26.5%. Well, that depends on our income coming out of North America. But 26%, 26.5% is really the rates that I would use going forward as you model the business.
Don Bailey: I’d just add Joe that, as you said, we’ve got the platform in North America that we wanted, and we’re executing on it, and you’re starting to see those results. We’re in all the major cities as you highlighted Joe. We have very good numbers in those major cities and we had a lot of real good numbers in secondary and tertiary cities as well.  So, for us, there might be more niche book plays, book acquisitions that are out there that we can contemplate, but our operating platform right now is very sound. And as Joe said, just running a better business on that platform will produce meaningful yields for us going forward.
Don Bailey: Sure. You’ve got – this business that we’re in has generally been more focused on middle market, lower middle market type business. And there is a segment which we’ll refer to as commercial and it’s defined a little differently across the globe within Willis, as you can appreciate, really has to do with making sure you’ve got probably three things to properly conduct that business.  You need critical mass, you need a proper operating platform, and you need some technology. And when you have all three of those, you can actually take that business for the most part out of the middle market operating environment that is in, move it into a more specialized environment, get a lot more margin out of it that you would otherwise, get it frankly profitability in a lot of that space. So we’ve probably got two efforts going on within Willis right now.  One is certainly and just migrating all of our current commercial segment business to that platform and making sure we get profitability through that effort. That’s been going on and will continue to go on. Relatively there are third-party efforts that we can engage and to grow that business as well. So we’ll continue to do that as we go forward.
Don Bailey: About 25% of our business is in the employee benefits area as we sit here today. Healthcare reform anybody that’s going to get on this call and give you a definitive forecast of what the impact of healthcare reform is going to be on that business is probably a little naïve. We’ve done as you can appreciate a lot of analysis certainly on our own and through a lot of third parties as to how that reform will ultimately play out.  On a net basis, we believe it actually can be positive for us as we go forward. We think increasingly carriers are going to be looking for more value added intermediaries on a going forward basis, we’re already seeing that and engaging those conversation. We also believe that buyers and employers increasingly are going to be looking for more value-added intermediary, not just transactional players, but those that can bring HR communication strategies, wellness strategies to the table as well. So we believe we’re well positioned in that space.  You can start to play through the advent in 2014 of state-based exchanges and what impact is that going to have in your business. Again you get 20 states currently that are suing the government, and so I'm not sure how quickly they're going to adopt those exchanges. But if you look at Massachusetts and Utah, we don't necessarily see those as they currently exist as being threats to our business.  So I think you’re going to have some of them very small life businesses that are impacted, the individual market maybe impacted, but overall we think employers are going to increasingly need our services, and this business for the most part will continue to be distributed through employers. So we think net-net, we’re well positioned, and this is going to be a good opportunity for us as we go forward. Complexity tends to be a space where we play well.
