John Haley: Yes. So I think, Shlomo -- thanks for the question. So first of all, even though we're merging and maybe especially because we're merging, we have to make sure that we manage ourselves as independent competitors during this time running up to this. And so we're not able to collaborate on anything, like, how we're handling the market or clients or strategy or anything like this, so we have to come to completely independent solutions. And so I can't -- it's really hard for me to say a lot about what went into Aon's thing. I think, as Mike said, when we looked at it from our standpoint, we wanted to take whatever actions we needed to, and we have been very strong in terms of cutting down -- attempting to cut down really on all discretionary spending that we have. We want to really cut that to the bone. We want to look to protect our cash flow. We think if we do these things, our judgment is that, if we can do those successfully, they will probably be sufficient. But the fact of the matter is, we just don't know whether we will have to take -- stricter action depends on, in part, on how successful we are with these initiatives we have, and in part, on exactly what the pace of COVID-19 looks like. If we have a V or a U recovery or a W recovery, all of those are different scenarios. And I think what Mike was emphasizing in our discussion is, we think we remain agile, and we think we remain ready to react to that. But basically, the way we approach this was to say, our first and foremost priority is the safety and well-being of our colleagues. The second priority is then making sure we manage the financial health of our business, and that includes making sure we take care of our colleagues from a benefit and compensation standpoint, too. So while there are clearly circumstances where we would contemplate something like that, we're hoping to avoid them. 
John Haley: So let me just comment on that overall. By client, there's no client that even gets up to 1% of our revenues. So when we look at it by industry, we don't have high exposure to any particular industry with the exception of insurance, really the financial, generally, but insurance, in particular, but it's not -- that's not an area that we've seen has been particularly affected by this. So we're not particularly worried about any industry effects, Mark. 
John Haley: Yes. So Elyse, let me just say, I think the reason we did -- the reason we did pull the guidance is because we saw -- the uncertainty had what we considered a relatively wide range. Now having said that, we're very fortunate. There are some industries, like aviation or hospitality or others, that have really seen enormous hits to their revenue. And we're very fortunate in the sense we're not going to be seeing that. But on the other hand, could we see our revenue decline from what it would have been, maybe even at a double-digit rate for the remainder of this year? That's not impossible. We think that's on the more extreme scenarios. But depending on how bad do you think the hit is going to be to general economic activity, certainly, we do well when the economies are doing well, and we do less well when the economies are doing poorly. So we -- as we looked at it, that's kind of the range we thought about, could we get to a double-digit decline, that's pretty extreme, but it's not impossible. So those are the kinds of things that we looked at it. We didn't attempt to do much more than that, Elyse. We did some scenario planning on this, but there are just so many variables there that we quickly found we couldn't get to too much more than that. But I think the good news is, we're not -- I guess, as I said, we're not in some of these really distressed industries where they're going to see enormous hits to their revenue. We don't see that. As I mentioned in the beginning, the kinds of services that we provide are services that our clients need in difficult times as well as in good times. And so we, for the most part, see those continuing. Now in terms of, are there some lags? I think the one area that probably comes to mind the most is, as we've always seen in our Human Capital & Benefits area, in our Talent and Rewards, it's the most discretionary of all the services that we have. And it's the one where clients will sometimes end up delaying or maybe canceling projects when there is difficult economic activity. So could we see that occur in the -- lead into the third quarter from the second quarter? Yes. And that's something that we've seen in prior downturns. The one thing that makes it a little bit different here is that we see some upsides for this kind of work also because clients are faced with new -- having new ways of working, having new deals that they're going to be working out for their employees, and we think there may be some opportunity to help clients with that as we go through. So maybe this is -- Talent and Rewards has some upside that we wouldn't normally see in a downturn. For most of the rest of our businesses, I don't think we see that kind of a lag. I think it's going to be more or less tied to the overall economic activity. I think sometimes in a downturn with Retirement, we can see that we actually have a little pickup in activity right in the beginning because our clients are very concerned with their funded status, with their contribution levels, with their accounting cost, so we actually get a bit of a pickup of that, at least in the very early months of a downturn. And so that might make the third quarter a little worse than the second, but it might be because the second quarter has a bit of a pickup. So I hope that's helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks very much, Mike. And I think one of the -- as is usual with most things about COVID, so Mike is right on point with what he's saying. The only difficulty is, as to how that -- does that outweigh some of the downturn from some of the discretionary projects that get delayed or not? We don't know the relative size of those movements, Elyse. 
John Haley: I mean, I think they just had a good quarter is what we would say. I think the biggest point we wanted to make in the -- in thinking about the impact of TRANZACT or this year versus last year is that last year, we had TRANZACT only at the end of the year, and of course, that's when it's highly profitable in those quarters. And this year, we had them for the full year, and we do have the negative. But still compared to an improvement in BDA, and frankly, BDA is a business that we expect to be strong this whole year. 
John Haley: I don't think we have ever disclosed that. The -- we've seen our -- our travel costs, so we actually have guidance out for our folks not to be traveling right now. And as we start to see things opening up, obviously, we'll be relaxing some of that. But throughout most of the world, we have people not traveling. I think one of the things we expect is, as we come back, and we actually have a task force working on this, we don't think we're going to return to the same ways of working. We think there are some things that we are doing with virtual meetings and with work-from-home that will become a feature of what we do. And so even when we come back, we will be traveling again, but we probably won't be traveling the same way or as frequently as we did. And so we'll have to see how that impact -- impact all pays out. But for the moment, we've had a reduction in our travel and entertainment expense. Of course, we've had some increase in the cost for our web hosting and some of our virtual meeting, but it's been a net savings. 
John Haley: So I think, first of all, Greg, on the regulatory front, the regulators are working virtually. And I think they are, like a lot of other people, it's -- some of this is new to them, but I think they've become pretty good and reasonably efficient at that. At the margin, will that mean that things will be a little bit slower? Perhaps, but I think we don't see this as being an enormous impact. I think with regard to the feedback from shareholders, we've had pretty positive feedback from shareholders. I think they see the value of the opportunity. And they feel pretty good about what we can accomplish as a combined firm. And as I said, I think they see this as the next step in the evolution. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think -- we want to make sure that we have -- we don't want to have people that are -- that we don't have work for in the thing. And I think some of our synergy targets are probably around that. A lot of our synergy targets are also around non-people-related costs also. But I think we'll take this all into account. But we want to be a company, a Willis Towers Watson has always been and I think Aon has been, and I think the combined firm will be a company that offers meaningful work and meaningful jobs and has great opportunities for our colleagues. And I was asked earlier about how our colleagues feel about the combination. And I think one of the things that's been very positive is, people see the increased opportunities that are going to be coming from the combination of the firms, and so I think that's the excitement. 
John Haley: So look, we've had some extraordinarily good advice on the antitrust from some of the leading law firms in the world. And we feel pretty good about our ability to bring the 2 firms together. 
John Haley: And I guess the other thing I'd add is that we have not seen a decline in senior buying as a result of this. I think there's some impact that make some seniors a little less reluctant to buy. But on the other hand, we see more people at home with time to look at these opportunities also. So we don't foresee that as being a major issue. As I said, we expect BDA to be strong throughout the remainder of the year. 
John Haley: So thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Again, as I said at the beginning, I hope you and your families all stay safe, and we look forward to updating you with our second quarter results. So long. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Sure, John. Shlomo, thank you for the question. When you look at TRANZACT, overall, we have almost 50% of our revenues for the BDA segment really come in the fourth quarter, which obviously encapsulates TRANZACT, and although we are seeing nominal losses in the first quarter, being very pleased with what's happened with TRANZACT. So we're seeing, obviously, carrying the expenses in the earlier period. So small changes and lost quarters really don't really impact it as much as what we see really happening overall. So TRANZACT continues to grow very nicely for us. We had 57% growth, and it continues to be very, very strong. So again, just looking at the year, Shlomo, obviously, over 50% coming in the fourth quarter overall for the BDA segment transacting a big piece of it, obviously, we saw some -- continue to see growth with it, and we're very pleased with the performance of TRANZACT. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. So if -- and I'll maybe take it from the HCB segment and give you in each of the segments a little bit further color what we're seeing by line of business. So if you look at our Retirement business, from a risk standpoint, what we're seeing is, we continue to see a lower interest rate environment. So we expect bulk lump sum activity to increase. However, some sponsors may be hesitant and have been hesitant, given the reduced funding stats that they see in their plans. But nonetheless, some maybe wish to act, and they may do it this year or -- and looking at their ROI or they may be thinking about this over the longer term. But we continue to see opportunities for people to look at BLS work, bulk lump sum work, that have diversified allocation strategies and liability-driven investment strategies, such that they can limit the damage to their funding levels. And so we continue to see that as an opportunity. In our Health and Benefits business, our [ HCB ] business, we see revenue opportunities around off-cycle products, bundled solutions and voluntary benefits. We've also been seeing rather high H&B retention rates in some of the geographies, obviously, due to COVID. I'm not putting any kind of changes high on their list, and this is obviously helping to offset the risk of reduced new business sales. From a challenge standpoint, unemployment, with the increases in unemployment and the ultimate result in lower commission -- it has an impact on lower commission revenue just in terms of thinking about it. From a CRB segment standpoint, we're seeing opportunities in risk analytics services, our risk management consulting activities. We are seeing, obviously, in the aerospace industry, and John mentioned this, just in terms of general economic conditions or you're seeing stuff as it relates to hospitality areas, and even to some degree, the global FINEX and finance solutions, lower deal volumes and lower M&A activity, obviously, having some impact overall. If you look in our IRR segment, our reinsurance business, clients are using reinsurance as protection. Damage to investment portfolios and consequent drop in capital surplus means most clients are likely repaying their current levels of reinsurance purchased. We're obviously continuing to see rate increase and a tailwind from rate. And obviously, we are seeing some risk as pressure from clients are continuing to look for ways to look at reductions. And back to the earlier question around TRANZACT, has been very strong for us in our BDA segment. The retiree client interest, there continues now to be a continued uptick and people looking at cost savings. And obviously, we present, in our BDA segment, real opportunity for people to manage their costs, particularly in a pre- and post-65 through our exchange operations. So hopefully, to give you some feeling, flare, what's actually happening across our segments without going in any more detail, John, I guess I think I pause there and just to kind of hopefully gave some color to the question. 
Michael Burwell: John, maybe I'd just add one comment to yours there is that I think it's also just to emphasize the point you made, which is, yes, when you look at our business, for example, in our HCB business, we have a lot of work that is nondiscretionary and repeat. For example, in Retirement that we have going on are recurring work, if you think about it. And the nonrecurring work or discretionary projects, yes, you're definitely seeing slow up and the timing of that is debatable, but it's being replaced by COVID-related support work. The agile of our colleagues and the way they're responding and supporting our clients in the marketplace is truly amazing and what they're doing in terms of replacing that revenue. So sorry, John, I just want to emphasize that point you made. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes. I will, John. Yes, we really don't see a meaningful change as it relates to it. In terms of thinking about it, Greg, I mean, it's a good question. It's something we're obviously looking at. But at this stage, right now, we don't see a meaningful change as it relates to the numbers. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Yes. Why don't, Dave, -- thank you for the question. So let's just think about it, then I'll try to hit the highlights versus every single line of business here. But if you look at our HCB segment, think about Retirement, whether they're being done for trust or for a client, they're done every year. So we have multiyear arrangements that are in place, and we can never take for granted servicing clients. But we have multiyear arrangements that are in place in terms of doing that, so I don't know what the -- you think about it, maybe 70-30 or something like that, that's recurring, nonrecurring interest in terms of thinking about that. And if you look at it nonrecurring, they're thinking about, do they do bulk lump sum work, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, or other types of projects. And you're seeing some of that retrench in terms of the nonrecurring side of that equation. Or -- but equally, if you look at our TAS business or you look at our Talent and Rewards business, people are thinking about how do they manage their workforce, how do they deal with COVID-19. And so we're seeing the nature of those projects either shut off but change, but those annual surveys are very important to the client base in terms of what they're looking for. So we have multiyear arrangements sitting in HCB. We feel -- although the mix is changing, you are seeing some questions around some of that discretionary spend, but people are looking at how do they manage COVID-19 and we're putting solutions on the table. If you move to our CRB segment, I think, obviously, you're seeing general economic conditions. I think John mentioned this in his comments. I mean, look, if you're not putting up a construction project or obviously, you're seeing aerospace or hotels and anything related to the hospitality or entertainment spot are out there, but yet people still are looking at insurance. They may not buy as much insurance, but they still look at insurance needs, and we're seeing that, and we're obviously seeing -- we're very fortunate to see a bit of a tailwind on price. In reinsurance, when you think about that, our retention rates are going up really high because it's not first on people's mind to say, "I'm going to change my relationship. I really want to manage that relationship." And if you look at our IRR segment, in particular in reinsurance, again, the people are keeping their relationships in place, they're multiyear to be there. Our investment business are multiyear relationships that are there, that are included. So in our BDA segment, our long-term relationships in terms of various agreements and arrangements that we have on our exchanges. So yes, like as John said, it's 15%, 20% that's discretionary, but we feel pretty good about it. We're very fortunate to be in this situation to help our clients be successful and manage through it. But we are thinking about how it is that we manage the changing nature of the work and obviously meaningfully going after discretionary spend to make sure that we manage our cost base aligned with where our revenue is. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. If I could, John. I mean -- so Dave, thanks again for the question. I think Gene and his management team in BDA have done an outstanding job of reacting to the changes that have been happening from COVID-19 and being able to work remotely. In John's prepared remarks, he talked about 90%, 95% of our people, our colleagues, are working from home, and that includes TRANZACT. So much so that it's really between Gene and his leadership team, and even specifically drilling again into TRANZACT, have done a really good job of migrating the business to be able to run virtually. And it's truly impressive, frankly, how well they've been focused on serving clients and their ability to do it and such comes back to some of the things John said is we're really asking ourselves, what should be the ongoing business model going forward based on the work that they've done. So I think kudos to our team and the agility of the management team, we feel good about how well they've reacted to it. And just -- we feel very good about what that means, and we're very blessed and lucky to have that team in the way that they've responded. 
