John Haley: Yes. So I think, Shlomo, as we think about this -- so let me just say, first of all, we feel very confident. We had out there the guidance for the year of the 2% to 3%. And we look at this first quarter and we say, we think clearly we're on line to hit the 2% to 3% growth rate for the whole year. And in fact, if anything, we'd expected to be at the higher end of that, rather than the lower end of that. So that's just about the overall. To the extent that timing affected things, it's -- we haven't done an exact calculation of all of these, but it's probably, it makes it look like a more 4% quarter -- in the 3% to 4% range somewhere there, as opposed to 5%. So I think as we -- one of the reasons that we love this quarter because we talked about the first quarter being a time where we wanted to establish that the sort of turnaround that we had seen in the fourth quarter of 2016, that, that was really an inflection point. We like what this shows. We're just not ready to raise our guidance for the year yet though, simply because we think there was a little bit of timing that affected things. 
John Haley: Yes. As we said, for North America, we did see strong client retention levels. But the new business was not as robust as we would have liked. We are -- we think we're -- it had a tough comparison last year. You may remember last year, in the first quarter, North America was plus 4%. And so as we look at that, we have a tough comparable compared to that, the rest of the year was much lower for North America. We expect that, we have been repositioning our strategy, we've repositioned some management. We feel very good about some of the new folks we're bringing on here. So we expect to see some growth as we get into the latter half of the year. 
John Haley: Well, we liked where the first quarter came out. And a number of our European businesses, a number of the countries were quite strong there. And so we would expect to see that -- we'd expect to see Europe have a good year. 
John Haley: Yes, I think the selling season is pretty active. I mean, I think one of the things, and this is particularly true of the large market, that you'll notice. You'll see, we have 1 large client that has committed to 1/1 2019 already. So the larger clients tend to have a longer time frame from when they decide to go to when they implement. And that's because they're somewhat more complex and there's a lot more moving pieces in terms of doing them, but very active sales season. 
John Haley: So I think, Mark, we're seeing a more active midmarket. I mean, I think we see it's -- we've seen a big growth in the number of clients last year. We saw a very large growth. We're seeing the same kind of thing occurring this year. I think the sales season for the midmarket as I was mentioning, it's just a longer sales season because there's a -- we can -- a midmarket client can decide to go later in the year, we can implement much faster than for the large company ones. But although we had this great growth, although we have this great results for the large market, we're still seeing much faster growth in the midmarket. 
John Haley: I would say that the major cause of the big increase in midmarket sales is in fact, the engagement that we have from the Willis side of the HCB. They've been absolutely terrific in doing that. 
John Haley: Okay, great. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you at our second quarter earnings call in August. 
Roger Millay: Well, sure. I think the main point that we referenced in the script was around the restructuring in Talent Rewards. And I think as John remarked in his script, we anticipate that as the year goes by, that impact will fade. 
Roger Millay: I think as you point out, so certainly, foreign exchange would have an impact there. But also, again, the restructuring was a result of -- were resulted in expenses being lower year-over-year. So it was the combination of those 2 things. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So we continue to attentively look at the intersection of business results and related cash flow on our share repurchase program. And we're on track for the roughly $0.5 billion that we talked about. And we'll continue to monitor that through the year, but we're on track. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll lead, I guess, on that. So really, we're pleased to say that at this point, we're on track for all of our targets, as noted in the remarks. And there has been a lot of activity, but we're on track. So it's going well. And we'll continue, obviously, to monitor it closely. 
Roger Millay: Wow. The biggest -- yes, sure. And Mark, we don't necessarily rack and stack them in that sort of way. Maybe I'll just comment on things that are going to build momentum here this year. And one of the things you'd note in John's remarks about the cost programs is increasing momentum, actually, in the second half of the year. And it's really the real estate activities as well as the technology activities that are building now and will be in execution mode as we end '17 and begin '18. So I think there's a lot of focus there right now. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Thanks for that, sorry for blanking. But the thing I'd point out relative to that question is -- and it's really the reason we pointed it out -- the E&O related activity of about $20 million this quarter. So that really, it's all at one time or whatever, episodic type expense that won't continue of that level. And that was again, driven largely by a particular settlement that we booked this quarter. So that really offset the savings, but won't repeat in the next few quarters. 
Roger Millay: Well, again, and I think John might have alluded to it in some of his comments and he might want to make more here. But one, the timing, I would say, is of course, quite real here and there were specific transactions. And they did pull some of what otherwise would have been growth in the second quarter. And particularly, the specific transactions that John alluded to. So we're on track for the kind of overall momentum that we expected for the year. As John said, probably looking more towards the top of the range. And I haven't -- I don't know yet, I think your 1% calculation might be to get to the bottom of the range. But we feel good about where we are and what we thought for the year, and it would be early to change that. 
Mark Marcon: First of all, I'd just like to pass along my congratulations to Roger, it's been a pleasure working with you over the years. 
Mark Marcon: Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing on the midmarket in terms of the exchange business? And then I have a follow-up. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then on a completely separate note, can you talk a little bit about where you think the bigger, the biggest incremental opportunities are for savings, among all the different cost programs that we have now on an annualized run-rate basis. You have so many, and we've already seen some benefits, obviously. But kind of just lay them out. 
