Michael Burwell: Sure. Thanks for the question, Shlomo. I guess, first is, obviously, to your point, we're working very hard on it. We're not pleased with the outcome in terms of where we landed for the current year, but here's what we're doing about it. One is that we have tied variable compensation to the top 500 people in the company to the established goals that we have, and that has been implemented. Equally, that's true for the operating committee of the organization. Additionally, we are in the process of implementing a contract management and cash management system to manage contract terms more directly and consistently, and we've established a contracted cash task force with individuals that are 100% dedicated to focus on improved and sustainable performance in the area. So we're very focused on it, I guess, is the bottom line. 
Michael Burwell: I would tell you, we look at the entirety of the process, Shlomo, and from top to bottom. So every area, we can see that there's areas for improvement. Obviously, we've made some progress, but we'll look at it as a totality of the process itself and are not leaving any stones unturned in terms of going after it. 
Michael Burwell: It's very nominal, Shlomo. It's -- this is really on expenses. I mean it's really small on revenue. 
Michael Burwell: Sure, Greg. So as I said in my prepared remarks, when you look at TRANZACT, for fiscal year '19, it really had about a 30 basis points improvement, so -- and we had originally targeted being around 20%. And so when you normalize that, that gets you more like 20%. And then if you looked at 20.5%, and we've talked about 50 to 70 basis points on an annual basis in terms of what that improvement would look like, that's really what we're targeting on a normalized basis in terms of thinking about it. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So Mark, as it relates to TRANZACT, I mean when we looked at TRANZACT, and we originally did the diligence and understood TRANZACT. With the revenue growth rates it was having, we knew there will be some level of cash implications to it or a drag, if you will, but it was minor. But given the growth rates that we had, it turned a bit more significant because of the build of what we had to do for -- across-the-board in licensed agents, investments, et cetera, to make sure that we could satisfy that what we saw as the market demand. And our team there, I think, did a wonderful job in making sure that they were well positioned to be able to take advantage of that growth. So I think that's the one issue as it relates to TRANZACT.  I think as it relates to our receivables, we just saw it build a bit more. And as I said earlier, I was really looking at the -- from contracting and how we set up the contracts to ultimately how we collect that cash. So contracted cash from a process standpoint, we're very focused on it. So we did see that receivables build. And so we're very focused on improving that going forward. So hopefully, that gives you some further insight. 
Michael Burwell: And I would only add to your comments, John. I mean we always know the fourth quarter is an outsized quarter for us just in terms of timing. So when we sat there at the end of the third quarter, we knew exactly where we had stood. We knew what we had done in the prior year fourth quarter. These couple of points that John just raised influenced it. But frankly, we were worried about working capital build. And that's why we took the guidance down at the end of the third quarter. And in fact, that's what we saw actually really build in receivables. And so that's really the -- one of the improvements that we're looking at is really driving that improvement in working capital. Obviously, the driver is coming back to free cash flow. We've seen some reduction in CapEx. We obviously know operating income is a big driver of it and obviously working capital, and that's the area that -- from a process standpoint, again, go back to from contracting to make sure we are looking at our terms at the beginning until the ultimate cash collection process is really where we're going. And as John referenced, I would not underestimate what this means going forward in terms of the incentives we put in place -- are putting in place throughout the organization. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So as you know, given the acquisition of TRANZACT, last year, we really had nominal share repurchases, which were really just to manage so that we weren't dilutive as it relates to our employee benefit programs, and we would anticipate doing that again as we think about '20. Additionally, when you look at our dividend payments, there are -- $350 million to $370 million kind of range that are there. And then equally, then you got to look at and say, we've committed to paying our debt down related to TRANZACT, as I referenced. If you look at our current debt-to-EBITDA ratios, we're more in the 2.4% range, and we're looking to get closer to 2.0%. So that will really be where we're looking to deploy capital, at least as we look at 2020. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So Elyse, the game plan is to do that. And we're looking to do that as part of our capital deployment. So you should continue to see. And as you've seen us do from the third quarter to the fourth quarter in terms of that reduction, you're going to continue to see that over the first half of 2020 in terms of us really addressing that outstanding balance, which will obviously have the corollary effect to interest expense. 
Michael Burwell: I mean we continue to see is -- with those kinds of growth rates that are there, Yaron, which we projected out over the next 4 to 5 years, we're continuing to see that. But we only -- look, from a cash standpoint, we only see it about a year out in terms of -- so with growth rates we see over the 5 years, we really see the cash side of that equation really starting to go only a year or so in terms of its drag on cash. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean we've got a lot of factors in that first quarter. As you rightly said, I mean we were attacking all the contractual terms that we have to be in place. We're aligning it from a variable compensation standpoint. But we also have the bonus payments, we have tax payments and those amounts that come in there. And candidly, we're looking to make sure we meet what we're saying we've put out there in terms of expectations around. So that's the game plan. I understand what the logic where you're going, but we see the first half of the year being more of a use of cash and really see it. And if you look back historically in the company, you really see it build over the second half of the year with the fourth quarter being outsized in terms of cash coming in. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean your calculation -- your math calculation seems maybe a little high just in terms of how you calculate it. We didn't have it quite that way. So it may be a flat to slight decline really is kind of how we've looked at it, Yaron. So that would be our thoughts in terms of the numbers, just to give you that feedback. 
Michael Burwell: No. Actually, we've been going after that. So it hasn't been. If anything, we've been really making progress on collecting some of the older stuff that we've had in terms of dealing with it. So no, no change in policy, no accounting change, and nothing that way. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean you look at it on a year-over-year basis, I mean at the beginning of December 2018, and how it rolled into January of '19 in comparison to December of '19 and how it rolls into '20, there's definitely some element of that. And so it's difficult to absolutely quantify it. But I think to your point, yes, I think that there's some portion of that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. There's definitely multiyear arrangements that are included in there, and there is definitely an impact that's there. But the other thing, I guess I'd just point out, our Reinsurance business, in particular, was very strong as well as our Investment business, as John commented in his opening comments there. I mean overall -- so yes, there is some impact to that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Just a reminder, back -- remember, we acquired TRANZACT in July of 2019, right? And you go back from that acquisition, you had 5 months of revenue and 5 months of expense. Obviously, we're going to have it for a full year as we look into 2020. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, we really -- we're not really -- don't disclose the individual deals or the -- those particular aspects to it. 
Michael Burwell: No, we -- no, we don't see that way. As we look at next year, we don't see that, Mike. No. We see them in a reasonable... 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So starting with your last question first. Yes, TRANZACT, I mean as soon as we get to same-store sales, then we will include it in there from an organic growth standpoint. In terms of your question about tailwinds on organic growth. Yes, in certain of our business, we -- if you look at it, we've seen some pricing. So if you look back to our marketplace realities report that we put out, most recent one in November 2019, you definitely continue to see price in the marketplace continues to be a tailwind, but equally obviously we got to do the right thing for our customers and clients and thinking through that. But we have seen some pricing tailwind come through that. And if you look at our organic growth rates, we've been right at the market and we look at our peers in terms of what we've been growing at. So when we put out there for organic growth rate for the current year, we had 4% to 5%, and we build our budgets, and we've been pretty consistent around it, looking at 4% in terms of how we're more skewed that way in terms of how we think about it. But we're being realistic in recognizing the tailwinds that we see out there. So that's why we went with 4% and 5%. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Mike, we really haven't disclosed that. So I appreciate the question, but we really haven't given that information. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean what -- in a sense that -- we kind of know where the patterns have been. I guess, we said a couple -- responding to a couple of earlier questions. In that, we obviously pay bonuses -- cash bonuses. At the end of the first quarter, we have tax payments. We have some real outflows of cash. But then we start to see a build through the rest of the year. And the intent is obviously to really deal with that term loan that's out there over the first half of the year or by the end of the second quarter. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when you look at the full year, it will be accretive overall. Again, just going back, when you look at and we talked about this in terms of where the margins ended up in the fourth quarter, we're actually down for BDA overall. And that being down was, although TRANZACT has very good margins and we're very pleased with their margins, you only had 5 months of expenses and 5 months of revenue that was included in there. And so the margin was a bit higher, and we've normalized that as we think about fiscal year '20. But as to your first question, it is absolutely accretive, and we're excited about -- with that growth and what we're going to see. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think -- look, Shlomo, when we bought TRANZACT, we expected this to be, at least for the short to medium term, a relatively high-growth business. And we had a business case, I think, where it was going to grow in excess of 20%. That's the basis we did the deal on. And we thought there was even a possibility that revenue growth could get to 30% or even 35% in the first year. We actually passed -- surpassed all those, we grew by over 50%. And it has been -- our TRANZACT colleagues have just done a terrific job of gearing up and taking on all these -- all this additional revenue. Our Medicare Advantage grew by about 94%. So very good growth there and what's probably the most important part of that market. We expect that -- we still have this expectation that we're going to continue to see this to be a high-growth business for the short to medium term. And even though we have a pretty tough comparable and a base we're building on, we're still expecting to see over 20% growth for the next several years. 
John Haley: I think our folks really worked hard with clients and delivered in the fourth quarter. I did call out we had some onetime projects in construction and natural resources, which were a big help to that. And that's actually the nature of construction and natural resources projects tend to be more episodic than in some of the others. So we had a couple of those. But frankly, Greg, when you look at it, our growth was really pretty much across-the-board. It wasn't like we just had one area that was way ahead of all the others. They all performed, I think, at the top of what we might have expected. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, BDA is one we've been talking about for a while now that with the tremendous success we've had penetrating that market over the years, there's still opportunities left, but the opportunities tend to be more a few mega opportunities that are episodic now. And so we're not surprised. The sales cycle on these large ones take some time, and we're continuing to work on them. So we'll see some years where we have a big jump up, but I don't think you're going to see the steady growth because you don't have the same pipeline of clients there. It's one of the reasons why we're really focused now on our technology and operations to make sure we maintain our market leadership as the go-to marketplace for the Retiree medical. 
John Haley: Sure. So look, you're right, we're not in a position to provide any real details right now, but let me tell you this. The Willis Towers Watson Board of Directors, of course, they're the ones who lead the succession process for the role of CEO. And the Board acting through the governance committee is actively engaged in the whole succession planning process. And this isn't something that has happened this year or last year or even just the year before. This has been a multiyear thinking about what our talent is and how we bring them along and how we develop them. And so the Board and the governance committee have been regularly involved in that. They meet with me and our Head of Human Resources on a regular basis. We've engaged a third-party to make sure we have an outside look at the experience and attributes of our candidates. Our expectation is that we will name a new CEO in the second half of this year. So we're going to make sure we have enough time to allow an orderly transition. But other than that, that's pretty much all I can say at the moment. 
John Haley: Yes. Let me just -- and Mike may want to weigh in on this. I mean look, the CRB in North America growth, I think, was 11% in the fourth quarter, 11% is a real big number. But they had very good growth even throughout the year, not as high as 11%, but still a very good growth throughout the year. I think when you talk to folks in the industry, generally, the middle market, in particular, in North America is one that people are focused on, and it's one of our relative strength. So we feel pretty good about that. I mean I know when we talked about our projections for this year, there was some question of was our -- why our revenue growth projection is more modest. And what we said was we prefer to budget on a more modest basis, but we thought we would make sure we grew as fast as the market or faster. And I think we've delivered on that. And that's pretty much the expectation, I think, we have going forward.  I think cyber is something where there is fantastic opportunity long run. I think that's going to require the market developing the right kind of policies and the right kind of solutions for clients. I don't think the market is there yet, but I think we're moving towards that. And as we do, it'll be a tremendous opportunity. 
John Haley: Yes. No, we -- look, we -- obviously, we don't disclose our -- we don't get into all the details of how we do it. But Mark, when we build our overall growth for the company, we do it segment by segment, almost line of business by line of business. So we go through, and we do think, for example, I mean, and just as one clear thing, CRB is going to grow faster than Retirement. We just pretty much know that. So we build the models that way, but -- and then we just give a revenue growth for the company. 
John Haley: Yes. And maybe I could just mention that, Mark, when you -- when we think about this, we had the -- we had TRANZACT. And as Mike said, when we first did it, we had the deal cost for TRANZACT, and we knew we would have some sort of impact just from financing the growth there. We thought, well, we're not going to bother updating our forecast for that. It turned out the growth was bigger than we expected, and it became a more sizable number as a result of that.  I think the tax payments were a surprise to us. The cash tax payments being than what we had projected. And that's one of the things that, I think, Mike has done a good job of putting in a much better forecasting system for this coming year, so that we won't have those kind of surprises. But that -- a better forecasting system, which we needed because clearly, we missed some things. And then also we were focused on improving our cash collection, but we were focused on improving it without having the right kind of incentives built in to our whole compensation system. And the fact that we're now building these right kind of incentives, and I think some very significant incentives into improving our cash collection, gives us a lot more confidence going into this year. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, we actually lowered our cash forecast last year from the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion down to, what, $900 million to $1.1 billion, we had said it would be. So we -- excuse me. We kept -- we said $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Okay, lovely. We were concerned about where it would come, I guess, anyway. But the -- look, we had -- the TRANZACT was bigger than we thought. We had the cash taxes, and the cash taxes were about $130 million higher. And so we knew that was going to be weighing on us to begin with. And then we had the -- the decline in receivables, though, was something that we did not expect. That was something that was a surprise to us. 
John Haley: Well, we're sort of laser-focused on what we're going to do for next year right now. But I would say, if you look at us where we're growing, our guidance of $1 billion is after we anticipate paying the Stanford settlement, too. So it's closer to a 30% to 35% growth in free cash flow. 
John Haley: Well, I mean I think -- so Elyse, just like we do the revenue growth in response to Mark Marcon's question, I was saying, we project our revenue growth line of business by line of business and then build that up to company here, and the revenue growth is not the same across all of them. We project our margin line of business by line of business. And certainly, we see more opportunities for margin improvement in CRB, where we're trailing some of our peers in terms of what we have been, say retirement, where we're ahead of our peers. So those are reflected in our projections, yes. 
John Haley: It does take the TRANZACT drag into account, so I start with that. I think Stanford, it seems like it's at a place where we should be able to pay up. But we've thought for a couple of years now, we would be able to pay it, and the court system drags things on longer than we had thought. We don't have a particular time when we're estimating it during the year. But we will alert you when we've made the payment. And then clearly, there's a lot of seasonality. Our cash flow is highly skewed towards the second half of the year. We have tax payments tend to come in the first quarter. We have our bonus payments in the first or second quarter. And so we have a lot of cash strain in the beginning of the year. 
John Haley: And I would just point out that the changes to the variable compensation plan, which are -- I mean we've discussed with the Board and the comp committee, they won't be formally put in place until the end of this month at our Board meeting, but we've discussed making these changes with them. So we'll have those in there, but they weren't in last year. And so we'll see the impact from them in this year. But I would hesitate to ascribe any effect to them from last year. 
John Haley: Well, there is a bit of a portfolio shift. Retirement is -- which is the most profitable, is growing slower than some of the others. 
John Haley: But I mean, I think if you think back to a year or 2 ago, when particularly Insurance Consulting and Technology Investments were slow growing, and we said we thought we like the future outlook for them. And I think we're seeing that come to fruition this year. So we like where they were positioned in 2019. We feel good about them going forward. I'm not sure they're going to grow as fast as they did in the quarter of 2019. But we like our positioning and we like our growth prospects there. And I think, we feel the same way about Reinsurance. Look, the whole Reinsurance market was very positive. We're very strong in the fourth quarter. We think we grew as fast as anybody else or faster. And so we feel good about that. And we think we'll perform well against the market in the future. 
John Haley: And the problem with doing that, too, is there -- when there's a couple of notable ones, we note them. They say, "Oh, those are big ones," but there might be a lot of other smaller ones, and we just don't have a system for aggregating them. 
John Haley: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add to that is that pricing is only one part of the equation for us in the revenue because as prices go up, people buy less of it. And so it's the net, that is what we're trying to solve for. 
John Haley: But accretive, but lower percentage margins. So the TRANZACT margins, when we bring TRANZACT in, it adds to the dollars of earnings we have, but it's a lower percentage. 
John Haley: Not that different compared to our regular exchange business. Our regular exchange business is a little less seasonal than TRANZACT, but not... 
John Haley: We don't go into -- we don't do that. We're saying, we want to do things by line of business in this segment. 
John Haley: Yes, we build it up. And that was an answer I made to an earlier question. We do build up our things by -- differentially by segment in terms of revenue growth and in terms of margins. So it's -- that's clearly impacted. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to seeing all of you in March. 
