John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Greg. And I think you're absolutely right the way you've characterized the quarters over time. And one of the reasons that we spent some time talking about the first half today is we don't think the momentum is slowing in the second quarter, but we do think we have to look at the whole first half together. I think, last year, we, I think, did a good job of alerting analysts generally to the fact that we saw the first half as being -- the first quarter as being stronger than the second quarter and maybe absorbing some of the revenue. We didn't necessarily see that this year, but we think that that's certainly what happened. There was a -- there's a component in that. But when we look at it, we think that the first -- the revenue growth for the first half is a better indicator of what the second half will look like rather than the revenue growth for the second quarter. 
John Haley: I think that's right. And some of these businesses are a little more subject to just timing differences than others. So retirement doesn't really see much of a timing issue at all, and that sort of marches steadily along. But if I look at Talent and Rewards or if I look at the broking business or the reinsurance business, they're subjected timing changes from income, too. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks, Shlomo. I -- the investments are pretty much tracking the way we thought they would be. So there's no step-up in there. I think the -- we see these adding to our margins, I would say, beginning in 2020. 
John Haley: Both. It should be both. I'm sorry, I thought your question was related to margins. But yes, it should be both. 
John Haley: Yes. I think -- so the part that we were talking about with timing was related to some of the products in T&R. And so that revenue gets recognized when we deliver the products. And sometimes, things that we might expect would be -- get delivered in June get delivered in July instead, so they move over. So that's the timing issue. I think, generally, we would expect T&R to be up when unemployment is low and when there's more competition for folks. I think some of the uncertainty in various parts of the world, though, may have limited people's appetite for some of those projects. But T&R is clearly an area where it was lower than we had expected. In fact, we had a revenue decline in Talent and Rewards, and that's something we need to address going forward. 
John Haley: Well, I would say that it's not necessarily we see that there needs to be a rightsizing. And I think -- again, we think the better estimate for what the second half will look like is the first half as a whole as opposed to the second quarter results. But I do think in Talent and Rewards, our expenses will probably -- we had a good end to last year and then a good first quarter there. And I think we were building up our expenses on the assumption that, that would continue and we need to be -- we need to do a better job of expense management there. 
John Haley: No, it was -- overall, retirement had about a 3% growth, and bulk lump-sums was one of several contributing factors. But it wasn't an enormous difference. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- and we said really from the beginning that the first, certainly, 2.5 years or so, we didn't expect we would be doing any sizable deals at all unless they were really quite unusual, just really rare and unique opportunities. But I think we feel pretty good about where we are in integration, and we feel that 2019, we'll certainly be in a position to consider deals. 
John Haley: We don't actually -- we will get -- we won't have information on that right yet. But I don't think there's anything that would cause us to think it's off, so. 
John Haley: I think as we would -- as we look out, there's some of the -- we're in about, what, 120-plus countries around the world. And so we're pretty much in most geographies. Some of them we may like to be a little bit bigger in them, so we might be looking at some particular geographies here or there. But there'd be -- there aren't any that we would be newly entering as to where we go. When we look at the segments that we have, we're in a pretty strong position in most of the businesses we're already in, which makes us think that we're more likely to be looking for some close adjacencies rather than businesses that we're already in. That would be slightly more likely that we'd see acquisitions like that. 
John Haley: Well, I think -- no -- that's fair enough. I think transformational acquisitions come up relatively rarely. So it's not clear you can -- I mean, we're certainly open to those things if they present themselves, but they're not something we would be banking on. 
John Haley: Yes. And I guess, Mike, I would just also add like, we did have 130 basis points improvement. I don't consider that nothing. 
John Haley: Yes. I actually think it's a combination, Ryan. I think -- we expect, as I said earlier, to be growing as fast as the market or faster. That's our expectation of what we'll do. And although we didn't do that in the second quarter, we did it for the whole first half of the year. And so when I look to 2019 and beyond, we still expect to be doing that. And so we expect to be seeing that hope on margins. But at the same time, we think that -- we think that there's a lot of things we can do to improve the overall efficiency. And so we expect to see some margin improvement from that, too. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking with you at our third quarter earnings call in November. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. I mean, when we look and think about the CRB point [ indiscernible ] that you raised, we look at it and say, we had been making some further investments in resources around cyber, M&A resources that we have deployed into the CRB segment. FX impacted by 70 basis points just in terms of margin for the quarter. And we also -- as we mentioned in the press release, contingent revenue was down a bit for us, specifically in the U.K. that we had seen. So again, we focus on the annual margins overall. As you say, 1 quarter doesn't make a year either 1 way or another, and so we are focused in terms of where they are. But as John said, it's a little bit below where we'd like it to be, but we're optimistic about what the recovery will be over the second half of the year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, we obviously look at the pipeline of growth. We look historically in terms of what that growth has been. If you look overall, third quarter generally is lowest and first quarter being the strongest and fourth quarter being the second strongest. When we look at starting the year every year, we have 93% retention rate in our clients. So we have a pretty good visibility in terms of what those clients are doing and what we've seen over the first half of the year and what the expectations are over the second half of the year. So in addition to our pipeline management as well as our historical view, that's what's giving us that perspective. And equally, as we look at the marketplace, continues to be very strong as evidenced by, as you say, our -- looking at our competitors and the strength in the marketplace. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. As it relates to GB, we did see weakness there, particularly around contingent revenue that we look to have. When you look and think about some of the market assessments and views that were going on, it's created a damp in a bit of the marketplace in terms of that outlook, not only today but looking into the future. So -- and equally, you got Brexit still going on there and it has not been completed. And so that's paused people a bit just in terms of how we're going to operate into the future, though we're very confident in terms of how we're going to operate. Nonetheless, we've seen that dampening overall in terms of GB and, indeed, saw GB down for the second quarter. Although international was very strong for us outside of GB, and we've seen international grow at 8% and North America grown at 3%. And so we feel pretty good when we look at the overall view of it. So as I said before, we have a pretty good sense of renewals and our client base in terms of our 93% retention of our clients. And so we feel -- that's what gives us that optimism in terms of looking out over the rest of the year as well as the strong market conditions. So Mark, I mean, that's -- I guess that's what I would respond to your question, make sure I hit your -- responded appropriately to what you were looking for. 
Michael Burwell: Looking at expenses, it's a tale of 2 challenges. One, anytime you're obviously managing people, it's -- when -- you have to go through a process in terms of to the extent you were to rightsize talent. We don't believe that's the great answer for us overall in terms of thinking about that right now, but nonetheless, you need -- there's a bit of a notice period, it just doesn't happen immediately, particularly in GB. But equally, there's a lot of discretionary expenses that we can turn off immediately if, indeed, we need to do that. And our track records, collectively between John and myself as well as our local leadership, has been able to be able to be very agile and be able to make those types of decisions if, indeed, we need to. And -- but nonetheless -- so that's kind of, as we look at the expense situation in terms of managing it and how we think about both of those avenues. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Why don't I start with the second question first. On BDA, I mean, we continue to see strong demand for individuals. And in particular, when we think about our outsourcing activities that we're doing overall in North America has been very strong demand. So when you think about our overall health and wealth kind of positions have been places that we feel we're doing very well and outperforming the marketplace, and obviously, BDA being one of those. As we reflect on it, I mean, we believe we have a very strong market position. We've got a very strong platform that we continue to invest in, and we've got a very strong management team in terms of leading that business in terms of how it is they're driving it and winning in the marketplace. So we're very optimistic about it. And the other piece is, again, we are one of the only noncustodial banks that are out there that can play in this particular space in BDA. And we continue to make sure we've got the quality right around our Via Benefits solution and what that means for us. And we're dogfooding that on ourselves as it relates to Willis Towers Watson. And we continue to work really hard to make sure that quality is right as we continue to think about how it is that we bring that to the marketplace. So we're very excited about the BDA business, what it's been doing, how it's been performing and all those things lining up. As it relates to the revenue base, I'll give you the exact number, but my recollection is roughly around $15 million to $20 million in terms of divested businesses in the current year, the impact. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No, Kai, I mean, I would tell you, I think we're very -- still very bullish and excited about the Miller business. What we had seen was one of timing. I'm not aware of any -- or John are aware of any resources that create us any real concerns. I mean, obviously, in any business, you have people that come in and go out, and obviously, you don't want to lose any key individuals. But we've got a really strong leadership team that's leading our Miller business overall. We're very supportive of them. And the conversations that we've had with them have been about really continue to grow that business and are very excited about the prospects for it. The timing issue, we'll get you the exact number. Rich'll follow back up with you, Kai, just to get you that exact wholesale number overall. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, directionally, that seems to make sense, Adam, but honestly, I think we'll come back to you and give you more direct guidance as we go through the rest of the year. As we come into the fourth quarter, we'll give you a forecast as it relates to what we believe that will be for next year. So at this stage, I think it'd be -- I think directional guidance what you're saying makes sense to us, but I wouldn't give any more guidance than that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No, it's a good question, Elyse. I mean, ultimately, what we're looking at is a range, right? And so we think about that as we give it at $9.88 to $10.12 as a range. Obviously, based on that, we think we'll still be in that range. You could think about us in the middle or the higher or the lower end, between it, but we feel comfortable we're in that range. And I think you summarized it appropriately. And we think we're still within that range in terms of how we add everything that's included in there. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So we'll look to give you guidance on that in the end of the year. Directionally, I mean, just -- there are certain things that we continue to work through that we need interpretations from treasury to help us understand certain implications in terms of our planning. Clearly, we continue to get more and more information. We continue to do more analysis every quarter. And obviously, that's what's reflected in our ranging it at 22% to 23% and bringing that down from 1%. When we look at potential implications, we could see it potentially going higher, but I wouldn't -- I'm not giving you that guidance at this stage. I will do that as we comment in the end of the year. So it's something that -- honestly, I wish I could just give you more view that these are the rules. The rules continue to get interpreted. We continue to use our folks as well as advisers in working through that. And at this stage, I think there's pressure on it, but I wouldn't get you specific guidance to, Elyse. And I'm trying to give you as much as I can based on what we know right now. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, I mean, I guess I would view it -- again, as John said, I think a little bit more timing than we originally had thought. I mean, that actually happened in the first quarter versus the second quarter. I think retention rates, we don't see a real decline in retention rates overall. New business, yes, to your point, we had seen a little bit less new business that actually came our way in terms of those amounts because, obviously, that's what resulted in those lower revenue numbers versus the marketplace. So yes, I think it's all 3 of those. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So thank you for the question, Ryan. I think as John mentioned, our T&R business was a contributor to it. We are working very directly in terms of driving revenue growth as well as expense management in terms of thinking about that business and the impacts that, that would have directly on margin. [ We are -- ] as we mentioned in terms of investments, are consistent with what our plans are. But I think we know where the levers are in terms of being able to manage our expenses appropriately, and we will look to do that. And we kept line of sight as to what that will mean in terms of the second half of the year. So that's what's giving us and me the confidence about us and our operating committee and the way that we can deliver those results. 
Michael Burwell: It's a good question. We're hopeful that it doesn't recur in terms of thinking about it. Obviously, depending on the marketplace, where interest rates are has an impact on it in terms of people leaving the plan and being encouraged to do that and their financial advisers advising them to do it. So we saw -- last year, we've seen it through the first half of this year, but we continue to watch it and monitor very, very closely. And we're hopeful that it's not a recurring event. But I -- right now, I can't tell you that it's not going to continue to be the case based on what we continue to see happen overall. 
