Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. Let me summarize with a few brief comments. These are exciting times for everyone here. We generated strong performance in the second quarter and first half of the year. Faced with an uneven broader market and some anticipated headwinds, we executed against our strategy and effectively managed our costs. Our organic performance continues to be solid, leading us to increase our guidance to 200 basis points of positive spread. Meanwhile, our execution as it relates to both our M&A and our operational improvement continues to be strong. After closing a number of successful transactions in 2014 that are adding to our performance this year, we have embarked upon and are delivering against a still more ambitious strategy in 2015. We further strengthened our position as a premier London specialist broker with our acquisition of Miller Insurance, while our pending acquisition of Gras Savoye expands our geographic presence and exposure to our multinational client base. And of course, there is a proposed merger with Towers Watson, a transformational transaction that will create significant opportunities for growth and value creation. In each case, we have identified a transaction with a strategic partner who brings synergies in client service and operations across geographies. I am confident in our ability to succeed in each of these endeavors. We've done all of this while successfully executing on our Operational Improvement Program. As John discussed today, we've made excellent progress towards our goals, and as a result, we've raised our cost saving targets for the program to $325 million, the majority of which will fall to our bottom line earnings. We are unlocking significant value through this effort, and we remain focused on its continued success. We've navigated a challenging first half well and are positioned for success both in the near term and in the long term. I am very proud of our teams and their hard work. And I know they will continue to drive execution through to completion. Let me now turn to our transformational agreement with Towers Watson. As I have just articulated, we're making great progress on our stand-alone plans. We believe, however, that combining our strengths with those of Towers Watson and adding $4.5 billion of synergies that we see for the new company creates even stronger medium-term performance. And in fast-changing and consolidating health and property casualty industries, we believe the new Willis Towers Watson will be extremely well positioned for the long term. Let me now turn it back to the operator, and we can take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me take that. Obviously, Willis Re is a fantastic business, continues to perform very strongly, had organic growth in the first half of the year and continues to perform strongly. It is flattery actually that we are starting to see in 1 or 2 departures to other firms, reflecting the strengths. I can assure you that we are replacing those people with very high-quality replacements. We've already taken steps to do that. We are very focused on our clients. Our retention rates remain extremely strong, and we're optimistic for the outlook for Willis Re, absolutely. And John Cavanagh and his management team are very focused on driving the business performance. As to the reaction to Towers Watson, the reaction within Willis Re is the same as it has been across the whole Willis, which is that it is seen as a fantastic opportunity for our organization and that the combination has been greeted with great happiness and excitement by our staff, including our staff at Willis Re. 
Dominic Casserley: Because it's the guidance we've given. We're quite confident of that. When we look out as to how our pipelines are generating, we do see improved revenue growth, as I said in my remarks, for the second half of the year, and we're confident of our cost growth. So therefore, for the full year, we target to 200 basis points. If we improve upon that, that would be good news. 
Dominic Casserley: So Kai, I think we'd like to focus this call mostly on our second quarter earnings. And obviously, Peter Poillon is happy to take you through some of the detail of that, or others of us, off-line. But we did outline, I think, quite clearly that we see the exchange business helping to distribute the exchange offering of Towers into the middle market in North America will drive significant increase in our revenues that we see the Towers relationships in the large corporate states in North America helping us to accelerate our already planned investment in the large corporate space and P&C in North America, and we see the opportunities to take some of Towers' capabilities offshore across our larger network. We have 80 owned countries, they're in 37, is an opportunity to raise revenues there. We're happy to delve in more detail, of course, but given the time we have today, let's just leave it at that. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me just take that. Just to be clear on our philosophy, we're very focused on cash flow and cash based upon what we spend, right. And some of the businesses we may acquire may actually be lower margin than business we have already in the stable. But that doesn't matter as long as they drive improved cash flow growth relative to what we paid for them. Let me have John now talk a little bit about how he sees margin evolve. 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. Let me explain this, right. From the point of view of the program, the program is going cash positive as of 2016. Totally separately, totally separately, we then decide whether we see incremental revenue growth opportunities over and above our baseline that we would decide to reinvest in. That's a separate decision to the Operational Improvement Program. Do not bundle them together. So the simple point is the Operational Improvement Program goes cash positive in 2016. If we then decide to take some of those savings and reinvest in revenue generating opportunities, that's a different decision. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we said -- it's Dominic here. We said -- I said that we expect stronger performance in the second half of the year, and we are sustaining our mid-single-digit organic revenue growth forecast for the full year. 
Dominic Casserley: Obviously, I can't comment on what the Towers Watson shareholders are saying. I can tell you that our communities, our clients are excited about this, and our mutual clients are excited about it. Our staff are very excited about it. As I said, across the whole range of our businesses are excited about the client service opportunities it creates. And obviously, we've been talking to our investors and getting very positive feedback. So overall, we're very excited about how this is evolving. 
Dominic Casserley: So as is normally, in any event like this, each side of a transaction like this lines up in the period between announcement and closing. The expected M&A transactions, they see both sales and divestitures. And as you know, Towers did a divestiture in the last couple of weeks. And so you know in advance the pipeline of potential acquisitions, potential divestitures that each side has, and we have exchanged those, because they are obviously part of understanding what you are actually going to merge with or close with, so you have to reveal that. So we have a pipeline of things. Obviously, I can't reveal it to you that we are engaged in and the other side is aware of and vice-versa. As to the Operational Improvement Program, we've been very, very clear all along, and the recent update and what John just went through is clear that we are going to continue to drive the Operational Improvement Program as a program onto its own with its target now of $325 million of savings. As we bring the 2 companies together, the one area of overlap, we think, will exist between the programs, if you like, the $125 million we announced as synergies with Towers. And this program may be in procurement because, obviously, we will have some common contracts, et cetera. So that may create actually more opportunities as we look at it. But as you know, procurement is the smallest part of the $325 million, as laid out in the slide that John went through. But let's be clear, we are going to continue to drive the Operational Improvement Program as a discrete program against its targets. 
Dominic Casserley: Basically, Brian, I think the context for your question here is that the -- both the $300 million and $325 million are basically focused on our organic cost base, right? So any savings we get, which we, of course, over time will get from our acquisitions in the way that John described are over and above what we are talking about here. 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to deal with the first part of your question. Look, we are very focused on this transaction. We're highly excited about it that we just spent some time doing preliminary integration planning and going after a lot of the opportunities that exist both in client service, talent attraction and thinking through some of the costs and other opportunities. So we're well underway on that. That being said, obviously, as part of being an attractive part of transaction is our stand-alone plans are robust and going forward. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, that's a good question. We definitely see a lot of evolution in both the health care markets, and you've seen a lot of movement there in the last few weeks, and in the property and casualty markets. We have been investing in preparation to those changes. We saw them coming. And so all our investments in analytics, in data management are all about increasing the quality and depth of our client service to our corporate plans and to our insurance plans. So we were not taken by surprise by this. Our strategy has reflected that. Our excitement -- parts of our excitement about the merger with Towers Watson is it enables us to accelerate all those moves we've already been taking because we absolutely believe that in the way in which these markets are evolving. An adviser, broker and solutions provider will need to have deep capabilities across a range of industries and a big pool of analytic capabilities. That was what we were investing in on a stand-alone basis, and Towers Watson enables us to accelerate that. And we think it will be important in this evolving world to have that depth and range of capability. 
Dominic Casserley: I think there's another point here is that some of these businesses have seasonality to them, so you really only see the full effect of that impact upon us when you see how they perform during the course of a full year. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, great. So thank you very much, everybody, for your participation in this call. We're very excited about the outlook. Let me just close with the following. The story of this quarter is strong execution on our strategic initiatives, driving results and building the platform for the acceleration of future earnings. We saw solid organic growth in our businesses and drove margin expansion despite the headwinds in the period and remain confident in our projections for mid-single-digit organic growth and our ability to convert this growth into profits. The excellent progress to date on our Operational Improvement Program allowed us to increase our expectations of what it will produce this year and importantly in the long run. And our M&A strategy continues to deepen and strengthen our offerings globally. So we are focused on continuing to execute, excited about the opportunities we are creating for the Willis business today and committed to making the merger with Towers Watson the transformational value-creating event we expect it to be. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
John Greene: And then if I can just add, Kai, on the expense piece, it's not creating a material change to the expense base whatsoever. A few of the notable departures were on garden leaves, which means we continue to pay salary. And those who weren't, we're going to reinvest and make sure we get the right people in place. So no real change to expense base. 
John Greene: Yes. So those charges that came through in the first half are probably slightly elevated from a run rate standpoint if you exclude Towers. So maybe a mild reduction on those. And then whatever Towers turns out to be would be incremental. 
John Greene: Yes. So good question. So year-over-year, the benefit from pension expense is $15 million in the quarter. And we expect the total year credit to be between $60 million and $70 million. Some of -- about half of that is from the change in actuarial assumptions. The other half relates to the freezing. And what the freezing actually did is lowered the actuarial deficit. So what it's done effectively is positioned us well to be able to revise the cash contributions in the future. That's a conversation that's ongoing with our pension trustees. And we'll give an update on the details of that when we've reached an agreement. 
John Greene: Yes, so thanks, Dominic. We calculated about 20 basis points of positive spread on the revenue growth of about 5.3%. The acquisitions that came in this year are -- they're going to be cash flow positive. We like the EBITDA that they are generating. There is some amortization that we're going to likely move to provide a cash EPS to you on this. So the outlook will, frankly, partly depend on revenue growth and continued execution on our cost management strategies. We feel good about what we bought here over the past 12 months and look to a positive outcome for the remainder of the year. 
John Greene: Yes. Certainly, there is definitely the timing in place. So Dominic highlighted the one significant transaction, I think it was about $8 million. And most of that would flow right through down. There'd be some carved out for incentive compensation. 
John Greene: Yes. So it's -- we stripped out the impact of FX. And you'll note that there was the Venezuelan bolivar revaluation in the prior year, which was 14, it was $1 million in the current year. And then there is some additional FX that gets stripped out. So the $0.58 is effectively without the impact of the FX. 
John Greene: Yes. So we stripped out FX out of the underlying. So maybe what I'll suggest we do is you and Peter and I, if necessary, get together after the call and walk through how we rebased the prior year to take into account the FX, and create a true comparison of underlying performance. 
John Greene: Yes. So what we're seeing here, and I referenced the slide, we're seeing in 2016 an estimated spend. So restructuring charges are about $140 million, and we expect savings to be about $150 million. So the savings will be embedded in the results. The spend of $140 million will be consistent with what the spend was in the prior year. So if you look at the savings versus the $140 million restructuring charges, you get positive cash flow. 
John Greene: Yes. There was a purpose. So we closed Miller on May 31, and we used the revolving line to fund some of the cash expense related to that transaction. 
John Greene: Yes. So Brian, most of the savings are actually FTE related as a result of relocating work from higher-cost locations to offshore locations, and that's really the driver. There's some role reductions as we simplify processes as well. So that's really where we see most of the additional savings coming from, not only this year but as the program progresses. Related to the acquisitions, we buy complementary businesses, and there is mild synergies there but very limited. And there's nothing planned for Gras Savoye in terms of synergies in early 2016 largely because they went through their own -- effectively their own Operational Improvement Program in '14 and the beginning part of '15. So we feel pretty comfortable about the progress they've made there. 
John Greene: So Miller, the front end is very important that, that remains independent. We're looking at back-office support and seeing what we can do there. There is, as I said, mild synergies included when we evaluated the deal, but very mild. And the other acquisitions, we're going to evaluate them, but I wouldn't expect a lot. We're pretty conservative when we do the evaluation on these and don't build in really aggressive assumptions on cost of revenue. 
John Greene: Yes. So the cash flow from operations is actually down about $70 million. And that's driven by a couple of different things. One thing to note is net income for the quarter was roughly equivalent to the cash from operations. And what we saw quarter-over-quarter in terms of cash flow, we had some tax and pension timing, some incentives, and then working capital actually increased by about $30 million as a result of growth -- effectively growth in the business and, frankly, not enough traction in terms of receivable management that the business is now focused on. 
John Greene: So we guided to mid-20s there. I look at it now based on the first and second quarter, and I would say somewhere between 23% and 25% range. 
John Greene: And then, Bob, if I could just add, Plan A is the merger with Towers, and Plan B is the merger with Towers. So we haven't even considered then any breakup fee at this point. Maybe just one in the contract, but it's really not even relevant to talk about at this point. 
John Greene: Yes. So there's amortization of intangibles that are impacting those new transactions. And when we -- there's a second piece that's playing as well. Some of the businesses have had lower margins than what Willis has enjoyed but generating super cash flows. We obviously pay in terms of the deal price based on the net cash flow generated. So we're comfortable with the economics on the deal. And over time, what you'll see is improving margins as a result of reduced amortization and then the mild cost synergies we talked about. So we're comfortable with it. And as I mentioned earlier, I think it will help the analyst community when we begin to break out cash, EPS and frankly, it will align with how Towers does it as well. So that works in many regards. 
John Greene: Yes. I think it would be better, Meyer, if we take that off-line for answering. We're just about at 9:00 here, and we'll walk you through it. It's better if we walk through it after the call, I think. 
John Greene: Yes. So the merger expenses for Towers were included in the Corporate segment. If there is a transaction that's specific to a particular segment, they get booked on a call it a reported basis in those segments. And then when we show performance on an organic basis, we strip those out. 
