John Haley: I don't know, Greg. We have -- We certainly have seasonality in the revenues overall through the quarters. Seasonality in the margin improvement, I think, is probably a little less pronounced than that. So we'll be looking to -- in some ways, some of those -- the margin improvements are a lot like the tax rate, where we focus on the annual result as opposed to its distribution among the quarters too much. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think I'll make a couple comments and Mike may want to weigh in on this too. But -- look, a lot of the -- as you know, we're winding down OIP now. And we've had some of our -- I referenced the $95 million in savings, we expected from OIP -- or the $95 million we spent for some of the savings to come in, and I think we'll probably get a little less than half of that flowing through to margins. But we see some of that has come in already, but actually a big chunk of that will be coming in, in 2018. So we'll see some of the savings that'll continue to come in there. I think overall though, as we look at the -- we'll come out with our guidance for 2018 on the next call, but there's nothing that we've seen that makes us back off our 25% EBITDA for the next year. Mike, do you want to... 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, if you look at our EBITDA, the 25%, getting to that by the end of 2018. That's still something that we are -- that's just something that we're continuing to drive towards. And as I said it, that's not anything that we've been backing off there. We talked about share repurchase also, and I think we talked about share repurchase between -- somewhere between 2 million and 8 million, or something like that. So far, we've repurchased I think through September 30, 4.8 million -- 4.7 million, 4.8 million, somewhere around there. So we're well into where we'd intended to be there. We look at the revenue growth, and we were looking at revenue growth figures between -- somewhere between 2.5% and 4.5% or so, or something like that. And we're now delivering solid margin growth in the 3% to 4% for each quarter. So I think, as we look at all of those, we still have work -- we have not yet put together our 2018 guidance on the specific things, but when we look at the different targets we've been setting ourselves -- oh, and finally, the other one, of course, was the tax rate, but as we talked about, you've already gotten to where we wanted to there. We look at all these things, and we say, we feel some confidence that we can attack these and get to where we want to be. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, look, we had talked about wanting to maintain a low investor grade rating -- investment grade rating. And so I think, we'll continue to do that. I don't think we'll see -- we're not anticipating to do significant deleveraging or anything there. But to keep that -- but to be solidly in that low investment grade rating, that'll free up a lot of our free cash flow for other purposes. We -- as we said earlier, well, we've been looking at potential acquisitions and we'll continue to do that. When we model it there, we still find our stock to be an attractive use of our cash and buying that back. And so we have to balance all of those. But I wouldn't -- I think, unless something unusual were to come along, I wouldn't expect to see any significant decline in our buying back shares, and I think, we'd continue to use most of our free cash flow for that. 
John Haley: No, I think, look, we -- Shlomo, we had 3%, I guess, for the whole fourth quarter here, and we did 4% -- we had 2% to 3%, I guess, for the fourth quarter, and we did 4% and we nudged it up to 3%. We're not trying to fine tune this all that much beyond that, but somewhere around 3%, we think sounds reasonable. 
John Haley: Sure, I'll get a -- I think I'll turn it over to Mike, Shlomo, to take you through that but actually [ best ] before I move on to that, I might mention something from your previous question, which triggered a thought that the third quarter of 2017 is an unusual quarter for Willis Towers Watson, in that there's nothing unusual about it. This is the first time that we don't have some really big distorting event in either our current quarter or the quarter a year ago or something like that. And so when you asked about things being pulled forward or something, I mean there's always the little things around the margin. But by and large, it's a relatively clean quarter, and we couldn't be happier about that. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, look, I think, if we look at our overall businesses that we're in, we think that probably about 3% is what the market is growing at. Now, as we go through the different segments and the different lines of business, you can see that they all have their own individual growth rates. But probably about 3% is right for the organization as a whole. We've been focused on making sure we're growing at least as fast as the market, and that's what we've accomplished this year. We were slightly ahead, I think, this year with that. But in the long run, we won't be satisfied with just growing at the market, we want to be growing faster than that. 
John Haley: Growth, yes. Yes. Right, I mean, look, I think, I wouldn't want to take one quarter and say that's going to be exactly what we're going to be doing. But we've been growing at about 3% or better this whole year, and I think that's what we think -- that's what we probably be planning for, for next year. And in the prior question, I said we want to be a company that's going to be growing above the market in the long run. But I think what we're focused now is making sure that we are solidly in it, that 3% area, year-after-year, and then we'll try to move on from that. The third quarter is probably our lowest quarter anyway, so I don't want read too much into that. 
John Haley: Yes. So this is one of these things, Elyse, where the devil really is in the details. So if we -- I think, for example, when you say limits on interest deductibility, it depends very much on what those limits are, of how they do it -- as to how it would affect us. Here's what I think we could tell you, and probably what we would look at as the worst case, if the U.S. went to a 20% rate, and there were severe limits on interest deductibility, it could actually make our tax rate go up 1% or so. That's if we did nothing and presumably, we would be able to -- our current structures isn't the best and so we would be able to get back to where we were eventually or maybe even a little better. But if you get to the 20% rate and depending on how some other things are done, some particular details there, we could actually be better off. So we don't know for right now, we don't think it's going to be a major impact to us one way or another, and certainly, whatever happens, we'll have to make sure that we have our taxes structured in the most-efficient tax planning we can. 
John Haley: But just to make it 100% clear, the margins at the organization level, at the whole company level are correct. What happens is, we -- and we have some expenses that we don't -- that are too high for the segments essentially is what happens and to the extent they're too high, we just do that, we put that in the unallocated bucket and get back to the right ones. 
John Haley: Yes, I think the answer is that this is still an attractive business for the clients in that regard. We're seeing -- certainly on the active side we're seeing at least 5% I think for our clients there. Depending on what their particular configuration is and where they're coming from, the 5% to 15% is certainly in the range. But we're seeing at least 5%, so we're continuing to see larger increases for the retirees. That's still a very attractive proposition. So all of the financial advantages to -- and there's nothing that's happened that's changed the financial advantages to going to exchanges. And so it's one of the reasons why we said, despite the natural reticence of people to maybe make moves in the middle of a big debate about ACA or other potential healthcare legislation, we're pretty excited about the longer-run future of exchanges. 
John Haley: Oh, yes. If we get rate increases it would be better for business. I think the caution there is -- let me say this, rate increases will -- are like -- rate increases are in the first blush are likely to increase our commissions and fees. Now one thing that could happen is, of course, sometimes people might buy less insurance or buy less reinsurance if rates are higher, so you have to factor that potential behavior in there. The other thing we were saying is, you have to know which lines of business the rates increases are coming through to understand what the impact is on the company, and we just don't want to rush to any conclusions about that. 
John Haley: Well, yes. I mean, yes, yes, Mark, although there's a -- potentially a lot of capital sitting on the sidelines that -- alternative capital that could flow into the market. And certainly, in 2006, after the big events in 2005, we saw an enormous influx of alternative capital. So I just -- I think anybody can who tells you they know what's going to happen for sure is that -- the one thing you can be sure is they probably don't know what they're talking about. 
John Haley: Yes. I would say that assuming 0, I think the most important thing for this though to recognize is that, if for one reason or another, we've been accruing expenses inside a segment that is too large or too small, then we're truing it up, so that we get to the right thing for the organization. And so at the organizational level, it's -- it doesn't matter whether we put it in the segments and we have unallocated at 0 or whether we charge it in the segments and then reverse it in unallocated, it -- you're getting to the right number. 
John Haley: No. I think there's 2 aspects to that. And we have always said that when -- in the times when growth slows, then we would see an increase in margins, and so what happens is, we had more folks that we were enrolling January 1, 2017, than we're expecting to enroll January 1, 2018. So that means, we needed more benefits -- benefit colleagues to be taking the phone calls in the last quarter of 2016 than we do the last quarter of 2017. So the expenses are a bit more favorable. In addition, as you may recall, we really beefed up the thing last year to make sure we were addressing some performance issues we had there in terms of handling the rights volume of calls. So we probably had a little bit of an extra spend there, but those two things are doing it. But it's a natural consequence to that. One of the other things I mentioned in the script was that in 2018, we expect to see a more even distribution. So we're not seeing as many of the enrollments occurring exactly on January 1, 2018. As we get that distributed throughout the year, it gives us better expense management. 
John Haley: Well, we've been our -- our TAS is basically -- its benefits, administration, operation and I think we've been talking about this for a number of quarters now. We've just had a fantastic record of winning there, and the team does a terrific job in servicing their clients and we've been -- we've just continued to add lots of new clients. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much for joining us today, everyone, and I look forward to talking to you at our fourth quarter earnings call in February. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I would just add, John. I mean, if you look at through quarter, you see the reduction in salaries and benefits overall. You see it in terms of other cost reductions, that are happening. Uniquely, it's offset, obviously, by inflation that's come into place, but you're seeing that overall improvement happening. So I think that glide path, there's nothing there right now that tells us -- that suggests to us that we shouldn't meet that EBITDA margin of 25% by the end of 2018. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I -- we're continuing to see the directional improvement happening overall. We definitely see IRR having higher revenues in the first half of the year and in terms of what those numbers actually drive to. And I've -- you see pretty good EBITDA growth overall in terms of the numbers themselves. So look, we'd always love more, but we feel pretty good about with the numbers are. 
Michael Burwell: Well, I mean, the mandates aren't different than the objectives that John has laid out in -- from previously, in terms of execution on that and executing in the CFO role. I've been really frankly pleased with the depth and breadth of the people that exist at Willis Towers Watson. The individual leaders of individual business segments are very strong individuals, and my impressions of them and their ability to be able to drive and lead us to the objectives that we've put forth, I've felt a lot of confidence in them, and I really look forward to working with them. So I've been even more pleased then I went through the interview process in terms of interacting with people and what that means. And I think, I'll go back to what John said at the outset of this call, when he talked about colleagues and what they do for our clients, and how they help and work with each other. I mean, the culture at Willis Towers Watson is one about serving clients, and that's -- ultimately, that's what it's about and I've been truly impressed with how people have serviced and worked with their clients and the various stakeholders that we have overall. So I guess, my initial views, like I am continuing to formulate in terms of what those specifically mean, but I've been very impressed that -- I was just starting week 4 here in terms of being here at Willis Towers Watson. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, and coming back on your free cash flow question, Shlomo, I mean, we still believe there's nothing that's changing our mind in terms of looking at the '18 target we're had out there at $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, free cash looking out through the end of '18. If you look specifically at '17 or this quarter, what the difference is -- as referenced in my comments, one is, really looking at bonus payments. So this year we had a full year of bonus payments where in the prior year, we only had a partial year of those bonus payments. We did see a DSO rise in the current quarter, and I referenced the southern part of the United States, but as you relate to certain parts of the hurricane and some of those disasters impacted the processing and payment abilities of certain of our clients and customers and stakeholders to get that money in, and we believe that we'll see that return here in the fourth quarter, and equally we had integration spending happening as a key driver as you see in the numbers for the fourth quarter. So those are their principal things or the primary things that were really driving that change in free cash flow. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean I, obviously -- I'm excited about the prospects of what you see happening in the marketplace and with clients or customers, but John, I'll defer to your thoughts. 
Michael Burwell: So the number for this quarter that you're reading, the $1 million in there is actually a benefit, and the benefit is related to bonus -- principally related to bonus payments. So those -- the segments have been charged the bonus amounts, and we have reversed a bit at the topside and, therefore, in the fourth quarter we'll reallocate that back out to the actual segments themselves. So actually, their margins have been a bit penalized because it hasn't been allocated fully out to them at this stage but that will get cleaned up. In the fourth quarter, I would expect a fairly small or modest number there on that line item because when we close the books out, everything has been allocated back out. And it's just a timing issue in terms of how things are actually done from a bookkeeping standpoint. 
