Carl Hess: Yes. Sure, Greg and good morning to you. So I look at it this way across our key growth drivers, which include strategic initiatives, hiring and industry conditions, we do see momentum building that gives us confidence in achieving the targets we've laid out. Our strategic growth initiatives are gaining traction, for instance, we're making progress on scaling our global lines of business and Corporate Risk and Broking. And we do expect the growth in these lines is going to continue to exceed these CRB average material. And we're also seeing a steady pace of new product launches, and we're focusing on high growth and high need markets like ESG analytics and climate risk. And what we've seen so far in terms of the performance of our new hires and front office sales and our client management roles has reinforced our expectation that the benefits of that hiring activity will meaningfully accelerate in the second half, and particularly some positive trends in CRB give us confidence in our improving growth outlook. I think looking macro right, industry conditions remain generally favorable and our business has historically been inflated from general macro volatility, and we're certainly seeing some of that. The need for sound advice and risk management solutions typically only intensifies during dynamics times such as these in the markets, and many of our clients look to us for help in navigating using labor markets, financial markets, and the geopolitical environment. In HWC, we're seeing strong demand and growth across the [HWC] businesses. The macro environment remains reasonably supportive and the buildup of our technology offerings further enhances our resilience and reinforces our confidence in our positioning. In R&B, we think the company-specific headwinds we had are mostly behind us, and expect we'll continue to narrow that growth gap as our high reactions gain momentum. Macro uncertainty is proving to be a bit of a tailwind as our clients seek to better manage their risk in a highly complex environment.
Carl Hess: Greg, I'd point out two things, right? One is that the effects of COVID and new ways of working are stimulating demand for services as our client base is sort of looking to manage their workforce in light of the changes to the nature of full-time work in the gig economy. So some of the sensitivity we would have normally seen through the economic cycle, actually just hasn't been there this time. And the second is we have pivoted the business over the years from a rather pure consulting and project-oriented business to be much more reliant on annuity revenue and software. So it's simply a more resilient business than in the past.
Carl Hess: I think that's the right way to think about it. It will be more weighted towards the back end of the program rather than during the current period or near-term.
Carl Hess: Yes. No, I think you just need to be thinking about the margin on the Russian business in the appropriate fashion and you can triangulate on the reguide on the margin.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean, back to Russia for just one second. I mean you've got to recognize, as you think about our Russian business. We have been operating there for over 40 years, right? We had a very strong position in the country. The nature of the business was largely project-based work, one-off and starts with a pretty high profit margin, but it was a minimal local presence required to service business. And we're able to leverage our existing global operating infrastructure on the global platform. And thus, able to do this in the country in a very cost-effective manner.
Carl Hess: So I'll start on M&A, and maybe Andrew can comment a bit about buybacks. As we laid out at last years Investor Day, intentional portfolio management to optimize value is fundamental to our Simplify initiatives, and we're still looking across our options to create value for shareholders, and that includes divestitures as well as opportunistic M&A opportunities. And now that the market is finally tilting in favor of buyers a bit, that should strengthen our – look for opportunities to strengthen our capabilities in key functional areas and important geographies. But we're continuing to employ a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return with internal investments and strategic M&A to look for the highest return possibilities.
Carl Hess: So let me start with staffing. And we don't do headcount on a quarterly basis. We will discuss headcount detail in our 10-K. So hiring has been strong, and the hiring activity in Q3 matched that in the first half and it's fortified by the fact that we see the benefit of our retention efforts. Voluntary attrition has remained consistent with the macro environment and the external benchmarks we use to measure this. So our year-to-date hiring has exceeded voluntary terminations. Our headcount continues to increase. And sort of getting to the revenue aspect of your question, we anticipate that the contributions from the equipment in our talent base to become more meaningful going forward.
Carl Hess: Yes. So when we came up with our initial targets, where we looked at a variety of scenarios to what could happen between now and 2024, right? Different economic outlooks all sorts of different things, right? I don't think we factored in that we would be divesting a business of the scope of and size of Russia for no cash proceeds to reinvest, right? That, I think, is enough of a one-off that we felt justified in the transparency we're giving you on recasting targets. But I thought that we were going to have a divestment for zero. Yes, it's a bit outside the main term. And frankly, I think that is a bit unique and extraordinary.
Carl Hess: So while I was speaking attractive, right, it was the fact that valuations appear to be coming down from levels where we just didn't think that they could be value accretive to us, right? And so there are opportunities across the span of the businesses we operate in. As we look to what makes sense for us, right, it's going to be, whether it's a geographic adjacency of an attractive economy that will fit our business profile. Or a specialty area where we see that fitting in very nicely to what we do very well in the marketplace.
Carl Hess: Sure. So let me begin with the second part of that, and I'll get to the assumptions. We're quite happy with our positioning on TRANZACT and the opportunity, right? Again, this is a place where the market addressable to us, expands by 10,000 people a day. That's how many people become Medicare eligible, newly for Medicare every day. And the people who – the percentage of people who decide to buy a Medicare Advantage plan, rather traditional Medicare continues to rise and expect it to go from 40% to over 50% by the end of the decade. There is clearly growth potential in this market. As you point out, right, there's been some volatility amongst our competitors and the careers, and that does have some effect on us, some retention in the – retrenchment in the market with some of our competitors, and that can impact us to our advantage. But certainly, churn in careers books of business can impact our persistency rates. Well, we have taken steps, right? I think that put us in a different position than most of our competitors. We fortified our lead qualification process and have set up a post-placement customer care team to make sure that people are satisfied with the coverage they're electing. And that, plus our disciplined cost management enables us, we think, to continue growing while others have to slow down to focus on their profitability. With respect to persistency rates, right, this is something we examined, right, within the portfolio on a line-by-line basis. And we use independent actuaries to make sure that we're validating our team's view of what we think the persistency will be. And continue to evaluate how the market looks and what that will be.
Carl Hess: I would add that part of – our transformation program involves workforce relocation as we simplify where we do work. And so – not front office, but a significant part of our mid and back office hiring has occurred in our international businesses, where we tend to enjoy a lower wage structures.
Carl Hess: Yes. We're always looking to make progress in that ratio. It's a constant focus for us. As I said, optimizing the workforce is a really important component of the transformation program. And hence, the comp and bend that falls out of that is an important metric.
Carl Hess: Yes. A couple of things there. I think, one, it's important to remember that growth rates will likely moderate as that business becomes bigger and bigger. That's just the simple fact of the math. The other thing to keep in mind is that over 50% of the individual marketplace business revenues were generated in the fourth quarter. So it's best to think about that business on a full-year basis, not focus on any particular quarter. We performed very strong this year and continue to feel positive about our current market positioning. And we're also encouraged by the early signs we're seeing for the quarter. But again, it's still very early in enrollment season.
Carl Hess: Yes. So when markets fluctuate a lot, right, our client base in the Wealth business, specifically our retirement business, needs to often reforecasting of what their cash funding requirements or their accounting expense requirements are going to be. So it just generates a significant amount of project work for us in the markets where they're major defined benefit plans. And when the volatility stops, that work will stop, but we don't seem to have any lack of volatility these days. I'd probably offset a bit by the fact that within the Wealth business, of course, we have our investments business and a certain amount of that business is based on asset-based fees and with lower capital market levels over the year, that has been a bit of a headwind for that business.
Carl Hess: So as with any diversified business, we're going to have places and lines of business that are more profitable than the group average and less profitable than group average. And so the answer is we have some, right, but are generally the areas where we have either specialist capability that's hard to replicate or that there are regulatory barriers to entry. So there is competition that might be plus an open competition, are going to be areas where there maybe opportunities to have higher profits than average in the business. So the answer is there are places. However, we are a broadly diversified business, right? And we do just discuss where our revenue is sourced from. And so there are many geographies where we have significant revenue concentration outside of the size of Russia. You can see our top five listings on 10-K.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Hi, Greg. It's Andrew. Thanks for the question. On the margin, it is purely a function of the impact of the Russian business as well as when we think the pacing of the incremental transformation savings will come online during the three-year period. The free cash flow guide and change really has three components to it. The first is the Russian divestiture where we received no cash proceeds and also had the loss of both the revenue and cash generation from future business but also the receivables, right, that we already had accounted for, which were uncollectible. The second component was the incremental cost to achieve the $60 million of transformation program savings at the same 2.5x rate that we've been talking about. So that's an incremental $150 million. And the third component is timing differences from cash tax payments made this year on both the termination fee and Willis Re gain which our Investor Day guidance contemplated would incur entirely in 2021. As we've mentioned in our prepared remarks last quarter, part of our decrease in free cash flow this year was due to some of these tax payments taking place this year rather than when we had originally anticipated just due to some of the complexity and timing considerations.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think – Elyse, it's Andrew. I think some of the disconnect there, maybe just when the timing of the saves – the incremental saves are coming online. But the change in margin has really been driven purely by the impact of the Russia divestiture.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Our margin expansion in the quarter was driven by the benefits of our transformation program savings and also some strategic portfolio management actions which were more than offset by some of the increased investments in talent team at the segment level. We had corporate savings as well, but just not necessarily the same level of reinvestment that you would have seen within the segments. There is also the impact of some of these businesses that we decided to exit coming out of the deal termination, which are not allocated to the new segments as well as the effective management of the stranded costs from the Willis Re divestiture.
Andrew Krasner: I'd say they're being effectively managed given that we are still in the midst of a transition services agreement with Gallagher.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No problem, Paul. I was referring to the incremental $60 million that we announced on top of the initial $300 million. So it was really about the pacing of the incremental $60 million.
Andrew Krasner: Which I think, Paul, is something you'd expect by savings that we've identified later in the process.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. On the margin recast, it's important to keep in mind that the margin on that business, as we've said, is more than double the enterprise-wide margin. So you can use that to get to the recasted margin range. And then on investment income, we haven't disclosed the specific numbers. I think you'll see some information in the Q that might be helpful in framing that. We are definitely starting to see some modest benefit from the rising rate environment, come through in the financials. But of course, as rates rise, we've got to turn over investment portfolios and that takes time to work through the system full.
Andrew Krasner: And just on the repurchase front, we have been pretty consistent in our messaging that share repurchases are going to come at the pace of free cash flow generally speaking, unless we find alternative uses for that. I won't get into the details of the cash balance, but we do consider that cash balance as well as the free cash flow when looking at repurchase decisions as well as our financial leverage. And with rates where they are, we're very thoughtful about incremental leverage and the cost that, that comes with that.
Andrew Krasner: No. I don't – I think we can run leaner than that, but we do have to keep cash on hand for future obligations as well as funding share repurchases and managing the cash flow.
Andrew Krasner: And just on the dynamics around growth, right, there's different factors pushing and pulling in the opposite directions, right? So I think we've been pretty clear that coming out of the breakup of the transaction last year that things like retention, right, were challenged, particularly in certain geographies and certain lines of business. And of course, in the opposite direction, you have rate and new business and things of that nature. So there are offsetting factors that contribute to the organic growth profile.
Andrew Krasner: We're very pleased with the progress we're making [Technical Difficulties] on the expense savings, and that's one of the reasons why we said we maintained sort of the delta between starting and end to get there and we actually see more daylight developing. That's why we raised the [$300 million to $360 million].
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think FX is a meaningful component of the difference that you're seeing there in that line item given where our employee bases are located.
Andrew Krasner: We also have the impact of our transformation program and where – again, where folks are located and making sure that the savings are coming through, and you're seeing some of that materialize there as well.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We still expect to see some book sales throughout the rest of the year that relates to 2021 events. We do expect those to normalize even further as 2021 recedes from view. This dynamic was anticipated in our long-term forecast for mid single-digit growth. And as you point out and as a reminder, in Q4 of 2021, there was approximately $74 million of book sales, $39 million of that was in the segments. We do not anticipate that level to repeat this year.
Andrew Krasner: That's a dynamic that we manage very closely, as you can imagine. So we do make sure that the growth we're targeting is profitable growth and do balance that against the cash consumption in that line of business. So we don't expect it to be a significant drag. But of course, we do manage that dynamic closely.
