Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. To sum up, I am pleased, once again, with our top line growth. I feel that we are delivering on the initiatives that have been discussed over the past several quarters going back to late 2011. There are many things that affect our performance, pipeline development and management, producer growth and development and planned retention initiatives are all having the desired effect that we had anticipated and discussed with you in prior quarters.  We believe, however, that there is more work to do and more improvements to be made. Our goal is to be the best at what we do and to achieve that goal, we need to continually strengthen our already outstanding service and analytics to our clients to provide them with resilience for a risky world.  For those of you who have signed up to attend our Investor Day next Tuesday, July 30, or are planning to watch or listen to the webcast, I look forward to the discussion of our strategies on how we plan to serve our clients and thereby grow our business into the future.  Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me give a quick overview here of how we think about that, and then I'm going to hand it over to Todd Jones. I think we are very excited about the momentum we see in this business. We all know that this business suffered a period when we were losing some producers and business was actually shrinking. And so I think the correct momentum comparison is how we are seeing continued growth both in retentions, new business won and the producer, of course. And the forward momentum is extremely positive. But let me hand over to Todd to provide any color on that. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me just start by reiterating what I'd said before, which is when people ask us about rate, I do like to remind them that we are affected by global rates. We are a global firm. And so rates, yes, in the North American P&C market are clearly important to us, but so are Brazilian facultative risk rates, so are rates in Western Europe, so are rates and what's happening in Asia. So that the -- when we think about rate, the diversity of what we do gives us quite a lot of softening of particular volatility in any one market. With that, let me have Todd address your specific question about North America. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we're going to talk about this a bit in the Investor Day. But I think our view is that we should be continuing to invest in our growth opportunities. And we did, in this period over the last 12 months, we've been looking to add people in our growth markets and, of course, we continue to invest in analytics. And so that there's a natural investment to drive growth in the top line. In parallel with that, of course, we continue to take a very tough look at lower growth areas and fixed cost areas to get more operating leverage and we remain committed to making sure that we have a positive gap between revenues and costs over the medium term. But we'll talk about this more in the Investor Day. 
Dominic Casserley: It's not in our treaty operation. We don't add that number into Willis Re's results. Willis Capital Markets is a separate business. 
Dominic Casserley: I would be delighted to, only too delighted to. And I apologize in advance for the advert -- for advertising, we're the best. No, but in all seriousness, we focused a lot of effort around our reinsurance business over the last couple of years, particularly investment in analytics and differentiating our analytics proposition from even our larger competitors in this space in terms of embedded analytics totally into our proposition, so our proposition clear to the client in terms of content and in terms of the analytics and transactional capability being brought together. We're very focused in terms of new business. We only go for business where we feel we can add significant value to the client and reject other opportunities. So we don't just respond to every RFP or tender opportunity that we're offered. We're very focused in that regard and we've been highly successful. We've won pretty much every opportunity we've turned our attention to during the course of last year and into this year as well. It's been very successful. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, fundamentally, in to our Capital Markets business. It may be an opportunity as uncovered or discovered, I guess, by our reinsurance relationship with an organization. But, no, the transaction and execution is done by our Capital Markets business. 
Dominic Casserley: I would say there's been more activity. As I said, our Capital Markets business revenue has grown in the quarter, albeit modestly. But there's certainly been more activity, yes. 
Dominic Casserley: Generally -- it's Dominic here. We've been adding people in line with our strategy. So we're, obviously, adding people in where we see revenue growing opportunities. So in the growth markets, in Tim Wright's world of International. And we definitely added some people in Steve's world of Global and there had been some public announcements about that, about some people that had been added in that world. And Todd had -- continues to have year-on-year growth in the producer model. So when you added all that up, you see growth. At the same time as we grow the business, you have to moderately continue to grow the fixed infrastructure, compliance, audit, et cetera, take account of more activity. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, thank you, all, very much for your attention. And we look forward to seeing those of you who are able to join us on Tuesday at our investor conference in New York. Thank you very much. 
Todd Jones: In terms of what we see going forward and obviously as you know we don't necessarily provide segment-related guidance, but the plan for us in North America is frankly to continue to build on those foundational elements that we've seen take hold over the course of the last 3 quarters, and we're confident that we can continue to refine and build on those elements to continue to drive good results. And we're obviously optimistic about not only the balance of the year, but as this business -- as we continue to move forward. 
Todd Jones: Yes, good question, and it's affecting it in a positive way. As you can imagine, this time extension gives us the opportunity to, frankly, provide more counsel and guidance to folks that are sort of struggling with how this is going to impact. As you probably saw, there was a bill that was introduced to delay it an additional year, so that just gives us even more time potentially to get out there, offer some solutions, talk about our tools and deliver the expertise that we bill to the client. So we think it's a positive thing. 
Todd Jones: This is Todd, that's a really hard one to answer. And I would literally be pulling a number out if I gave it to you. But clearly, it's created an opportunity for us, and we're confident it will continue to create an opportunity. But we're not necessarily capturing growth in that framework. 
Todd Jones: Yes, so we definitely saw rates slower in Q2 than we did in Q1, with one exception related to worker's comp. And if you saw some of the material that we had put out in our Marketplace Realities for the balance of the year on some of the major lines, i.e., property, we're definitely showing a trend towards flattening to modestly down. Clearly, that's going to be dependent upon the season we're entering, as far as the storms. But we are definitely seeing a flattening to modestly trending down rate environment. 
Todd Jones: Brian, I think the expectation is that's going to continue to ramp up during the course of the rest of this year and into the first quarter next year. And we'll start to see, as we get to more normalized state in second quarter and beyond next year, in terms of the impact of contingents on that Human Capital book. 
Todd Jones: Yes, it is -- most of the growth is the transactional business that we're seeing. So the traditional broking business, we are absolutely seeing an increase in activity on the consulting side. And as I think we mentioned earlier, just healthcare reform and some of the challenges in any organization on how to comply and what it means and goals and objectives, create benefit programs, create a lot of opportunity to discuss and sell solutions. But at the end of the day, majority of it was transactional. 
Todd Jones: Sure. This is Todd again. Construction had a terrific quarter and I, too, would like to offer my congratulations to my colleagues in that business. And it wasn't in one specific area. We saw it across all of our geographies, both in terms of size, of projects, sort of large and small. So it was really a balanced recovery, one I think aided by an improving finance market and some of these deals getting funded, but also the fact that we just had a very large and differentiated construction business across North America. 
Steven Hearn: It's Steven. Great question, thank you. Quickly, congratulations to our reinsurance team who did an outstanding job in the quarter. Across our reinsurance business, but as we've highlighted in our North American business, particularly, and I guess at the heart of your question is, was it timing? Is it sustainable? For a number of quarters, I've highlighted Willis Re very much as one of the jewels in Willis' crown. And actually what drove our number in Q2 and in North America was high new business performance and strong retention. New business in reinsurance, as I'm sure you know, has a long lead time. So in fact what you saw manifest in Q2 was actually work of last year, as well as earlier in this year, i.e., the award or the contract and when the money actually turns up being 2 different times. In terms of its sustainability, and there's been a lot of comment, particularly around new capital. And certainly, we have seen an impact on new capital in parts of the reinsurance book. Any new capital of any size is obviously going to have an impact on rate. At the moment, the impact is fairly concentrated to the property CAT world in North America. And again, this raises, I think, a really important point because new capacity and rate reduction doesn't necessarily correlate to reduced commission and fee income for a reinsurance broker. The standout business unit for Willis Re in Q2 was North America and North America is where the impact has been of this capacity. So that's a good illustration of that as fact. The client may well see reduced spend in terms of the rate impact. But for us, it's new earnings, new revenue, new business wins. So you've really got to analyze what's going on in a reinsurance broker's book to understand the rate impact. For us, good new business growth in Q2 and good, strong retention is what's driving those numbers. 
Steven Hearn: That probably falls to me, it's Steve, again. Yes and no would be the answer. One, we should say that what our competitor did with that particular capacity provider isn't perhaps as revolutionary as it's been heralded. There are similar arrangements. In fact, we operate one on our energy portfolio and have done so for a number of years. We are -- we have put together a proposition which we are marketing across the carrier community at the moment, seeking capacity to under the banner of Global 360. We think we've done it very differently than our competitors, in terms of canvassing widely to see which carriers offer best solution to our client, the client very much at the center of our discovery here of what's available. And we continue to consider propositions that had been put to us. But so the answer is yes, we are doing something. But is it a clone of something one of our competitors has done? Not at all. 
Steven Hearn: Sure. Yes, we had -- clearly, we had very, very strong new business growth, as I've mentioned before, particularly in one area of our business, which had an effect on the overall result, clearly, as I said, our North American reinsurance business performed particularly well. And again, I think in the last quarter, we referred to the other part of Global, which drives some of the expense investments. So we have responsibility for running the regulated entity in the U.K., Willis Limited, and there are some increasing costs around U.K. regulation. And secondly, we have responsibility in Global for the placement activity for the entire organization in terms of our carrier management function. And by example, the investment in Will Place. And again, that drives some of the expense growth that you see in Global. But the business units themselves, the core bits of Willis Re, Specialty, Willis Capital Markets are showing generally good growth in revenue, relative to the growth in total operating expense. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I'll probably give 3 quick answers. One will be a little bit of repetition. For us, North America performed very strongly for us on reinsurance. We are a significant intermediary in Florida. And yet, Florida is where the impact of new capital is probably been felt the greatest in the reinsurance world. So, please, there isn't a correlation necessarily between rate and what a broker, reinsurance broker, will earn. Reason for us, particularly year-on-year, is we won a lot of new business from our competitors last year. It wasn't in our revenue last year, and it is in our revenue this year as a new business. The client's rate may have gone down. They might actually choose to buy more, but the rate has gone down. But that doesn't necessarily mean it reduces our earnings in that case because it's new business. It's 100% growth for us, if you like, at a client level. Secondly, longer-term prognosis in terms of capital -- new capital in the reinsurance world, if not the insurance world, is subject to lots of debate at the moment internally, externally, with clients, et cetera. And you'll hear very, very different views of how fickle, sustainable, that new capital may or may not be. My personal opinion is that it is a significant development and certainly has the potential to be significant. But that's not certainly a Willis comment. We have plenty of opportunity to earn, both from the arrival of this new capital in terms of advising our clients, as well as, frankly, given our relative market share and opportunity for us to develop conquest business from our competitors. So I don't see it as a threat for us. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, sort of. It does, it does make sense. The real thing that's driving our reinsurance business at the moment is retention of existing clients and acquisition or conquest business from our competitors. Traditional reinsurance business that we are winning from our competitors. 
Steven Hearn: I probably think -- 2 comments, one to just elaborate on something Dominic said. But, yes, I can pick up the Re one, as well. In the Global number, will be headcount that came to us through an acquisition in London, which is of Prime Professions, which was an acquisition for us that I think brought in about 45 people. So you'll see that in Global. And then as Dominic says, we continue to invest in high-growth, high-margin operations. That includes our Reinsurance business, and we have hired some people in there and absolutely focused on production and client service and analytics, absolutely. This isn't about filling out back-office positions. It's very much about client-facing and dividend. 
Steven Hearn: No, you won't. As I said earlier, the key driver of revenue in Q2 was new business we won last year and business that we or on RFP tend to response, et cetera, last year. So it was existing resource. But, absolutely, as we bring in production staff into reinsurance, hopefully you'll see that recognized in successful growth going forward, for sure. 
Steven Hearn: So yes, the trend is absolutely right. It's developed over a number of years, the client, in effect, becoming more sophisticated, their needs and understanding becoming more sophisticated. And this is really where analytics has come to its fore, being able to, as you describe it, slice and dice a portfolio to optimize the reinsurance spend in terms of where the premium's going to and what they're shifting from their own balance sheet into the reinsurance community, absolutely is becoming increasingly sophisticated. That plays to the intermediary who best deploys analytic capability to their client base. And I think we do that exceptionally well. And certainly in any research that we've done blindly on the reinsurance buyer's perspective on Willis Re, the feedback is generally, if not always, that we have a very, very strong analytics proposition, as well as very strong broking talent in terms of execution. So as the client becomes more sophisticated in their needs, we've been able to deliver upon those needs. And I would attribute a lot of the recent success to being very good at it. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, it's actually -- I'd say it's a little bit of both. Clearly, we're seeing an uptick in the project work, as financing continues to come back online. So we're definitely seeing some of the larger projects, but it really sort of cuts across the whole spectrum of opportunities. 
Michael Neborak: Okay, so Jay, so it's rather complicated. And I say that because it has -- it's very sensitive to where that income comes in geographically. So, for example, here in the second quarter, I think at the end of the first quarter, I had mentioned that our tax rate in the Q2, 3 and 4 would be somewhere between 22% and 26% each of those quarters. And we came in here in the second quarter at rounded up to 21%. So I was a little bit low and off that range, principally because more income came in, in North America than what we had budgeted for. So the sensitivity of the situation is that it's a little bit perverse. The more income we have in North America, the lower our tax rate is going to be overall because that income is not getting a tax rate against it. So what I would tell you is that for the full year, I believe the full year rate will come in somewhere between 22% and 24%. Obviously, if we booked a tax rate of 19% in the first quarter and 21% in the second quarter, it's going to be higher in Q3 and Q4. I'd like to just characterize it as 22% to 24% for the whole year. Q3 is very difficult because it's our smallest net income quarter, so it's really sensitive to where the changes might be in the geographic distribution of that income. 
Michael Neborak: Next year is going to be similar, at least as we see right now to our situation here in 2013 because we'll still be within this 3-year loss period, if you will. So, therefore, more or less not permitted under GAAP to book a tax provision against our North America profits. 
Michael Neborak: So the VAT charge, about $5 million was in International and $2 million within our Global segment. So that's the $7 million. And then the accrual reverse basically was $5 million positive in Global, $3 million in International and $2 million in North America. 
Michael Neborak: So 450 people. Just to give you -- so most of those happened in the third and fourth quarter of 2012 on a net basis. Here in 2013, I think we've added 80 people. 
Michael Neborak: I think what Dominic meant delayed revenue meaning deals that got delayed, pushed into the third quarter, which kind of -- is an ongoing occurrence each quarter. So I think our third quarter -- I don't think you should look at our third quarter as being impacted by that comment. It's going to happen kind of -- and not be impacted very substantially by that at all. 
Michael Neborak: Well there's no anticipated onetime items in Q3 and Q4 coming up. I have to recall what happened in Q3 and Q4 last year. Maybe we can handle that off-line because I just don't recall what was there, but we certainly can go back and find that out for you. 
Michael Neborak: We have to grow our revenues, like we grew our revenues here in the second quarter. And as Dominic mentioned, we continue to invest quite a bit in our growth markets and, at the same time, we're looking hard at reducing the cost in our lower growth markets. 
Michael Neborak: Well, right now we have no plans to do share buyback, but we're going to talk about the topic of capital allocation very, very specifically at Investor Day on Tuesday. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, so I'll bucket it in just 3 areas: property, casualty and then financial lines, which we track as well. So in the property market, we see for the balance of year sort of a flattening to a modestly downward trend. In the casualty market, call it flattening to still modestly up, and a lot of that is going to depend upon jurisdiction, obviously, but not the same kind of trend we're seeing in property. And in financial lines, similar as to what I said in property, sort of flat to modestly down. 
Michael Neborak: Well, I won't call it lack of underwriting discipline. But I'll -- definitely excess capital. Certainly, performance of the underlying portfolios within the various underwriters. And, frankly, the lack of catastrophes that we've seen in some of those areas as well. So all of those things kind of combined to create an environment depending -- again, depending largely on the product and the geography that you're operating in. 
Michael Neborak: Well, I think we look at that, as well as a lot of other opportunities that may come to be in the market. And so we had the opportunity to extend it out and to increase the size of the revolver, which just gives us a lot more financial flexibility. So we took the opportunity that was presented to give us more financial flexibility, which may be helpful in Gras Savoye, might not, depending on what we decide to do about the option, and then just in a normal course of operating our business. 
Michael Neborak: That's a good number. It's usually around somewhere between $20 million and $25 million. Sometimes as low as $15 million. But $19 million is a good number. It jumps around a lot because we have, obviously , items in there that are related to certain foreign exchange hit record in to corporate, balance sheet foreign exchange typically gets recorded in to corporate, so it does jump around. I mean, things like the amortization of our intangibles, which we keep are steady. But then there are items that create a little bit of volatility, like some of the foreign exchange that ends up being booked there. 
Michael Nannizzi: Dominic, I think that last quarter, you implied that margin improvement in Global would be more kind of back-half-of-the-year loaded. It looks like it came in a bit earlier this time? And I was just curious was it may be less investments in the second quarter? Or was it just that revenues grew faster than you expected? Or can you just -- a little context on that? That would be great. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. So that's not -- the second quarter is not a pull-forward, if you will, of kind of the margin mix, okay. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. And then, just one question back on Re. I guess it's great you're certainly winning new business. And retention, it sounds like it's very strong as well. I guess I'm just a little surprised that alternative capital either hasn't been maybe more disruptive or that hasn't been an area, a larger contributor of growth. I mean, maybe I think John had mentioned a pipeline and that it takes time for these transactions to move through. I mean, if we look at that pipeline from here, what do we see? And is there any color on the Capital Markets side, where maybe some of that activity might be on the come. 
Michael Nannizzi: Yes, just one quick follow-up. On the financing, Mike, or actions, I guess, in terms of kind of delaying the maturity age of the revolver in the credit facility. Anything coincident about that in the option date of the Gras Savoye transaction. 
