John Haley: Yes. I think that's the amount of gross savings that we expect to come out of OIP, Greg. I think as Roger and I have talked about in the prior calls, one of our big focuses is to make sure that we get the bulk of that dropping to the bottom line. But we don't -- we don't have numbers for that until we get our 2018 guidance. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, and just to maybe emphasize that, if you look at the first half margins, in HCB, it's up from 26% to 28%; CRB, it's up from 16% to 17%; IRR was up from the 31% to 32% range, without the JLT settlement, to 36%; and Exchange Solutions was down a little bit due to growth, from 24% to 20%. But we're seeing a lot of these things drop to the bottom line this year already, and we expect to see that continue next year, but that's where our push is going to be. 
John Haley: Yes, it does. I think -- we haven't actually gone back and examined all of the different reinvestments that were made with the -- with some of the OIP things. And so I think I don't want to make a blanket statement about how these things are going to be. I think one of the things that we're very much focused on, going forward, is making sure that we prioritize and rationalize all of the investments we have within the company, and we're embarking on some new investments today, we're consolidating some old ones and we're eliminating some old ones. And so we're doing all of that and we expect them all to pay off in the future. 
John Haley: No. I don't think -- we weren't saying anything different, I think, than what we've said in the first half of the year. So what we said after the first quarter was we maintained our guidance at 2% to 3%, and I think, then, in a question, somebody asked and we said "Well, we're more likely to be at the high side of that." I think if you asked the question today, I'd say, "Yes, we're more likely to be at the high side of that." We think our outlook is pretty much where it had been. Maybe it's even a little more positive after the whole strong first half. But we don't think there's anything that's calling for us to necessarily raise our guidance now, but we feel very encouraged by the results of the first half. 
John Haley: Yes, let me just pull up the press release here. So, I'm sorry, I just had to take a quick look at that to refresh my mind. When I was talking about that, I was actually talking about the much broader thing. And I think, as we talk to our colleagues and to our investors and our analysts, there's 2 things we focus on: one is, some of the short-term commitments that we made, relatively short-term commitments we made when we were trying to do the deal as to what we were going to work on, and those are around the synergies, those are around the -- achieving some of those results. And those have -- those are very important to us. We take commitments we make to our colleagues and to investors seriously, so we want to make sure we live up to them. But frankly, when we think about the vision of what we can create at Willis Towers Watson, and what we can do in the longer run, that's much greater than the short-term commitments, and that's what I was referring to in the press release. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, and Roger, you may want to add to this, too, but I think the -- we had a few really large projects that we had worked on last year in 2016 that we knew were not going to be repeating. 
John Haley: Particularly big things in the Northeast. And so in the second quarter of 2016, we had 6 accounts over $500,000 and it was a total revenue of nearly $4.6 million. And we knew that these were big projects that weren't necessarily going repeated, or well just weren't going to repeat. In quarter 2, we have 2 accounts that are $1.8 million there. So there's a bit of a decline there. But if we just step back from those and look at the business overall, I think we're pretty optimistic about the rest of the business and what is going on there. So as I said in the script, we feel pretty good about the momentum in the CRB business going forward and in particular, I call out North America as a place where we expect the revenues to build in the second half of the year. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- I do think that we've sort of passed an inflection point. I think 2016 was a tough year, overall, particularly for North America, but I think it's trending up this year. And again, remember, we did, overall CRB, we did grow by 2% for the first half of the year. 
John Haley: Yes, it was a whole team in South Florida here, and that was in -- gosh, I want to say the fall, maybe October of last year or something like that. 
John Haley: I mean, just -- Shlomo, just to be clear about that, I think we did talk about that in some of the earnings call because we talked about the fact that we lost the people in that revenue. 
John Haley: No, I mean, look, I think we had a very strong first half. We still feel pretty confident about what we're going to achieve. But I think -- we don't want to keep on, when we do well, raise the target until we make sure at some point, we don't hit it. So I mean, that's just not the game we're interested in playing. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that's right, Roger. And look, this is a business that is really in its infancy. And so there's a lot of cross currents that are occurring right now. We feel pretty good about being able to operate in what's a very high-growth business. We feel very good about being -- operate at a reasonable margin now. But we do think that when this builds scale and the market comes down, we are going to have an opportunity to achieve even higher margins. 
John Haley: Yes, I think, to your second question, Mark, there's really nothing we see that are big flows between quarter 3 and quarter 4 at this time, so nothing to report there. 
John Haley: Okay, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to talking to you at our third quarter earnings call in November. 
Roger Millay: Maybe, Greg, just to add to that, because as John alluded to, we're most focused on margins. So as we look at the first half of the year and the enhancement of operating -- adjusted operating margin, that's where we look to see if the savings, both for integration and for OIP, whether they're impacting the company, which is why I spent the time I did going through the first half margins. 
Roger Millay: And I think, also, just in our planning approach last year, rather than go back and try and figure out history and make tactical decisions based on what had happened in the past, we think that by putting emphasis, going forward, in the organization on margin enhancement, the prioritization process will naturally come out. If there were investments, 2, 3 years ago that aren't paying off, that, that's where people will go to enhance margins. If those investments were working, then they’ll go somewhere else. So that's the – we thought the most productive approach. 
Roger Millay: Yes, so maybe, kind of do a macro thing first and then a little bit on the seasonality. So we continue to view this kind of range that we've talked about, 23% to 24% as being the landing point from a run rate, without any discrete items of where Willis Towers Watson began its life, so to speak. And last year, as you know, we came in a bit lower than that because of discrete benefits that we talked about last year and that I talked about in my remarks. And so we particularly wanted to highlight this quarter that those discrete benefits last year came mostly in the second half of the year. So when you step back from the tax rate, and if you'd seen last year, without those discrete benefits, the first quarter, we expect going forward, will be below mark for the adjusted tax rate. And then quarters 2, 3, and 4 will be higher. And it is kind of unfortunate the way the dynamics of the accounting work between the operating results and the adjusting items, but because the adjusting items are in higher tax locations, when you add those back, they add to the tax rate, so that's what you see between the GAAP rate and the adjusted rate. But also then, in periods of lower operating profitably, you get this big spike, so that's what you get in quarters 2, 3 and 4. So I think that's going to be the trend, and I think this year, it's looking like the quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter rates are going to be pretty true to that trend. 
Roger Millay: Yes, so we would expect -- and this is without getting into predicting kind of plus or minus 1 point, or maybe even plus or minus 2 points, but the high 20s rate that we came in for the second quarter, we would expect to be in the higher 20s in the third and fourth quarters as well. And if you do the arithmetic for 23% to 24% versus where we are for the first half, that's what you get as well. 
Roger Millay: And we had talked about that, I think, when people have asked us questions about some of the turnover and things like that. So it's nothing new from what we've talked about. 
Roger Millay: We have talked about that, a lot. Because it's the one area -- it's really the one specific thing that we've identified consistently that was a departure kind of out of the norm. 
Roger Millay: Yes, so let me deal with the second one first. So when we look at the unallocated net, we typically will expect that to run at an expense level that's probably more in the range of what you see for the 6-month period. When you look at those numbers, it is more consistent 6-month over 6-month. The reason for the volatility between the first quarter and the second quarter is that we did have some movement between expenses booked at the corporate level in the first quarter that were then pushed out to the business, so released or created income in that nonoperating line, and pushed out to the businesses, the segments in the second quarter. So that's not a net impact to margins of the company, and something that you generally wouldn't expect to happen. We just had that movement this period between the first and the second quarters. In terms of overall margins, and maybe just to go back to what we talked about with Greg's question. So I think the clearest way to look at the margin management success of the company is to look at operating margins. And if you step back from first half operating margins, our operating margin was up some 50, 60 basis points by itself. But then, if you adjust for the fine arts and jewelry settlement, that will give you another 100 basis points or so -- or actually, I think it was up 70 basis points without that. So you have about 170 basis points of operating margin improvement without fine arts and jewelry, which was not operating last year, so you do have to back that out. So I think that's the best indicator of our margin momentum. I think when you look at EBITDA margin, it is complicated this quarter because of this FX-related hit that we took for intercompany and balance sheet items which does bounce around, but it's nonoperating in nature. So I think you have to back that out, and that's why I think operating margin is a clear indicator. So we think we're on track. As you've said, we've maintained the guidance. In our plans, we think the second half is achievable, the organization is very focused on it, I think, John talked about some of the segment progress, you can see everybody's focused, I think. 
Roger Millay: Yes, I mean, I think it's the whole company, is in the game. So it's not just the segments, but it's also all the functional areas, which you might recall, that's where a lot of the integration activities are happening. So it is by creating plans and managing the plans throughout the company to enhance margins. I mean, that's how we're going to steadily get there over the next 18 months. 
Roger Millay: John, you probably have some thoughts on this, but maybe I'll start. I mean I don't think there's been any change in how we view where Exchange Solutions should be. They should be at least at the overall average margin targets of the company, if not with growth, leveraging -- it is more of an operating type business than the administration and related exchanges areas, so as scale is built, with the opportunity, at some point, to have above average company margins. 
Roger Millay: Yes, so for pension, specifically, I think there was roughly $250 million of outflow last year, and we think it's going to be a bit below $200 million this year. Overall kind of puts and takes in the first half cash flows, we do have some absorption from working capital in the first half. You see that in the cash flow statement. We have a bid in CapEx, so I think we've talked about this in the past, but you would expect during integration to have a bit of a bump up in capital expenditures as a result of the big IT consolidation projects we have, as well as the big real estate projects, and you're starting to see that more in the first half of this year. And then, as I mentioned in my remarks, you also have an impact from the bonus payments year-over-year, so a bit more cash going out this year because of the half year only payment to the Legacy Towers Watson folks last year. 
Roger Millay: So CapEx was $20 million over last year. I mean, I don't know if I should call last year a fairly normal year, but we didn't have a lot of -- because the CapEx projects themselves take a while to -- they tend to be more complex type areas, so that's probably the best benchmark that we have about how much in the first half was above normal. 
