Joseph Plumeri: Thank you very much, Michael. I know this call is running late, we started late because we wanted to make sure as many people that could be on, would be on. And I'll just finish with a couple of comments. The first half of the year is behind us. And as you probably heard, each of the segment had discussed their businesses and some of the issues we faced this year and we're very confident that because the first half of the year is over that a lot of things go away and many things show up in second half. Importantly, I hope you have an appreciation as to why we're optimistic about the second half of 2012. Loan Protector, that comparison is behind us, thank goodness. And last year's fraudulent activity, that we talked about has just one more quarter to go in terms of difficult comparisons and that goes away. But this company's not watching in a rearview mirror. It's all about the road ahead and about doing everything we can to drive revenue growth and expand margins in a continuing difficult global economy. We spent the first half of this year relentlessly executing our revenue initiatives with great emphasis on building pipelines. Sales 2.0 and Will Place are starting to kick in, as you heard, and we believe our pipelines are primed and expected they should benefit our top line going forward.  As Vic mentioned earlier, our producer headcount in North America is finally on the upswing after years of playing defense against defections. Retention is back up, and that, combined with those filling pipelines, should mean more revenue. Tim and Steve are in the process of reorganizing their businesses in order to optimize top and bottom lines. We're already seeing good flow of transactions across our businesses, including a few large deals that I said earlier we expected we're closing the second quarter, but we're pushed into the second half of this year. And we will continue to manage our expense growth as you come to expect us from us here at Willis, where the revenues exceed the expenses, which did not happen in the second quarter, which is the reason why most of decline on the margin took place. I'll end it there with the hope that you can sense that the excitement that we feel going forward into the second half of this year is real.  Thank you very much and we'll take questions at this point. 
Joseph Plumeri: In think that and the fact that you'll have better revenue growth in the second half because of our EB platform. So the combination of growth, better growth in EB and the reception of the contingents together, Keith, I think will make for a better outcome. 
Joseph Plumeri: I'll make additional comment, Keith. When we did the HRH transaction, we did it the worst possible time we could do it and people forget that. We closed that deal in October 2008. The timing couldn't be worse. It was a good deal to do it, timing couldn't be worse. We bought a company that had 280 different -- before, 280 acquisitions were all disparate. And to integrate all of those offices and to make one company at a time when interest, when the economy was bad, when the markets were terrible, the credit markets were closed, and obviously, rates were very, very soft, and to do all of that at the same time and create a culture is difficult. So you're not going to spend time with new accounts and pipelines, you're going to spend time keeping people, changing systems, integrating cultures, that takes long in itself, and then you throw the economic conditions on top of that in the U.S. just simply took longer. So instead of concentrating on pipelines, you're concentrating on holding onto accounts, people that left, people weren't making as much money, other people who are trying to get them by giving them more money and guaranteeing them deals over a period of time. I mean, all of this stuff we have fought, and I would tell you that at this stage of the game, halfway point to 2012, even though it's 4 years later and even though it's taken a lot of time and a lot of frustration, I think most of that's over. When you have the deal like the fraud that took place in Chicago that we talked about, we needed like a hole in that. But those things happen and you fight through it and you got to separate structural systemic problems from issues that occurred because of what happened with HRH, what happens in the economy and the things that we've been through. And I think we're through all that. So the question about why all of that now had to do with what you were doing at the time to make sure that the business was right, it was being downsized, things we're merged, offices were integrated, we integrated on over 60 offices in the U.S., which was a chore in itself. But that is all behind us and I think we're ready for growth. If you add up all the things that Vic talked about, which is we have one lost account, which probably caused us 1 point. We had the EB issues would probably cost us another point. You had EB fraud, Loan Protector and all of those things. When you start to add it up, you're in positive ground. And when that stuff goes away, which most of it will go away, we got one more quarter of the fraud in Chicago, you're going to start to see the growth that we expected to see all along. It just happened to start late because we were playing different game than everybody else. So if you compare us to the others, I don't think it's a suitable comparison because they didn't go through where we went through. But that's the way the game is played. We made the deal, I'm glad we made it now, we got a great platform in the U.S., it just took a little bit longer. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think you'll see, relative to what Tim just said, I think you'll see and we're looking at in terms of our numbers, were looking at probably a restoration in the second half to what the numbers that we've usually put up in International return, Keith. 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, we track pipelines very, very heavily in the company. We've always tracked them, I think, remarkably closely on a week-to-week basis. And basically, what we believe is, is we look at our business plans and we say how much new business has to be done to reach certain levels of revenue activity. And then what we say is that we take 30% or so that we need to convert a prospect to one account. So the coverage in our pipelines, you'll have to be robust at least to the tune of 2x or 3x that which we actually need to be able to generate the business that we want to generate. So what we're saying is, is that one time would be kind of close to the best, 2x gives us enough coverage. So you heard Vic talked about approaching 3x by the end of the year. I would say that the company's in the 2x to 2.5x range. Vic's made a point of the fact that it's a big deal now. Simply, Vic, because they got time getting new business rather than holding on the business, which is the point that he was trying to make. So this is something we're very excited about. And so when you see, it's like how many ships are going to come in, tell many how you many ships you sent out. And I'm telling in our case, these pipelines look very, very good, so it gives us a greater sense of predictability as it relates to the future, Cliff. 
Joseph Plumeri: So what you're seeing is as you remember it was $65 million last year, $35 million this year and he's telling you that it's in the 20-ish range. So every year's going to be growing less. So you're picking up $15 million or whatever the case may be, which is also all going to auger well with regard to our numbers next year and look pretty confident that, that's the number. Again another example of as the world continues to go on for Willis, the numbers get better. 
Joseph Plumeri: The capital markets did great. The problem is, is that the deals that they did great with didn't hit. As I said in my commentary, we have a high expectation that there'll be a lot of activity in the second half that will result in, I think, in a considerable amount of business. I just can't tell you how much. It's very lumpy. We have no control over these things closing, but I can tell you that they're in the stage, stages of closing. In one case, one deal was 2 days into the quarter. I just can't announced what that was, but I can tell you that the second half should be pretty bountiful, frankly. And I know that that's a big word. 
Joseph Plumeri: As I said before, the succession planning process continues, the board is obviously concentrating on that. Everybody knows my contract is up next July. I'm concentrating on this business, which you can hear, I hope you can hear in my voice is, I think, going to be very, very exciting going forward. And they're worried about succession and I'm worried about running this business every day. I'm going to eliminate the word worry. I'm excited about running the business every day and seeing the clarity get better and better and better. 
Joseph Plumeri: I obviously can't answer that. But you'll get -- as soon as I know, you'll know. How's that? And everybody will know at the same time. But it's something obviously, that the board is working on and I mean it. The succession planning, when you get somebody that's been around as long as I have, you take very seriously, you start, you go through a big process and I let them do that, and we're doing this. And hopefully, you get a sense that what we're doing here is exciting. I think it is exciting. I think that the worst is over. A lot of stuff that we had to trudge our way through is almost behind us except for a couple of things in the third quarter, which should not affect the third quarter in a big way. I think all that stuff is behind us. But I can't tell you anything more than that. I mean, it'll happen, it'll happen. And we'll let you know, obviously. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think it's obviously, higher than what it is now. And the 2% is not acceptable. What we've tried to do very hard is to give you a sense of all of the things that aren't in there, that if you added them back in, what you would get is more than 2%. And that -- by virtue of that, we think we would cover our expenses very well. So without telling you that, I've tried to give you examples of, if you added 1% more back for this and 1% more back for that and 1% more back to that and then what didn't hit in capital markets, et cetera, et cetera, you're not 2% anymore, you're up there pretty good where we think your level where our expenses are covered. 
Joseph Plumeri: Yes, I think it's a revenue issue. I don't think we have a cost issue. I think we do cost pretty well in this place, we always have. That's been one of the things that people have always suggested that we do very well. I think that it's simply a revenue issue. When you have International at 2% when it's usually 6% or 7%, that doesn't help margins, and if you listened and you guide North America, at minus 2% or 3%, depending upon that word again, Loan Protector, that's going to be positive one day, because that's going to go away. And I think the global will continue to grow and continue to be strong if you heard what Steve had to say. So I think it's more of a revenue issue, which you're going to start to see coming to the fore like it used to in the past. So I don't think it's a cost issue at all, that's why we didn't spend a lot of time talking about it. I think we've been very judicious about our cost, the issue is revenue. And when you're generating 2% revenue in a quarter, maybe for all the reasons we mentioned, but it is 2%, that's got to improve and we believe it will, that's the reason why we spend so much time trying to give you some comfort around the fact that we're concentrating on that. If you'll look at the margin that Mike went through, 150 basis points of the margin decline came from the fact that the revenue was less than the expense. And not because we spent too much, because you got 2% revenue growth. You're not going to do wonderful things. That's the issue, which we think and hopefully you've heard in our voices, we think will change. 
Joseph Plumeri: I'd be glad to respond to it. First of all, you heard from the people who run our businesses. And you could hear, hopefully, you could hear, they're very articulate, they know what they're doing, they might be around here a long time. Vic's been around here for over 12 years. Steve's been around here since the HRH acquisition 4 years ago and has run reinsurance and run Glenn Karent [ph] before that, and now runs the global businesses. These are not neophytes. Tim's been around for more than, if I count the times that he was here helping us on a consultancy basis, has been here a long time. These are seasoned executives, so that we're not filling these holds with people who don't know what they're doing, that's number one. Number two, we had, and I could really appreciate that if I were you, and I'm sitting on the other side and I'm looking at some of the difficulties Willis has had, and then I see people leaving, it doesn't feel right, it feels like something's wrong in the place. And I'm saying to myself and I say to my colleagues, these people think there's something wrong. The fact of the matter is that there's nothing wrong structurally or systemically. We simply had 3 people that left, 4 people actually, 3 of whom, let's put it this way, we left on a mutual basis, 1 decided to go pursue something else, and that was Grahame Millwater after 26 years of being here, and the other was mutual and I don't want to give into that. But it wasn't because that caused any structural or systemic problem or there was any issue in the company or there was a revolution or there was any of those things, but I could understand how it would appear that way on the outside when you couple the results and you couple people leaving, you'll say that's a shift that really bothers me, that might be going in a direction we don't want. That is not the case. That would be a big mistake to assume that. 
Joseph Plumeri: For every, that's a tough answer because I don't know how each individual of you feel. Everybody has different aspirations. You've got different estimates for the second half. All I can tell you is how we feel. And hopefully, I've expressed how we feel and we feel very good. We've experienced stuff that I've never experienced in 45 years, to be honest with you. But I'm a fighter like everybody else, and you go through those patches, you go through slumps. And it's the people who dust themselves off and get back in the game, and I hope you're getting a sense that we've gotten back in the game and we're in the game in a big way. And the second half is going to be better. Relative to what each individual of you think better is, I can't tell you that because I can't give you a single answer against what each individual might feel. You're going to have to figure that out for yourself. But what you're getting is we feel like the second half is going to be better. 
Joseph Plumeri: If you're asking, is there more big expense to come to fill this out? The answer is no. Whatever expense is going to come from Will Place is actually going to be in the rollout and implementation phase which is nothing compared to the technology in building the algorithms, Jay, that went into that. I might also add that's really unique about this, that it's also coupled with the Willis Quality Index, which gives us the ability to show our clients what quality measures we've given each carrier in various categories of measure of service. So the quality index is part of selling to the client. This is the best match for you, and you ought to know this is how we scored the carriers against each kind of category like service, claims, paying, how quick they send out the contracts and things of that nature and policy. So it is different than everybody else and this is just something that will be full bloom and manifest itself certainly in the second half of the year and certainly next year. 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, if you're asking, a, it's going up. But as I said earlier, and Mike said earlier, it's going up at a lesser pace, at a lesser rate. So it will cost us less next year. If you're asking has this method of paying people, retained them, because it's called the retention award, I think the answer is yes. There are a lot of people, I can't give you a metric, all I know is that our turnover is low, it's in the low double digits, the 12% to 10% range, which as you know, pretty low for a large corporation, but we've never done a survey to find out whether or not the retention award has kept people here. But our sense is, that if you look at the numbers, that it has. 
Joseph Plumeri: I guess I can answer that question. I can only tell you that from a capital markets point of view, I have never seen the pipeline be as robust as it is today. And mainly in M&A activity. I'd say almost exclusively M&A activity. We're doing a lot of cap bonds, cap bonds have picked up, as you know, a lot. If you want to hear about that, Steve can talk to you or Peter can talk about that. But the M&A activity in the pipeline is huge, I think we'll see lots of deals hit in the second half. But it's almost daily now when Tony Ursano is telling me we've picked up this and we picked up this and we're getting a retainer on that and there's just a lot of things going on. Now I don't know what that tells you other than the fact that I guess insurance companies are looking at the future and saying, "How could we consolidate and sure up our businesses?" 
Joseph Plumeri: No, there's nothing in the company's bylines -- bylaws, excuse me, that have to do with age or ethnic consideration. There's nothing that says you can't hire an old Italian American. 
Joseph Plumeri: There's nothing to -- I'll respond to it by saying there's nothing in the bylines that prohibit that. 
Joseph Plumeri: All right. Our business, you got to understand, Mark, is a middle market business in the United States and the middle market is whether Obamacare stays in, stays out, whatever, these people have lots of issues one way or the other with regard to how they're going to take the dollar they have and be able to use it on a maximum basis. And our platform, which is called Total Rewards, allows people to make decisions based upon how much they have to spend on a voluntary basis against the backdrop of each employee. That's why we're so bullish about our Employee Benefits business or what we call human capital, because it does just that. 
Victor Krauze: It's hard to predict that exactly because we haven't received any of them yet. We've also just started implementing those contracts for April -- in April as opposed to for the full year, but I expect that in the long haul, they will replace it. 
Victor Krauze: Well, all I can tell you, Keith, is from when I stepped into the job, I have to take a look at the basics of the business. It's, in my mind, not a very complex business, and you have to focus on pipelines, you have to focus on growing producers, and you have to focus on retention. I can't really comment on my competitors, but I know what it takes to get this business growing and that's what I'm focused on. 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic. Those are going to be based on predominantly growth, but some of them may have profitability components. Every one of those contracts is negotiated individually state-by-state because that's the nature of that business. So there's going to be a variety of different ways we achieve those. 
Victor Krauze: I would say that the conversion rates still need to improve in my mind, we've been tracking them. The first thing we needed to do is fill the pipelines, get to a point where we had something to measure and track. And as we go forward, I would expect them to improve. 
Victor Krauze: I don't think we signed any uptick in Employee Benefits due to that. We still feel very bullish about that line of business. We're investing in that business because I think if you have the resources and the specialties in place, volatility gives you an opportunity to distinguish yourself, and that's why we're looking at it. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Joe. Yes, it is a great question. We're obviously familiar with our competitors' platforms and how they've approached this. We started with a client and it's a very, as I said, in the words I delivered earlier, it's a very client-centric system. So as part of the sales process in our Retail business and I don't know what our Global business is, is we engage with the client, we understand what their appetite and tolerance is for various factors around security, risk, pricing, the quality of the capacity that's provided, et cetera. So there's an engagement with the client directly in putting their appetite in terms of those types of characteristics within the system. The system then through its algorithms, looks at our global marketplace in terms of the carriers and their appetite to write certain risks either in byproduct class, geography and their appetite in terms of engaging with our client base. So it's very, very client centric. Other systems, without being too specific, are driven, I believe, by the desire of the organizations that have built them rather than being necessarily client centric. And that's the key differentiator. And I think that's recognized and recognized by the marketplace with which we trade. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, yes. It's actually a very good description of it. Absolutely, there are efficiency gains which we can get out of our broking activity as well, but it is absolutely about matching the right carrier with the right clients. And that takes out some efficiency, and there's all sorts of benefits out of that. Economic, certainly compliance in terms of making sure we've got the right proposition in front of the right customer, all sorts of benefits. But your description's accurate. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I think no. It doesn't do that at the moment. I wouldn't want to mislead you obviously, but not do that at the moment. Yes, so I think probably if you envision further down the track in a couple of years time, we've got simplistic transactions where we have facilities in place, where the transaction is simple, absolutely. The moment we'll place hits on top of the core accounting and settlement transactional systems. So there's a way to go, I think, before we'd be in that position. But yes, absolutely part of our vision for the future. 
Steven Hearn: The fundamental investments already been made, actually. As I said earlier, we've now rolled this out in all of our key volume territories, the technologies in place in those operations. It's capitalized cost in many respects and the big investment's done. I mean, you've got that reflected in our numbers. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, we did some work last year in terms of profitability around reinsurance relationship dividend which, as you say, had some benefit in Q3. The track on our reinsurance business, as you've seeing yet again, continues to perform very well. And as I said earlier, born out of new business and some REIT, also good retention and that we expect that momentum to be continued through Q3 and Q4. So I don't see that being an issue for us in Q3. 
Steven Hearn: And I think, if may add, Joe. I think your thesis right. I mean, if we take a longer-term view in terms of consolidation in that area, there've to be more transactions and that we have close connection between our reinsurance business and our insurance businesses as well as the capital markets business. There should be an increase in, and as Joe says, robust pipeline for Willis Capital Markets, no question. 
