Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, certainly, as you look across the legacy segments of both firms, there were areas that came in a little bit softer. And I think the legacy Towers Watson RFS segment is one of those pieces. As we mentioned, the Talent and Rewards business came in softer than we expected, and we're not seeing the kind of project activity that we saw there last year. And then international, within legacy Willis and the CWR segment, is a little bit softer. So I think those are all the areas that were a little bit off where we expected. We do think that some of the elements there are timing in nature. So perhaps, you might look at our guidance and be surprised that we're not a little bit more muted. But we think that in Asia, we've mentioned Asia and international, there were some deals that didn't come in, in the first quarter, but we've seen them coming in later in the year. And also as I mentioned, there were -- in a couple of segments, there were some tougher comparables that don't repeat later in the year. So we think a little bit muted is the way to look at it. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, broadly, we were focused on efficiency of capital structure and efficiency of intercompany arrangements as we structure the legal entity set up for the merger. We do have intercompany debt there, of course, and that is one of the elements that drives our tax efficiencies. And we're mindful of other opportunities and continue to work on it. So -- and I think as we mentioned in our press release and discussion a month or 2 ago, given that our merger was closed in January and the new treasury regulations came out in April, we're very comfortable with the sustainability of our structure and the tax synergies that we mentioned. 
Roger Millay: Well, thanks, Michael. Look, I think this goes back to the overall merger strategy and set up and what we're implementing. I can't really comment on the margin gap that you just articulated, but it doesn't sound all that dissimilar to what we were thinking about when we set the 25% EBITDA margin target for the overall company. We think there's opportunity there. We think that OIP is clearly a great asset to have as we move towards that target and is producing real results. So we do think, as you look at some comparables, that there's opportunity to enhance margin, and we're on the case. So I think that's the margin piece. I would say broadly, and maybe John wants to comment on this a little bit, relative to our past experience, but when you look at the growth results here versus other players in the market, first, legacy Willis was moving the last couple of years organically in that 3% to 4% range. There were some headwinds this quarter. Some of those were, again, timing in nature, including the pipeline adjustments that we talked about, which was probably worth about 0.5 point of growth. So I think you consider the overall merger activity and you look at comparables, and I think -- again, we're confident in improved growth -- organic growth as we go through the year, and while, again, a little bit muted, we think we're in an okay place here as we start the year. 
Roger Millay: Well, I mean, I guess, I'll comment first. Look, I think that we're very committed to and very focused on our integration activities, completing the OIP program and driving to the 25% margin, and we believe that, that 25% margin is in the range of what we see competitors achieve. The operating team and our overall leadership is aligned around that goal. So we will drive towards that goal through our businesses and through our operating leaders. So, think, I mean, I'm not sure exactly what you're getting at in your question, but I think it's the alignment. Again, it's observing what others can do in our market and the alignment with our business leaders that's going to achieve success here. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Yes, that's exactly right. And again, I'll say, I guess, we feel your pain relative to the differences between the 2 legacy companies. So that's why we pointed out those numbers as we now move the second quarter to the new segments. And the way we'll talk about them on a consistent basis, all amortization of intangibles will be excluded from adjusted operating earnings. So exactly what you said. And we think that will provide much greater clarity year-to-year. You won't have that M&A impact of intangibles interfering with the clarity of how operating margins are moving. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think maybe Shlomo, just a few other things that we might have mentioned. We think that investment will do better the rest of the year than it did in the first quarter, just based on the pipeline that we see. One of the things that I think we alluded to, we haven't really discussed in the Q&A here, is the impact in Talent and Rewards of the sale of the Human Resource Service Delivery business. So we'll lap that at some point this year. Talent Rewards, I think the headline numbers make it look worse this quarter than it really is. And I guess, John said, there are some tough comparables from projects they had going on at this time last year that won't repeat. And then you do have, again some of the timing things we mentioned before. So I think again we've gone through each of the business lines, looked at them closely and we do think that this kind of muted view of mid-single-digit organic growth is really what our momentum reflects at this point. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, again, the trajectory that we expect from an EBITDA margin point of view, and I won't say necessarily every quarter. But given our focus, we expect gradually improving EBITDA margins. For this quarter particularly, one thing that we mentioned just briefly in the script that was a little bit stronger than our forecast and led to some of the margin enhancement, again, versus what we expected is Gras Savoye came in stronger in the first quarter than expected. Some of that was just due to some revenue accounting comparability between the 2 firms. So we haven't changed our view on the full year for Gras Savoye, and they're coming in nicely, but it did give some acceleration into the first quarter.  I think otherwise, OIP savings are flowing in. I think the team was attentive. And you might recall, if you followed both the legacy companies, there was cost activity going on as we entered the merger in both companies, and we're seeing a benefit of that. So I think, otherwise, there's disciplined operating activity going on. I mean, we did mention again -- and it is unfortunate with the project cancellation that we mentioned earlier, but when you look at the 2 parts of legacy Willis that were farthest advanced in the OIP program, both North America and GB are seeing a benefit now in their margins of OIP. Unfortunately, in GB, because of the cancellation, it's not as visible as it otherwise would have been. 
Roger Millay: Well, yes. I mean, I think it was in the script that there was about $50 million, a little over $50 million of FX impact on the revenue line. I don't know that we gave an EPS impact, but it would be modest.  And just to note, going forward, you'll note that our guidance on FX is a little bit lower than where the pound and the euro are now. So there's probably a single-digit -- from an EPS point of view, single digit kind of sense potential upside if rates stayed the way they are now. 
Roger Millay: As I just mentioned, it's to some extent, maybe the main driver, the continuing success in Health and Welfare administration business, and the new clients, as we've been talking about, over the last year or so. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, it's certainly over 50%. Probably reasonably over 50% in the first half. And pretty much all the profit is in the first half. 
John Haley: Yes, Roger, I guess I would just -- maybe just to follow-up just a little bit on what Roger said. When we look back as to where Willis had been over the last 3 years against our main competitor, Willis grew, the revenue growth was actually higher than our main competitors. We've outlined what we think are some of the specifics for why the growth was somewhat off this quarter, but we don't expect those to be continuing issues. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks, Shlomo. I think generally, there -- all things around Exchange Solutions were really looking pretty positive there. We did benefit from the biggest retiree client we'd ever implemented. And so that added a lot of lives. But we have now, as of the middle of last year, we had -- we were up to a little -- close to $1.2 million, just under $1.2 million of total covered lives from 730,000 the year before. We'll be growing that again this year. So the lives are going up everywhere. We are seeing -- we're beginning to see some of the increased selling in the mid-market that we had expected. It's still early days for that. And I mean -- I think when I went through the different revenue synergies, I acknowledge, we're seeing these things for the Exchange Solutions and for some of the others, but it's still really early. I mean, most of those revenue synergies, we will see them in the back half of the 3 years, not in the end. I think the important thing from my viewpoint, though, is how quickly we're starting to at least see some of them come in, and it's very encouraging for the long-term trend. I think -- so it was really a confluence of different things, but on Exchange Solutions, we're delighted with just the growth in the retirees, in the actives and really across the board there. 
John Haley: Yes. Generally, we've been doing that -- we'll probably do that -- Analyst Day is really when we're going to have some good numbers, Shlomo. That's what it's been the last year or 2. And the problem, as you know, is that the selling season, of course, for the middle market runs throughout the year pretty much, but the larger part of the middle market and the large market, it's not over until really June or July or sometime there. So it's awhile before we have really good information. 
John Haley: So let me just say this about that. As Roger said, it was -- it probably knocked about 0.5% off the growth rate. It was something -- it was sort of a one-time event that caused this, we think, but we don't necessarily -- this is the kind of thing that we might have seen as reversed in the remainder of the year. And so we're not banking on that, but that's not impossible. 
John Haley: I think the muted growth is really a reflection of an overall mosaic of what's going. And I think what Roger, I think, was trying to paint is a picture that looks like this. We have some specific items that we can see that caused some issues here and like the pipeline, and so we see that. Even if it doesn't come back, it's not going to be a repeat during the rest of the year. So we're sort of past that in some respects there. When we look at it -- and you saw particularly when I was going through the legacy Towers Watson, we had some very tough comparables from a year ago. You saw a little bit of that when Roger was going through the legacy Willis things. The comparables get easier as we go through the year. So we're not saying that everything is going to pick up exactly to where it might have been. But overall, we're not feeling that down beat about the growth which will -- we think it will be a little bit lower than we thought going into the year, but we're not necessarily that far off. 
John Haley: I think, partly, the comps get better. I mean, I think if you look at some of the -- let me just give you one example, if you look at some of the bulk on some work that was very heavy in the first quarter of calendar 2015 and faded off somewhat in the remainder of the year. 
John Haley: And Roger just, I guess, the other -- and to make sure we're clear about it, is that quarter 1 and quarter 2, to a lesser extent, are seasonally strong for EBITDA, for margins. And that's true in lot of the legacy Willis segments. It's certainly true in the Exchange Solutions, which is quite heavily weighted that way. So while we expect to have strong margin performance throughout the year, the strongest part of it is this first quarter, and to a lesser extent, the second quarter. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, look, the OIP is -- one of the single most important things we're focusing on right now is to make sure that those savings do indeed drop to the bottom line. And it's a -- it's one of the major focuses of the operating committee, is to make sure that we see those go through. And we're going to be looking very, very carefully at any reinvestment and try to maximize the amount that drops through. We'll probably -- I think, I mentioned earlier, we'll be able to give you more color around that at the Analyst Day in September, but that is one of the 2 or 3 major focuses of the organization at this point. 
John Haley: Yes. Okay, so thanks very much. Let me just start off addressing that. So look, when we -- we didn't mean to signal any change from anything we said before. What Roger was saying is we expect to have a few hundred million dollars available in the second half of the year, which is I think always what we had talked about. This formulation that we said that what we want to do is maximize shareholder return. Generally, if we can find a very attractive acquisition, that's probably the way we could do that best, and we're always looking to do that. But as a practical matter, there's no way we're going to do any kind of really major acquisition in the first year or 1.5 year of this merger. We have work to do there, even a more modest acquisition. If there was something that was a unique property, that if we didn't buy it now, there wouldn't be an opportunity to buy one like that in the future, we might consider something like that. But in general, we're going to have higher standards for doing any acquisitions. But our overall approach has always been acquisitions are first, but we have some high standards for doing that, so it's hard to find them. And then after that, we want to return the cash to shareholders. I think our free cash flow is going to be the major source of how we can do that, and we're looking to, in general, deploy a lot of our free cash flow over the coming years to be doing share repurchases. We don't need any kind of a specific authorization from the board. We don't need any new authorization. We have about $500 million authorization that already exists. And so whatever we would be thinking about doing this year, we're already set for that. 
John Haley: Okay. So, I think one of the things that has gratified the whole management team and our board, we're discussing with them, is the very positive reaction we have had from our colleagues around the world to this merger. And I think unlike some other mergers I've been involved in, in the past where you're buying firms where there's lot of overlap, sometimes there's angst among folks as to what their position is going to be in the new organization. With Willis Towers Watson and the relatively limited overlap we had, we've seen, I think more energy and excitement among colleagues at an earlier stage than we ever have before. We have been looking at our turnover statistics. There's nothing out of the ordinary. In fact, if anything, they're a little bit lower than I might have expected. I think that we expect that we'll see normal turnover -- I was prepared for turnover actually, especially maybe last year between announcement and the closing to be a little bit higher than usual. We did not see that. And I think that, again, goes back to the enthusiasm that our colleagues around the world have had for this. 
John Haley: So just on that, I think, like everyone else, we're following the debate there, and there's -- some people are concerned about the impact of some uncertainty in the U.K., although I think the uncertainty leading up to the vote is probably as great as anything they would see, too. We see basically some cons and some pros. The London insurance market could see some premium declines accelerate. The insurance centers could move elsewhere. On the other hand, there is added complexity in the marketplaces, in general, something that's good for consulting firms and for brokers. There would be issues around if people did move legal entities or capital or staffing, that would create opportunities for us, in particular, could benefit CRB and HCB . So I think there would clearly be some short-term dislocations. We generally feel that when there are dislocations in the market, it favors companies that are agile and nimble and flexible, and we like to think of ourselves that way. Okay. We're going to take one more question 
John Haley: Yes, there's almost no real project revenue in Exchange Solutions. It comes from collecting the commissions or other fees paid for the employees, but there's not a lot of special project revenue at all. 
John Haley: Yes. But again, that is -- those are usually -- Tim -- those are like long-term deals where we'll sign up the client for a 5-year deal or something like that. And every once in a while, there's a big law change. That part of the business might have some special projects, but relatively rarely. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you on the Willis Towers Watson earnings call in August. So long. 
