Charles Peters: I want to first focus in on the organic revenue results. And more importantly, I'm looking at your slide deck, Slide 11, where you talk about the expectation of delivering mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for '22, if I were to read the tea leaves, getting the most pushback on the results for last year, driven by the unusual book sales and other anomalies going through it. So Carl and Andrew, maybe you could give us a little bit more color on why you think you're going to be able to produce a mid-single-digit organic revenue result for the full year. And it certainly seems like the Risk and Broking will have some headwinds at least in the first half of the year. So some additional color there would be helpful. 
Charles Peters: Carl, in that answer, you highlighted hires. Maybe you could just give us some additional color on the hires versus what had transpired last year, which was a lot of departures. 
Charles Peters: I guess the final question would be just as you're hiring -- bringing in new people, there's a lag between the time they hit the books and hit the P&L statement from an expense standpoint to the time they're actually producing and generating revenue. And depending on the situation, that lag can be up to over a year. So I guess what I'm ultimately getting at is you're making these investments and yet you're also forecasting adjusted margin expansion for the full year '22. So I'm just trying to reconcile the investment piece, which seems to be necessary, versus your expectation for adjusted margin improvement. 
Carl A. Hess: Sure, Greg. And thank you. So a couple of points. I guess we're expecting, as we said, right, mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the company. And though we're not giving segment level guidance on that, we are -- there are a few clarifying points I think we can make. We do think CRB is going to continue to gain traction throughout the year, right? I mean the events in prior quarters have challenged us, and there are definitely temporary headwinds from those events that remain.  We're highly confident in our hiring strategy. We've indicated before that hiring precedes revenue when it comes to people. And with that in mind, when we look at what's required, we think the broking business during the next 2 quarters will be building acceleration, and we'll be seeing the gap narrow with CRB peers in the second half of the year. And for the remaining 2/3 of the company, we think they'll perform at peer levels or better, right? The comments about CRB, which it is a major part of our business, does leave out the 2/3 or so of the rest of the company. And though we're not providing detail by segment, overall market tailwinds should continue to drive organic growth momentum in the HCB, soon to be former as we'll talk about, right, HCB and BDA businesses, where we have a terrific portfolio of related businesses, helping organizations and individuals in the most important areas of health, wealth and career. So yes, I think our strategy remains very much in line with the -- financial perspective that we outlined at our Investor Day in the fall. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So I'll focus in on CRB, and I think that's where a lot of the focus on the questions were from the prior quarter on that. So we are keeping a very close eye on those areas, and we acknowledge that we have a lot of work before us, but here are some things we can say about our view that things are going in the right direction. Our incentive plan activity regarding retention completed in Q4 was very well received, and we are very encouraged by what we can say. We've seen colleague departures trend downwards since Q3 in CRB. We do see that colleague departures, and we are closely monitoring this data, right, have been slowing down since Q3 for CRB. And that trend makes us optimistic we are heading in the right direction. And joiners are positive. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've been hiring -- we've built an investment headroom to continue to execute on our hiring strategy into '22. In CRB, specifically in Q4, we had the highest net positive rate in terms of joiners, outnumbering levers amongst all of our segments. And then looking at the data that's just come out, January is our biggest hiring month in CRB over the last 2 years at all levels, including senior hires. 
Carl A. Hess: And we agree with the fact revenue trails hiring. And we've allowed for that in what we think of the timing of how this is going to work out, right? I mean we think that if we're successful, it's going to show in the financial results that's the path we're on, and that's one of the reasons we expect to see lower growth in CRB in the first half compared to the second half as the gap to industry narrows. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So let me start with Retirement, then we'll back up to the capacity issues and the other businesses. So our outlook for Retirement, which is a large business for us, right, is positive. I mean healthy pension funding positions as the result of interest and equity market movements during 2021 provide good opportunities for derisking and bulk lump sum work in North America. With respect to GB, right, which is a big business for us as well, right, the trend for risk transfer from company-sponsored pension schemes to the insurance sector is expected to continue. And our view is that 2022 is going to be a good year for derisking because of the healthy funding position I've already alluded to. It also depends on pricing. There's more activity when bulk annuity or longevity pricing is particularly good. And availability of assets that offer a decent yield and that insurers [ deal can back ] annuity, we'll also sort of get all that. 2021 saw about GBP 43 billion of bulk annuity and longevity swap transactions completed. We think that number is going to increase to exceed GBP 55 billion for 2022. That would be the biggest year ever. And we are well positioned to capture a significant share of this market increased activity. On the other hand, when you have an environment like this, we give less advice on funding issues because there's fewer funding issues to be had when pension schemes are well funded. And then we have some initiatives going. So our need to -- or work to address Guaranteed Minimum Pensions continued as does momentum for our LifeSight product we discussed in September at our OneDB offering. In North America, bulk lump sum activity has been more muted the last several years. And as a result of the activity we've had, there's probably less potential volume going forward. We do expect an increase in [ BOS ] activity over 2021. But this is really dependent on what happens with interest rates over the next few months. And so we will see. But there are definitely opportunities in the derisking marketplace where we have a very good position. With respect to some of the capacity constraints I was alluding to before, these are most pronounced in our Talent and Rewards business, which has a large share of project-oriented revenue, although we have a nice mix of revenue when it comes to things like comp surveys as well. We have, just as we have been for hiring in CRB, addressing the T&R hiring issue as well, and we think that will give us the opportunity to capture market as we go forward. 
Carl A. Hess: We've made good progress, but we continue to search for good talent around the world we think can be great fits for the organization and can help us grow. So to the extent we can find those, whether it's in one-offs or in bigger chunks, we're definitely on the look. So as I said, happy with the progress, but it is a journey. And part of this is getting us back to where we were, and part of this is sort of looking toward our growth ambitions for our company over the next several years. So we're definitely continuing to remain in the market, Mike. 
Carl A. Hess: I don't think that we pay any premium compared to what anybody else does. If anything, I think our new strategy is resonating with people in the market. They're actually excited about the fact that WTW is independent company with a very -- some very determined ambitions in the marketplace going forward. So the conversations we've been having with talent we're tempting have been very positive in nature. And we're delighted our clients and our carrier partners and the talent out there seems to be voting for the strength and viability of us as an employer of choice. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So I mean the flip side of revenue increases lagging hiring, as we discussed a couple of questions ago, is that revenue decreases from people leaving, right, don't occur immediately either, right, due to the renewal cycle, et cetera. So it wasn't -- the numbers for the fourth quarter weren't a surprise to Andrew and me. In fact, I think we discussed where we thought they were going to be for the company. And I think we definitely had our fingers on the pulse, and we think we've got our figures on the pulse going forward as well in terms of the fact that the people we've been bringing in over the past few months will indeed take some time to ramp up. We've built that into how we view our financial model going forward. And we think we can continue to grow this business while maintaining our path on margins to get to our 2024 targets, right? We are trying to balance a set of competing objectives, and we very much have all those objectives in mind as we look how to build the business. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So for the fourth quarter, joiners exceeded levers by a decent margin. So headcount is now up. And as I alluded to in January, right, it's our best hiring in quite a while, a couple of years, right? So we're making back for lost time and opportunity, I think, in terms of the overall headcount. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I mean this -- the overall market TRANZACT operates in is big and keeps increasing as people keep turning 65. So we're very happy about the overall market and TRANZACT's ability to expand within it. If you look at our performance during 2021, there are -- it's lower than we're used to seeing, but we're still really just excited about TRANZACT's prospects. I mean if you take a step back and look at TRANZACT on a full year basis, $661 million of revenue and 17% organic growth. And if you look at our original projections we've supplied when TRANZACT first joined WTW, their current revenue figures are a full year ahead of what we anticipated. And by no means does a growth with light performance in Q4 change that. To speak to Q4 specifically, it is true that it was a lower quarter than we anticipated, and this was largely due to some advertising and programs generating lower leads and diversions than planned. Obviously, these are investments that were made and since we didn't realize the results that we're expecting, it did impact the bottom line and the margin. As we head into 2022, the team has conducted a review, and we're implementing strategies across all our carrier partners to improve member experience, which will help maintain membership. And therefore, we continue to remain confident in TRANZACT and do have high expectations for this business. 
Carl A. Hess: We think that the retention measures we've put in should be effective in getting us to those normalized levels. 
Carl A. Hess: All right. So with respect to wage inflation, right, I mean, we have built a compensation program that is a bit more weighted towards variable than others. And I think that does help us with being able to manage this effectively as a business. I'd also point to -- one of the pillars of our program is capitalizing our scale to move back-office work to centers of excellence that we think will improve client and colleague experience and outcomes, but should also allow for relief on the cost pressures that we might have in an inflationary market. So there's a good deal of alignment, I think, between the transformation strategy and our ability to respond flexibility of business to inflationary pressures. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. With respect to engagement, we actually ran a all-colleague survey at the -- during the fourth quarter. And the results we got actually show engagement is up over the last couple of times we measured it with 2 years and 4 years ago, which is, I think, a great result to the dedication of our colleagues to the success of WTW going forward. We do this for a living with our clients, and so we try to apply the lessons of what we learn to ourselves as well. And so we'll continue to monitor this across the organization. But we think we understand what creates sustainable engagement with our colleagues and makes this a great place to work. And we'll be looking to demonstrate that not just to the people we have today, but the people we're looking to bring on board as well. 
Carl A. Hess: Well, we said narrow. I mean, to be clear, I said we'll narrow that gap. We see -- we will continue to see that gap narrow as well, right. We think we remain an attractive destination for talent, and we think we can hire along with the industry as we continue to get ourselves back to where we need to be. So that should, in a steady-state environment, get us to be approaching where we think the industry can be. 
Carl A. Hess: So I would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in the spring. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And Greg, it's Andrew. And on the margin point, right, the margin expansion is for the entire company, right? And the revenue, I think, that you've been asking about and the investment hiring is particular to -- or more focused on one segment. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Yes, it will impact cash, and that's something that will be broken out as we continue to report on that program separately. 
Andrew Krasner: Is that right, Elyse? Sorry, yes. Yes. So we expect to be, over time, reverting to more normalized levels. And if you look back over the last couple of years, you can what that looks like. We don't anticipate or expect anything near the level from 2021. 
Andrew Krasner: Sorry, I was just referring, Elyse, to Slide 11, which talks about the $20 million year-over-year decline in pension and noncash pension income for 2022. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Yes. So in terms of leverage, right, I think we're very comfortable with where we are. It's in line with the discussions we've had with the rating agencies, and we think it allows us to maintain appropriate financial flexibility to be advantaged -- to be able to take advantage of anything that may come our way, whether it's share repurchases or something strategic. 
Andrew Krasner: I think everything that we saw in that business -- yes. It's Andrew. Sorry. I think everything that we saw in that business was consistent with our expectations and nothing there that was a real outlier. But of course, it's something that we always keep an eye on as we watch the book develop. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think part of the trend that you're seeing there in comp and ben might be related to the impact of some attrition, right, and colleague retention over time. And I think the other thing we point out is just the mix of pay that we have with regard to discretionary compensation, right, provides us with the appropriate tools to make sure that employees and everybody else are compensated along with the firm performance. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I won't get into the specifics around budgeting, but if you go back and take a look over recent history and go back a couple of years or quarters, you can see some of that in the disaggregation of revenue footnotes that are provided. More normalized levels are significantly less than what we experienced in 2021. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. It's Andrew. I'll start with the compensation question. I think what we expect is compensation percentages to return towards more historical levels. So I think if you go back and look at that, right, sort of pre the last 2 years, you'll get a good picture. And of course, as hiring continues, right, from an absolute dollar perspective, there would be some impact there. But from a percentage perspective, would expect that to remain relatively consistent. And the other thing to just think about here is the prior year was on an as-reported basis and inclusive of some divestitures like Miller and Innovisk and some other things. And also the current year has lower FX rates and some timing on accrual and certain discretionary compensation and benefit expenses in there as well. 
Andrew Krasner: No. It's Andrew. I think the book of business settlements, right, are typically a multiple, right, of the revenue amount, right? So I think if you were... 
Andrew Krasner: Right. Right. Right. So I think you'd have to temper that back a bit by thinking about what industry transaction multiples look like on a revenue basis. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Give me one sec. So in fourth quarter, FX was a headwind of about $19 million on revenue. So about $0.06 on adjusted EPS. The main component of that was the weakness of the dollar against the euro. 
