Carl Hess: Sure, Greg and good morning to you. So, when we originally set those targets back in Investor Day right, we were looking at three years and a lot can happen over three years and some of which I think in terms of economic cycles, we don't try and predict exactly when they're going to occur, but we know they can occur. So, we tried to do chart a path that we thought was reasonably resilient against a variety of economic conditions that might occur over the 3-year period. And we try not to get too excited about what might happen over quarter-to-quarter because a lot of these things will even out. FX headwinds can turn into FX tailwinds. Recession can turn back into growth and we think all of that can occur. And we think we've got a portfolio of businesses that is reasonably resilient against a variety of economic conditions. So, for instance inflation can drive higher asset prices which will drive and turn higher premiums and thus commissions. I -- we've got a healthcare business where healthcare inflation will drive up the price of insurance and so on and so forth, right? So, the fact that we've got a diversified portfolio of businesses that historically has performed pretty well, across a variety of places, the cycle gives us pretty good confidence.  Now that's not to say, Greg, that we were there predicting Russia would happen but we did allow for things like that to happen over a three-year period because simply the world is an uncertain place.
Carl Hess: Sure Greg. So, as we mentioned our hiring activity during our second quarter was matched that of the first quarter which in turn was the highest it's been since 2019. Our attrition rates, on the other side are very consistent with industry benchmarks that we use to gauge our progress there. So, hiring has exceeded voluntary terminations. Our headcount continues to increase.  We focus strongly on the front office and sales and client management jobs and we're making we think very good progress. And some of that, yes has played out in the trade press but we're net positive. We're continuing to see people attracted to the proposition we represent and we're looking to hire people into physicians that make sense for our strategy, right?  On the broking side, we think where we specialize, we win and that's the reason our global lines continue to grow faster than our overall business and we think we are a very attractive employer for people joining that. We do think that as we've said -- you're right that we bring the people on the revenue will follow overtime. And that's one of the reasons we have confidence in sort of our improving accelerated revenue outlook for the rest of the year.
Carl Hess: You're absolutely right. We were separate and we were citing both in terms of how we performed during that period. And I should add, right, we've taken steps to further build up our resiliency in the businesses since then. For instance, if you look at the mix of business between consulting and technology in either our human capital or our insurance consulting and technology businesses, that's shifted far more towards the technology side of things, which means we're talking multiyear contracts that are less sensitive to economic volatility. And that was a very deliberate step we took to make sure that we thought that the business had more sustainability to the growth rates over time. So, very deliberate on our part.
Carl Hess: And just a general comment, right? As we try to give you our outlook on things, sort of the known, knowns, right, whether it's book gains or performance fees and changes in that. We're trying to -- we factor that in into our expectations rather than treat those as surprises that we're trying to give you later in the period right? So we're...
Carl Hess: Yes and yes. That's quite correct. We very deliberately targeted, beginning with just about a year ago, making sure that we focused on rebuilding our front office and that's big -- a good deal of success in doing exactly that. So we're very happy with the progress we've made in increasing our head count year-over-year and are continuing to look for the right people to bring on to continue to accelerate our growth. But the direct answer to your question, David, is, yes.
Carl Hess: So as we identified at our Investor Day presentation, we've got three major buckets with respect to the transformation program. We've got real estate, our footprint there. We've got technology and what we can do to accelerate our journey to the cloud and standardize technology across the organization and we've got operational efficiency measures that we're taking. As we look toward our improved outlook, we see potential in all of these, not just real estate. You're correct that real estate was the first element of the program we could move on and we have acted expeditiously. But our improved outlook for over $300 million for the program is from all those cylinders, not just the real estate program in isolation.
Carl Hess: Yes. We're actually taking the call here today David from our Philadelphia office, which is one of the early conversions we've made toward -- looking toward the new footprint. It's actually a great place to meet people.
Carl Hess: So early days for enrollment season Mark. Good morning. I'll address, sort of, both of those. First of all in terms of the market opportunity, as we're fond of citing right, 10,000 people become newly eligible for Medicare every day. And the percentage of Medicare eligibles who buy an advantage plan rather than just use traditional Medicare continues to rise. It's expected to go from just over 40% to more than 50% by the end of the decade. So there's clearly the growth potential in this market. And that's even not -- even taking into account current people receiving Medicare. Now with respect to, sort of, indications for the year, remember most of transact's revenue is fourth quarter, right? It's -- that's our vast bulk of our selling season. So Q1, Q2, Q3 I think early days and really difficult to infer, sort of, what's happening today into what that might mean for the end of the year when our deal -- our big sales campaign and overall annual enrollment takes place.
Carl Hess: And one point, I'd just like to make about the transformation program in general. While this is a three-year program we don't anticipate. At the end of it, we're going to be done finding opportunities for continued margin improvement across the organization. The entire management team is committed to looking at how we can be the best and most efficient WTW we can be. And so that's one of the reasons, we've seen additional opportunities in the prior quarter that have caused us tell you where we think we're headed on that. But at the end of the day regardless of what the outcome is for the transformation program we'll be continuing to look for further opportunities to be an efficient company.
Carl Hess: Yeah. I'll take that from a qualitative perspective as we don't disclose retention rates. But I look at it this way, right? Last year, we were a year ago pretty much to the day we're at a point of maximum uncertainty for the organization, which did have an effect on retention rates in the business, having a clear destiny and strategy that our clients I think appreciate and like has been extremely helpful in terms of making sure that the core base of our revenue, which is recurring revenue from clients, we think it's about 80% across the organization. Remains very, very strong and they continue to hand us new opportunities to deepen those relationships. There is a variety across the portfolio. So our – for instance our Retirement business is incredibly sticky and remain so over the past several years despite any disruption you might have seen. And we're seeing that play forward in just the exact same way it has over the past few decades, right? Our talent businesses the career at Health Wealth and Career historically have been more project oriented and so there is just simply a lower retention rate inherent to that business, again, which we've addressed through our buildup of our software offerings, which are stickier in nature. On the R&B side, right? Our analysis indicates that a lot of our growth is actually coming from new, which is a very healthy sign for what we've been doing. And as we've stabilized retention rates in the business following the last couple of years' worth of activity that stabilization should lead to the acceleration of growth we expect during the rest of the year.
Carl Hess: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. Good morning. I view this as a bit of an and, right? We have a three-year target for revenue. We have a three-year target for margin. And we want to chart a sensible course that gets us to that at the end of the day. So, there are going to be times where we invest for growth, and there are going to be times where we'll take the savings and recognize that we've been able to permanently transform ourselves to be a more efficient company. And we want to judge that as circumstances come right? So, I think that will be a quarter-to-quarter thing. I wouldn't read to -- a individual quarter into a pattern of how we're going to balance those two out. But we have a set of goals, and we know that there's tension between them, and it's our job as a management team to get there at the end of the day. And that's an active discussion that Andrew and I have all the time.
Carl Hess: Yes. I would point out before we extrapolate too far right the next phase of opportunities right will require a more measured approach right, things like technology modernization, our process optimization. We don't want to disturb our business momentum. And so we will be approaching those in a measured way consistent with the overall timing we have around the program.
Carl Hess: I don't think we have that to hand Ryan. So we can follow-up to the extent if that is comfortable for you.
Carl Hess: So I think the answer is absent that performance fee Wealth would have been down to three. And that's principally due to timing work within the Retirement business. Retirement is the bulk of our Wealth business, right? It's our Retirement business and our Investments business, Retirement a bigger business for us. And so the timing of that project work is the principal cause of that decline. We actually have visibility into take a rebound of activity during the remainder of the year.
Carl Hess: We do. We -- our consulting businesses charge on a variety of basis, but one of them is still good old billable hours and we have the ability to modify billing rates. Some of that is subject to contracts in force which may specify hourly rates but others are prevailing rates and we have that flexibility. So -- and that is something we do look at in all sorts of economic conditions.
Carl Hess: We look to pull all levers in our portfolio when it comes to the revenue side of our business as well as the expense side. So I think the safe answer to that is, yes.
Carl Hess: I think it's an, and in the way we approach this, right? We don't ignore the short term. We certainly don't ignore the long term and we manage the business for the greatest amount of resilience, we can. And there are -- as I said, there are levers we can pull here, right? I mean one of them is like many firms in the industry a lot of our compensation is variable. And so as our performance varies, that we share the rewards and the burdens of that variation in performance. So that's, one. We have done our best to sort of again transform our businesses so they are less economically sensitive, and Julie's done a lot of work over the years in just that in the rear side of the business. The Wealth side, the Health side are less economically sensitive. And so as I said, as we moved from a pure consulting provider to a solutions provider, we've taken some of the economic sensitivity out of that business. I think particularly, what makes this one a little interesting right now, is that there's still great demand for our Career business in the light of the great resignation. And now the great -- what are we going to do ride inflation? And so the demand for our services looks very strong, over the short term despite the economic clouds we're seeing.
Carl Hess: Thank you very much. Great question today and really happy for the engagement with you. I just want to point out that while we think, we have made good strides and I appreciate the chance to explain, how we are managing this business going forward. There is more to do, right? As I said earlier in this call, right the three-year program we've outlaid is a good start to achieving all the WTW can be. We think we have a great time and we look forward to continuing dialogue with you as we achieve it. Have a great day, everyone.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Paul it's Andrew. Happy to answer that one. As you think about the margin for the various segments and the enterprise, if you exclude the impact of the gain on sale and the performance fees right which presented a headwind within HWC. The HWC margin, as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, would have expanded 80 basis points without that headwind. Risk and Broking would have been the same with or without the impact of the gain on sale. And at the enterprise level, there would have been 60 basis points of margin expansion on an underlying basis, if you will.
Andrew Krasner: We still expect to see some throughout the remainder of this year that relate to 2021 events as we've seen through the first half of this year. We do expect them to return to a normalized level over time.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think, the -- your reference to the $180 million, there is probably a ballpark figure based on some graphical representations of what we put out there. As we think about our footprint, it is a meaningful reduction in our footprint. We won't get into specifics in terms of what percentage of our real estate portfolio that is, but it is quite significant. And as Carl has discussed in the past, right, the sort of reconfiguring of that workspace that remains after the fact to foster client interactions and collaborations with our colleagues.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, absolutely, Robert. Thanks for the question. The decrease in free cash flow was primarily driven by the elimination of cash generation from Willis Re which was divested, as well as some additional tax payments resulting from both the Willis Re sale and the receipt related to the termination payment from the business combination. So that's what's really driving that change. Our focus, as you can imagine, remains on our long-term goal of the $5 billion to $6 billion by 2024 that we set at Investor Day as opposed to any, sort of, short-term performance or volatility that may arise quarter-to-quarter.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the increase for the current year is a combination of things that we've been able to accelerate some real estate , some non-real estate, but also some new opportunities that we have identified as the program has moved along. So I'm not sure that the direct translation of the excess this year applies uniformly to in excess of the entire program. We do expect to -- the excess this year applies uniformly to in excess of the entire program. We do expect to -- think about our more detailed guidance going forward and if there's stuff to share there we would do that about when we give our thoughts on 2023 towards the end of the year.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think, it's fair to say that the rate at which we have acquired shares during the end of last year and the first half of this year would come down and as we've said before we expect to manage our share buybacks using our free cash flow generation as opposed to the large amount of cash that we had on our balance sheet from the sale of Willis Re and the termination payment. So I think that's a good way to think about it.
Andrew Krasner: No. The profit margin target out in 2024 is a range, right? So it provides for variability and opportunities that we may uncover along the way. So I think the right way to think about that is still the 24% to 25% target.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. In terms of the headwinds and the tailwinds in margin, I think you're thinking about that right. The – I think the right way to examine all of the one-time items is to look at the headwinds and the tailwinds and the headwind from the performance fee was larger than the tailwind from gains on sale at an enterprise level.
Andrew Krasner: I think it's – it will be disclosed in the Q that will get filed later today so you can pick up that detail from there.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. I don't have all of that detail at hand, Brian. But you're right for every quarter 25 basis points rate movement. We pick up about $4 million of investment income given the investable fiduciary cash. So, it has started to have an impact. However, the -- we have to have the portfolio turnover right to be able to reinvest at the higher rate. So, it does take a little bit of time to work through the P&L, but we are seeing positive impact and momentum there.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean, we -- when we announced that we were exiting the country and the business there. We disclosed some information in an 8-K that would give you the size of the ongoing impact from a revenue perspective. So, yes, there is a bit of a headwind from a revenue perspective, most notable in our Risk and Broking business, as you might expect just given the history of our business there focused on that part of the market.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. I'll start on the real estate side where as we sat down and continuously analyze the real estate portfolio, there were opportunities to reconfigure or exit space that were economically attractive that weren't necessarily apparent to us when we sketched out the program at the end of last year. That drove a meaningful part of it. And as we moved along, there were similar types of situations related to IT and other areas of our business where we were able to take advantage of some right-shoring opportunities that made economic sense for the business. And then, the other part that drove that was also, new opportunities, right, that hadn't been uncovered at the outset of the program that we were able to identify and execute on relatively quickly.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. As we look at growth to-date and where we expect the growth to come from price will be a contributor, but as you sort of alluded to not the main driver, right. New business has been in line with our expectations and we'll we expect to continue to accelerate given all of the hiring that's taking place as Carl mentioned in the front office. The retention rates are in line with our expectations. They've improved over the last year. We continue to expect improvement in that metric as we continue through the rest of the year into next year.
