Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. Before we take your questions, I'll conclude our preliminary remarks by saying this. To sum up, I am pleased that our results were very well balanced and solid across all 3 of our business units. At the end of the day, growing our business depends delighting the clients we have, working on their behalf everyday to provide them with resilience for a risky world and winning new clients based on the outstanding service we offer. In addition to the underground engagement with our leaders and colleagues around the world that I talked about a few minutes ago, I've also spent as much time as possible talking directly to our clients and insurance carriers with whom we work and welcoming their feedback. All in all, I continue to be impressed with the quality of the global teams and the depth of service that we, as an organization, provide to our clients of every size and type in every geography. And that's just not my opinion. I've heard it expressed in so many meetings with our constituents, those we serve. But we can always do better. It is our intention to continue to improve on that client service, and doing so will only result in greater client loyalty, more new business wins, increased revenues and ultimately, expanded shareholder value. With that in mind, as we continue to review and analyze all aspects of our operations around the world, we will be making changes, investing in markets and/or products that we believe will provide the best growth and value opportunities. We look forward to laying out many of these initiatives and strategies at our Investor Day in New York City on the afternoon of July 30. Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. As you know, we don't give guidance, but we remain optimistic and working with Vic and Tim and Steve. We are very, very much focused on serving our clients as effectively as we can and introducing new initiatives to meet their needs. So we remain optimistic for the outlook, but as you know, we don't give a specific guidance on our major P&L items. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. This was pretty straightforward. We've been in dialogue with Gras Savoye for a while. As you know, conditions in the Eurozone have been interesting, and Gras Savoye is going through a restructuring, which Mike talked about and he -- we -- that's going to take place through most of 2013 and into bits of 2014. And in order that we inherit Gras Savoye, which is firing on all cylinders and to give us all full time to make sure that we are fully able to integrate and build all of the synergies that we want to build between Willis and Gras Savoye, given the present environment, we all make -- thought that it made sense to push the option back a year. It has no implications for our intentions. We continue to be very excited about Gras Savoye. It will give us a leadership position in a major market in Europe and of course, very interesting positions in Africa and the Middle East and Asia. So we are very excited about the opportunity and very excited about working closer and closer with Gras Savoye. However, as with any acquisition, when the time comes, we are going to look very closely not only at the strategic fit, which I just described, but also to make sure that the numbers make sense for the firm and our shareholders. And so that's the context of that decision. 
Dominic Casserley: Let me just give an overview, and then I'm going to hand over to Steve Hearn to talk specifically about Global. Obviously, we -- our objective is to grow our revenues faster than we grow our expenses, hardly a great insight, and we are very focused on that, and that's the way we are going to deliver ongoing shareholder value to our investors. And in that context, you saw what we did with our charge in the first quarter, but I would say that we are going to continue to invest in our growth businesses. And we do expect -- and you should expect us to continue to try and expand the business and grow where we see growth opportunities. But at the same time, the solution here will always be to grow our revenues faster than our costs. Now referring to specifically to Global in the first quarter, let me turn over to Steve. 
Dominic Casserley: I'll -- we'll give you some sense, of course. As your question points out, and I'm glad you phrased it that way, the very high-level headlines you hear about pricing in the markets hide enormous detail underneath, and you see these headlines about rates are firming in North America, whatever, and then you find the details are very different. So Tim has the difficult task here of trying to give a sense of what rates are doing across 3 quarters of the globe. But Tim, over to you with that task. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, I think I'll just sort of reiterate what I said the first time. The extra year makes sense on both sides because of the specific circumstances that are all too well publicized, what's going on in the Eurozone and in France. And the actions that Gras Savoye is taking, very sensible actions Gras Savoye is taking to get the business ready for further growth going forward, which is taking place, as I said, a lot of the action, in 2013, which explains why our Associates line will be trending the way that Mike described earlier on the call. Given that, we thought it made sense, if we want to take on Gras Savoye, we want to make sure Gras Savoye is a healthy, growing company, has a proven track record of performance in a new structure, a new environment and that we have as much time as possible to build up the synergies between the 2 businesses. So as we looked at what was taking place in 2013 and the immediate outlook in the Eurozone, we just felt more comfortable pushing out the option 1 year. The terms of our contract with them and our negotiation with them are confidential, but I can assure you we obviously took full account of what might happen in terms of their performance to make sure we controlled anything we paid for the business. 
Dominic Casserley: The terms are confidential. What I can absolutely assure you is we were very attuned during the course of the discussions, both the original discussions and these new discussions, to make sure that anything we paid reflected the true value of the business going forward. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me turn over to Vic to get a sense of what was -- what were the underlying drivers there. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I think as we discussed on the last call, focusing on cash flow is one of the things we want to do. The key driver of that obviously is our EBITDA performance, and that is obviously driven by the equation between our revenues and costs. And we see great opportunities to grow our cash flow, but we will be very focused on that. Now we gave you a picture of what our cash flow was in 2012. We will probably do that on an annual basis or maybe semiannual in such as to what the best way of doing that is. And we are going to be very focused on making sure that number grows. As I said to you, it's organic growth that is the key driver of our free cash flow performance. 
Dominic Casserley: Oh, again, as we discussed on the last call, we will constantly have a trade-off to make between investing for medium-term growth, so that we can continue to grow cash flow on an ongoing basis into the future and returning some of that cash flow to our shareholders. We signaled our intent to be very focused on the latter by increasing our dividend at the end of last year. And every year, we will be looking at the trade-off between investing for the medium term and returning cash to shareholders. And that is a decision we will take every year. And we've got to get the balance right because we've got to make sure that we continue to invest for the medium term. We're active in many growth markets, and we've seen many growth opportunities. At the same time, we are very conscious and cognizant of the need to return cash to our shareholders. 
Dominic Casserley: When I first got to know the team at Willis, I was very impressed that thinking on this issue was very well advanced, and the team have been doing a lot of thinking about what best way for us to position ourselves in this space. We're making progress. So let me have Vic just describe how we're thinking about this. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, obviously, we are doing medium-term planning around our financing needs and a great confidence in our financial flexibility to be able to execute the Gras Savoye transaction should we decide to proceed with it. And on the financial flexibility, we continue to look at our financial structure on an ongoing basis, and make sure that it is fit for purpose. As I said, we are very focused on free cash flow and focused on how we use that cash flow to both drive medium-term growth and to return cash to shareholders, and we'll be making those trade-offs on an ongoing basis. But in terms of financial flexibility to meet the needs of the company to grow and to invest in Gras Savoye and any other acquisition opportunities that we think pass our very stringent tests in being attractive, we're very confident. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Brett, we're in motion on that, and we hope to give you much more information on July 30 at our Investor Day. But it will come as no surprise to you that we're going to obviously be focused on opportunities to grow with attractive returns. And so we're going to be targeting our investments, I think, on growth areas. That does not mean just the emerging markets. It means growth areas throughout the world and in all our businesses where we see specific opportunities. And it will be organic growth is and actually our preferred way forward, but where we see attractive M&A opportunities that, as I say, pass stringent tests in terms of a strategic and cultural and integration fit and very tough net present value analysis of what the cash flows will actually bring us. And then we will also consider inorganic growth but again, focused on growth. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, again, I'd say more not less is my summary answer. There's certainly a lot more interest and activity. There's been a lot of debate about the fickle nature of that capital, and whether it's a temporary development or something that's going to be more sustained. My personal view is it's more sustained, and it's coming from some places where you find long-term investments. And we'll see what happens, but certainly seems to be more, not less. 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Well, the -- when I came on board as CEO, we moved to a structure of having a Nonexecutive Chairman and a CEO, and that's what we did. And then, as everyone knows, Joe Plumeri had announced his intent to retire in the middle of the year. So what we've done is to find within our existing board, Jim McCann to take over the role of Nonexecutive Chairman. And that's a wonderful transition. We're very excited about that, excited about the extraordinary leadership that Joe has provided this company for over 12 years and excited that an incumbent member of the board is stepping up to become Nonexecutive Chairman. So that's a quite natural transition. In the course of that happening, we realized that we needed to do some medium-term planning as to how the board might evolve, and that has been underway for quite some time. And we knew that with Joe leaving the board, we would have a board place open. And we have -- we've been going through this process, and we were in dialogue with Jeff Ubben, who is one of our major investors in the company, being -- began a series of very constructive dialogues over a prolonged period of time. And we're delighted to welcome Jeff onto the board beginning again in July. But that is a part of an ongoing process we're going through. We also announced -- you will have seen that we have 2 more vacancies emerging. And whereas in the middle of that process I described, and looking forward to announcing 2 new names in the near future. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, in terms of what we're looking for, generally, our business is a reasonably a complex global operation with deep operations North America and around the globe, Europe, Asia, Middle East, Latin America. So we, obviously, are looking for strong capabilities who can -- are used to leading companies in that world. And generally, we're looking for people who want to contribute to enabling us to be a long value-creating company in the medium term. The specifics around Jim and Jeff are, obviously, Jim is a very seasoned CEO and knows the company extremely well, having been on the board for many years. And so we're delighted to have him as Nonexecutive Chairman. And Jeff Harbin has very deep experience on a large number of public company boards, so they bring -- both of them bring great strengths to the board. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me thank everybody for attending our call. We are very excited about your interest in our company, and we look forward to continuing to engage with you in the coming months. Thank you. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Thanks, Greg. Firstly, just to explain, the revenues in the core constituent parts of Global are growing faster than their expenses. So our reinsurance business and our reinsurance Specialty businesses, their revenue is growing faster than the expense. We are, as Dominic said, investing is those high-growth areas of our business, high-growth, high-margin areas of our business. Global also includes Placement, the Placement infrastructure on behalf of the organization, in totality, Willis Group analytics and corporate analytics, specifically, and Willis Limited, our regulated entity in the U.K. In the case of Placement and analytics, we've increased our investments year-over-year in technology and in people as strategic investments as we focus more closely on our Placement strategy, particularly executing Will Place, which we've talked about on calls previously. And the emergence of, as I've described it, the analytical broker as the corporate buyer is looking for more than just a risk transfer, insurance transaction, but looking for more consultative advice. We've invested in people in that area of our business. And finally, running a regulated entity anywhere in the world, particularly in the U.K., costs money. And there, we're investing in compliance, audit, legal, those types of areas in terms of supporting the development of that business. I'd tell you we're budgeted as a total in Global to expand our revenues at a faster rate than our expenses, per Dominic's introduction, and we continue to believe that's what we'll achieve for the year. That's our ambition. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, thanks, Tim. I mean, I think, I agree with both what Dominic and Tim said. I mean, rates are all over the place at a global level, and I've given up giving blanket answers, such as they're up x percent, down x percent, because it's just meaningless. You need to look, as Dominic said in his opening remarks, at the region, the specialty, the product line to get precise answers in terms of what's going on. What is interesting, we're seeing anyway, is the disconnection at the moment between reinsurance rates and primary rates. And again, we'll refer you to our website in terms of 1st View and what we came out with on the 1st of April in terms of reinsurance rates and likewise, as Dominic said, the Willis North America primary rates and what's going on there, which, again, which we have information on the website. The U.S. reinsurance renewal period, I think, is going to be very interesting, and we'll be watching what goes on there in terms of any rating indicators. But it's a very, very complicated world that we operate in at the moment, but at least, I think I would agree with Tim. We're not talking down everywhere and giving those sorts of blanket answers. 
Steven Hearn: No, it was a negative comparable year-on-year. We don't get into stripping out the absolute numbers in terms of the Capital Markets business. As it think we've explained before, it's a very lumpy business in terms of a small number of large value transactions, but it was down year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter. 
Steven Hearn: Sure. I'll take that as well. Yes, again, I'll repeat. It is all over the place in terms of rating environment, and I'll point you back to the website in terms of some detailed commentary region by region, country by country and line by line. I certainly, my view is not that this is a place people aren't interested in putting capital at the moment, quite the reverse. We've seen all sorts of new capital turn up in the reinsurance world, particularly in the property cat area so far. But I think discussions we're having and hearing that capital is starting to look more globally in terms of where it's turning up and also product line wise is getting into some interesting places, relatively modest at the moment, maybe $35 billion, something like that, but growing. And we see more, not less of that, and again, I think that's probably a reflection of the macroeconomic environment of where capital can go to, to make a return. And reinsurance offers an interesting opportunity. So no, I think more capital, not less. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I'll take that one again. We have a fantastic Capital Markets business, a leader in the insurance industry in terms of our proposition and advice. It is very active. It has a very full pipeline prospects and existing engagements that it's working on. It is, as I said, a lumpy business because obviously its revenues and the announcements are dependent on a transaction, typically a transaction happening. So you see these periods where quarter-on-quarter things move around, but we're very, very happy with our Capital Markets business and expect it to be a contributor to growth of revenue and margin this year. 
Michael Neborak: Greg, one other item I would just point out, on Slide 5, a majority of that difference in the first quarter that's shown to be 4 is in the Global unit. So that also is distorting the expense growth a little bit above what Steve just described. 
Michael Neborak: Well, we said, on an annualized basis, it would be $25 million to $30 million. And I think, to answer your question, both of what you referred to in terms of what we -- some will drop to the bottom line, and some will be used to invest for future growth of the business going forward. 
Michael Neborak: Well, take the figure that's in the Q and subtract $5 million from it because the reported numbers I mentioned included $5 million related to fixed asset write-offs. Take that number, subtract $5 million and multiply it out by 4. So I think a number of about $21 million plus per quarter is really what you should model. 
Michael Neborak: Well, the benefit, though, looking forward is somewhat hard to calculate given the very nature of that revenue stream. Though, we think we'll do better on it as we move forward. As a reminder, we only started that, effective April 1, so we didn't get a full year run rate. So and it was approximately $2 million in the quarter, and we actually had some legacy HRH run-off MDI of close to $1 million. So the impact was not that significant. So I would expect it would be helpful downstream. 
Michael Neborak: The employee benefits impact was positive. It was -- they had mid-single-digit growth, so it was helpful, it was in line with everything else we did. 
Michael Neborak: Sure, I'm happy to. On the pipelines, the pipelines are as robust as they have ever been. We are maintaining a level, I think I have indicated in the past, that our initial targets were 2x, and we had gotten to 3x, and we're in excess of that still. On the recruiting front, we're down, what I would call, a handful of producers. In the first quarter we traditionally drop a little bit. The recruiting dipped, as producers were looking to the hire, waiting to collect their bonuses from their previous firms. And then last one is retention, and where we came in for this quarter was above what we had traditionally done and in line with, aspirationally, what I'd like to hit. We target 95% retention. No one's ever done that consistently, but at 93%, I'm a pretty happy guy. 
Michael Nannizzi: I guess just to drill down a bit on the Gras Savoye deferral, so how should we think about that extra year? Is it the context of providing more time to generate cash for the eventual purchase? Or is it more time to invest for growth to generate leverageable operating income growth? And also, if the extra year allows for Gras Savoye to improve its own operations, does the formula to calculate the purchase price result in a higher number? And just one follow-up. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So it's not fair to assume then, if Gras Savoye makes more money that the formulas will render a higher purchase price. That's not a good conclusion then. 
Michael Nannizzi: And then can you talk about any -- the underlying trends that contributed to growth in Human Capital? Just what were the -- any color on incremental drivers or the granular drivers would be helpful. 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Dominic. Actually, I think the Human Capital business results were reflective the investment that we actually made in 2012. As you may recall, we spent a fair amount of money hiring what we would call regional wellness teams as part of our value proposition for the businesses we serve. And we started seeing results from that. So one of the questions that I saw come up was, is this reflective solely of our decision to take MDI in that space and it was not. We did not get a full year effect on MDI, and so it was basically underlying business growth across the regions, and I was pretty happy with it. 
Victor Krauze: Retention did help us in the first quarter. It was close to 200 basis points. We're very pleased with what we saw in our retention efforts and seeing that it came through, so it was helpful. 
Victor Krauze: Probably the best way I can answer that question is to say that we're continuing to focus on the 3 basics of the business that have helped us turn the business, and it's quite simply our new business pipelines, our recruiting efforts and our retention efforts. And I would expect that if we continue to do the things that we have been doing, we would continue to see results that improve over prior quarters, prior year's quarters. 
Victor Krauze: Sure. It is an issue we're watching very carefully, and we spend a lot of time and effort in terms of examining the space. It might be one of the things I look at more than most others right now. What I can tell you is that we are looking very carefully at the exchange space. We are looking at a Willis option in that space in order to compete in that area. My view is that it is not necessarily going to completely disintermediate the brokerage space. There'll be a portion of customers that'll be interested in exchanges in the DC world, if you will, and we have a make sure that we have an option for those customers that do that. And -- but I'm not as concerned that the 2 exchanges that are out there would necessarily cause us to lose business to them. 
