Bryan Hanson: Okay. Thanks Dan. And before we move into Q&A, I just want to say that I'm very pleased with the progress we've made as a team. Our performance was better in 2018 than 2017 and we expect 2019 to be better than 2018. While we're halfway through the turnaround timeline, importantly, we have retired more than half the risk associated with that plan. Although, we still have a lot of work to do, we have a team that's ready to launch important new solutions for our customers and deliver on our near-term commitments to transition the organization to full offense and prepare for 2020 and beyond. And now I'd like to go ahead and turn the call back to Cole, so we can get started on the Q&A.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, Joanne. Thanks for the question. The – I don't think it was you. I think it was Cole pressed and hung up on us. But AAOS will be very different for us coming up and one of the things that we're going to be doing differently at the conference is to have an investor meeting. I think its a couple hours, Cole, what we’re thinking about. And the idea behind that would be to give a view of both our spine as well as the orthopedic businesses. We'll have both of our Group Presidents that manage those businesses at the event. It will give you an opportunity to get to know them in the investor meeting, and we'll have breakout sessions where we'll get into some of the more meaningful technologies that we'll be launching in 2019 or have already launched. ROSA, obviously, will be one of those things that we talk about, very likely both in orthopedics as well as spine and probably even at least reference to some extent what we're doing in brain. But it would not be the only thing. So again we expect it to be a much different feel, AAOS this year. And certainly we want to make sure that we spend additional time with our investors to give them visibility to our team and probably very importantly for everyone more insight into the innovations that we have.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, absolutely. I'm not going to get into specifics relative to our placement strategy whether it be associated with ASP, the types of arrangements we might have outside of just direct sale. But just know that one of the primary focus points of robotics for us is to be able to drive share obviously. So we're an implant company that will be the primary focus of the organization. But clearly we believe robotics is an important factor associated with being able to more share implants. What I would say is we're going to -- as we've been saying pretty much all along, we're going to do a limited launch out of the gate. We want to be very disciplined in our approach to launching a new robotic system to make sure that we do it right. We have the right education. We have the right service levels. And we will do that limited launch for let's call it six months. Post that limited launch is when we move into full launch. And that's when the organization gets unleashed and we utilize that technology in that full launch status. And in the guidance that we provided for 2019 that is already assumed inside the guidance. So I guess just generally speaking though, I'm excited. One of our competitors presented just recently here and talked about the continued strength in robotics. That's perfect. I love to hear it because we're just about to launch our robotic platform in a market that is surging. And when you think about it and the under-penetration of robotics in general, when you think about the number of surgeons that are doing procedures today with our implants, there's very good opportunity for us and we couldn't be more excited about the fact that robotics is getting good traction. And we're excited about our launch.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. I appreciate the question, Bob. So I've been thinking a lot about this as well. I'm just going to try to paraphrase what it is you're asking. But I think what you're looking for is, if you look at share you can either look at it from a dollar perspective or you could look at it from a unit or procedure perspective. And what I would say is that, either way if you look at where we are in 2018, whether you look at it for procedures or units or you look at it in dollars, we have closed the gap to market. It doesn't matter which way you look at it, we have definitely closed the gap to market. But inside of that, I believe that our unit gap or procedure gap is actually lower than the dollar gap and always has been. And let me just kind of explain why I'm saying that, because I've been spending a lot of time on this, so it's a good question actually. Really, three reasons or kind of factors for share loss for the company that I see. The first one is kind of the obvious, right? I mean, you lose a surgeon to the competition. This is something that would impact both unit share as well as dollar share. It may not be exactly, because the price points might be slightly different, but they impact of both. The other one would be, losing our patients to the competition's surgeon. And what I mean by that, if a surgeon's doing -- if a patient's doing an elective procedure and they decide to do research on where they're going to get that procedure done. And they decide they want to go to a robotic surgeon that's no longer a patient that's going to my surgeon it’s going to be somebody else's surgeon. That also impacts both unit and dollar share. The third one is this idea of competitors that are increasing their revenues due to mix. Whereas in the same procedure they had with the same surgeon, they're just increasing the share of wallet they're getting in that procedure. Those are all three things that are happening. I really do believe we are losing surgeons and we're not winning the churn game right now. I do believe we're losing patients to our competitors' surgeon. But I think by far, the biggest contributor to share loss is third category, that our competitors are doing a very good job of going right to the surgeons they have in the procedures they already have and upsell in robotics in cementless and other areas. And so, for that reason, I actually think that the unit share loss that we've had is not as substantial as the dollar share loss. And the reason why I think it's important and I think it's kind of -- probably it's getting to your question, the fact is one of the biggest contributors to mix benefit inside of the space that we play is robotics. And you got robotic surging right now and here we come with our robotics platform. And let's not forget that when you look at the largest number of surgeries being done today in knees, it's our implants. It's our surgeons doing those procedures. And we're about to provide them an opportunity to have access to robotics in that largest segment of knees globally. So that's pretty exciting. Don't get me wrong here. We're going to go after every single one of these areas to be able close our gap to market and begin to get back to market or above. We're going to try to convert competitive surgeons. We're going to market directly to patients with a personalized robotic approach, using our mymobility app backed by Apple, which has very strong consumer demand. But I think our biggest opportunity to close the gap is to be able to get the mix benefit in the procedures we already have with the surgeons that we already have. So we're pretty excited about it obviously.
Bryan Hanson: Probably just depending on which constituent you're talking about. But if you talk about surgeons, I think it's exactly what you just said. We've got to be able to continue to provide the product when they need it and what they want. And we need to bring these new product launches to market in a flawless manner. And my belief is, with the supply coming in, in the way it is with the new product launches that we have coming, I have a lot of confidence that our surgeons will build confidence in our organization throughout 2019. So that to me is as soon as we are supposed to do which I fully expect we will, our sense is we're going to see increased confidence from our surgeons and we're going to delight them in 2019. From a internal team member perspective, I think there's more that goes into it. Obviously having supply is first step. No question. You got to make sure that we can deliver what our commercial organization needs, but also it's the support that.[Technical Difficulty]...
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I don't know for sure where I dropped off. But I think I was talking about how we get the trust and confidence of our team members at this point. And what I was saying is, it goes beyond just supply. Obviously that's a foregone conclusion. New products will absolutely contribute to the feeling that they have and the confidence they have in the organization. But the big one is to make sure that the leaders of the organization including myself; Ivan Tornos who now runs the orthopedics business is directly engaged with that commercial organization. So they know the leadership is behind them. The leadership understands the value they bring to the table and that nothing happens until they sell something. So we'll be the support that they're looking for. The compensation scheme is in place to make sure that we're driving offense versus defense. The other thing that I would say is, we just have all of our kickoff meetings. I was able to attend some of them. Obviously I was at the Americas kickoff meeting which is our largest. And the energy that I felt in those meetings was better than I've ever felt. And I'm not talking about this environment in any meeting I've ever been in. It was definitely a situation, where the team was there. We had bigger presence than we've ever had at that meeting around the world, and people are walking out the door excited about 2019. Now they've got to deliver but the energy coming out of that meeting gives me the confidence that the organization's moving in the right direction relative to trust.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. Yeah. So first of all, I would be completely remiss, if I didn't congratulate both regions. APAC just continues to be a force and overachieve versus market and they did not disappoint us again in Q4. And it's just been a phenomenal year for that team and we fully expect that they'll continue to perform well coming into 2019. So, just congratulations to that team once again. In EMEA, it hasn't been as strong this year, but the fourth quarter was fantastic. And I got to tell you, I really want to call that team out, because in the face of leadership changes that are pretty material the whole – the actual leader of the region has changed, and we've changed the structure of the team. And in the face of that, which could have been disruptive, they delivered their best quarter in the last two years. So they're clearly benefited from the rebate adjustment when you look at the whole number that Dan talked about in the prepared remarks. But the fact is, it was still even outside of that, the best growth rate they've had in some time. So I'm happy about the performance. What I would tell you, is if I look at EMEA specifically, I would fully expect when you look at the full year 2018 for their performance to be better in 2019. I'm not necessarily saying it's going to look exactly like the fourth quarter. But when you look at the full year, I would fully expect them to be better in 2019. And so for Asia-Pacific, again, I think we're going to continue to see strength. And with EMEA, I think we're going to see improvement 2018 to 2019.
Bryan Hanson: So, Glenn, why don't I take a shot just at the top line kind of answer to this and then Dan I'll pass over to you with more specifics on the debt leverage. What I'd tell you is that clearly our goal on the debt ratio is to be lower than what we are right now. And as Dan mentioned, we're going to continue to use a lot of our cash to be able to buy down that debt. At the same time, if there are targets that are attracted to us and make financial sense and strategic sense to the organization and we think it provides good shareholder returns that we would certainly look at those targets today. If I have everything done perfectly and sequentially as I would like, my preference would be to wait to the back half of 2019 to really start to do any type of real BD&L, because BD&L as much as it is beneficial, it can absolutely be distracting. And I want the organization to stay maniacally focused on the short-term objectives that we've laid out between 2018 and 2019. So, if I can lay it out perfectly, I want to start moving more into active BD&L towards the back half of 2019 or 2020 and stay very focused our short-term objectives until then. But I -- just so we don't surprise anybody, if an opportunity ever came about, if something came out opportunistically in a period shorter than that and we thought it made sense, we would certainly take a look at it. But Dan why don't you...
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, the way you're reading my description of our gap to market is accurate. Unfortunately, it's not talking about the gap above market; it's talking about the gap closing below market. But the way we've been describing it is that this two-year kind of reshaping and positioning for offense is to allow us in 2020 in a durable manner to be able to get to market. That's the weighted average market growth that we've been describing in that kind of 2% to 3% in 2020. So, if you kind of just read into that knee being a very large portion of our business that would indicate that our expectation would be that we would continue to see share unfortunately in 2019. But in 2020, that would no longer be the case. And the thing that gives us confidence in that is that we got innovation coming that we have not had in a long time. And most of that gets into full swing and full launch in the back half of 2019 which gives our organization, that commercial channel that we were just talking about, the opportunity now to go on full offense.
Bryan Hanson: 100% read that. If you think about the comment that I made when -- it was Bob's question I believe. Bob's question on unit versus dollar market share, one of the biggest contributors to revenue growth right now in our space is increasing the mix, right? So in other words, you getting a higher share of wallet inside a procedure you already have. That comes through new technology, not just flat recovery. It comes by keeping the surgeons you have, obviously, being able to supply them but being able to upsell because of better technology and get more share of wallet through those procedures. That doesn't really happen for us in full swing until we get into the back half of 2019. So it is an extremely important component for us to get back to market or potentially exceed market.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, yeah, thanks. So real quick, just on the spine piece on ROSA. We are waiting for FDA approval on that. And I don't want to give a specific time line, but it would be great to have that before AAOS. There's a possibility of that. But we do think that sometime in the second quarter we will have it. The hope is we get it before and we can talk a little bit more about it AAOS. So that just gives you a little sense of where we are with spine, but we have submitted the approval or the request. I also want to call out I mean this is the best quarter. I think Dan said it in his prepared remarks that it's best quarter we've had in a few years in this combined business. And it's a testament to the team getting the job done. I also want to make sure that it's clear that it was both businesses that had a better quarter. Spine continues overall to be negative for us, and I don’t know if we've ever called that out. But it is negative for us overall, but it improved. So we've talked about that gap to market before, the gap to market reduced, but it's still a negative number. But it did improve, which is a big part of that improvement in the fourth quarter. And then the CMF business continues to show strength and had a really strong close to 2018. And a portion of that, which we haven’t really been talking much about was our sales in ROSA, Brain. So remember it's not just ROSA Knee application, it's not just the spine application, we also have an application in brain and we had pretty good sales in the fourth quarter. And that helped the number as well. So overall congratulations to the team. Best quarter in a while. And I feel like we've got the right leadership, we've got the right structure in place. And we've got a nice product portfolio that's coming in 2019. So, when I look at that total business, I'll be very surprised if we don't do better in 2019 than we did in 2018.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So I don't want to get too much into the unique feature set associated with ROSA. We've talked a lot about it probably even more than I would like to be honest. Because in reality anything we're seeing here, it goes right to our competition. Until we are actually getting more in the full swing of the launch, why would we do that? I will tell you that, you're going to get much more insight on what we believe the value is of ROSA for our surgeons, which is the most important constituent that we have. And you're going to see that at AAOS. What I would -- just say generally speaking is, I think we have a very competitive robotic system. One of the key things that we try to focus on is to be able to get high-volume surgeons to be able to use robotics. Remember, when we talk about the play here, there's an opportunity for share of wallet gain in every robotic case. Every robotic case provides an opportunity for better mix. So the better throughput we can get on our robotic system, the better off we are as an organization to take advantage of that mix. And high-volume surgeons just historically...[Technical Difficulty]
Bryan Hanson: So this is reminiscent of our supply problems in 2016 and 2017. No longer our supply problems going forward. But I think I was just getting into thing around high-volume surgeons. High-volume surgeons typically had stayed away from robotics because it slows them down and they can't keep the volume of patients that they'd like to have. Our goal is to eliminate that, to be able to get all the accuracy that we get with robotics, but not change the flow of the procedure in a way that would reduce the throughput they could get on patients. That's a big deal because high-volume surgeons is who we want because you get mix benefit for every procedure. So just, that will be all, I'd say about the differences of us versus the competition. You'll see more AAOS. I feel like we're in pretty good shape relative to confidence in being able to roll this out effectively. Remember, we're not new to robotics. We have the brain robotic system that's been out in the market. We have over 100 units out in the world today. We understand the service associated with these units. We understand the education that's required and we have expertise in the organization that is not new to robotics. So that gives me a lot more confidence than if we were organization launching our first robotic system.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. But I think the – when you look at the performance in the back half, when you look at all the things we're stating relative to the innovation pipeline that we have not had in a while as an organization, and you look at some of the momentum, we're getting relative to the way the field is reacting to what they're seeing. It does give us confidence. I mean, fact is we're halfway through the two-year timeframe that we referenced, but as I said in my prepared remarks, I truly do believe we retired more than half the risk. It doesn't mean there aren't still challenges ahead of us. It doesn't mean that there's not a lot of things we still need to do. But the fact is we're feeling as bullish as we have. But we've given you a range for a reason. As Cole said, there are things that we think can help us get to the top end of that range, but there are also things that we need to manage through as we roll out the year to ensure that we don't move to the bottom end of that range. So, we've really spent a lot of time trying to give you a balanced view of what we think we can do in 2019. So, I hope you're reading into this more confidence as I'm feeling it. But the range is still reflective of that confidence.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. You're right on. I mean it is an important part of what we need to do as an organization. They're in for a number of reasons. But if I just think about supply and I think about quality just thinking about those vectors by themselves. As we begin to rationalize over time the portfolio, we clearly have an opportunity to increase our service levels from a supply perspective. The fewer categories we have, the better supply guarantee we're going to be able to provide, and the better service levels we're going to have. From a quality perspective, as you start to reduce SKUs, obviously, you have less risk in holds, in recalls, in process of getting ready to approvals. So, all those things benefit the organization and guarantee when we talk about moving from just supply stability to truly getting into supply efficiency this is on the radar. I don't want to scare anybody though at the same time because whenever I talk about this, everybody gets scared that we're going to do this and we're going to risk topline. That is not going to happen. Topline is the primary focus of the organization, but over time, we have got to be more disciplined relative to the portfolio optimization that we have. The other thing that's going to drive us in this direction is we will be a more focused organization. There's no more shotgun. It will be a rifle approach this year. We need to make sure that we look at the very specific areas that could drive mix benefit in our business and make sure that the organization collectively is focused in those areas. That gives us an opportunity to clearly start driving momentum in those specific areas. It gives us an opportunity to get better signals to the operations team so that we have better demand planning and ultimately directs traffic in specific areas, so we get better results. So, for all those reasons that I see us moving more in this direction, I just don't want anyone to be concerned that we're going to move too aggressively here and risk the topline.
Bryan Hanson: I'm not going to -- so I wouldn’t verify the specific elements relative to the disposable value or anything like that. But all the elements that you just referenced are exactly in line with the way we're thinking about mix inside of robotics. And my guess is, anybody else in robotics is thinking about it the same way. Another factor associated with this beyond just mix that I don't want to lose, because I do believe that we have an advantage is when we talk about Persona which is personalized medicine. It is personalizing the knee and anatomically speaking and size-wise for the patient. We start talking about personalized robotics with digital platforms that have the consumer appeal of Apple that is a pretty unique solution that we can begin to communicate to patients who do their homework on these procedures and potentially begin to deal in some of those patients to our surgeons. That will definitely be an area that we concentrate on. So it's not just robotics, not just mix. We clearly want to take advantage of that because we think there's a real opportunity and the elements that you referenced are exactly right. But we don't want to lose the other either.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, -- I think it's a great question. So, first of all, you're thinking about it exactly right. We communicated pretty clearly; we don't expect margin expansion in 2019. I think the range indicates that. We've been saying that all along, but we would expect to start to see movement in that direction in 2020. And very clearly as we say that the three pillars of the organization, one of those pillars is going to be top-quartile performance for total shareholder return that would indicate that we clearly believe, not just topline, but also margin expansion and increasing cash flow are all things that this organization is capable of doing. Because there's no way that we can have that as a primary pillar of the organization if we didn't think in each of those categories we can improve. And I do believe that the stabilization that we've been talking about just in the businesses that we play in today is very real the target that we should have in 2020. But when I think about the mix benefits of some of these categories, if things go well, we can get deeper penetrations and things like robotics or cementless or see the stemless which all have premiums in those procedures, then there is that opportunity even without acquisitions to outperform the market. Now, my feeling is going forward, we want to do both if we want to durably be a contender for top-quartile performer in total shareholder returns. But don't think that today given the portfolio, if things go right, we wouldn't have a chance of outperforming market.
Cole Lannum: And Joanne since you brought that up, let me also note and put a plug into this. We've sent the invitation out. Anyone who's on the call who has not got the invitation send me an e-mail and let me know. And it is very important that everyone preregister because we've already gotten a pretty overwhelming response to that meeting. We want to make sure there's enough room for everyone. So please if you're planning on coming, let us know. And thanks for the question. Operator, next question please.
Cole Lannum: Yes, Bob, are you on the same line that we're on? Are you there? Okay, operator, could you go to the next question please and if Bob…
Cole Lannum: Thanks, Bob. Thanks for the succinctness of the question. Could we have the next question, please? Next question operator, please.
Cole Lannum: Hi, thanks again everyone. We're certainly going to have to talk to our AT&T folks after this and we apologize for the continued snafus. Let's go back. Bryan you were responding to the question.
Cole Lannum: So, Kyle hopefully you heard between the first part and the second part enough of that complete answer and again, everyone, thanks for your patience. Operator, next question please.
Cole Lannum: Thank you, Rick. Look, folks we're coming up on the bottom of the hour and I want to -- we need to wrap it up pretty soon. But I know we had a couple of lates here. Operator, let's try to see if we could sneak two more questions in and then we'll wrap it up. Next question please.
Cole Lannum: Sure, absolutely. Thanks. And let's do one last question, operator, and then we need to wrap up after that. Next question, please.
Cole Lannum: Thanks for that Kristen. Thank you, Kristen. With that, we're going to close it down. Just as a couple of quick notes before we wrap-up. First of all, the sign of a good team is someone who can react quickly when something unexpected goes along. So, hopefully we were able to come back and still work through and answer most of your questions. If for some reason, and again, I apologize for the technical snafus, that was not the case, please do come back to me and -- so we make sure we could help you understand what's going on. As a reminder, a replay of this call is going to be available later today. You can review it on our website zimmerbiomet.com. And have a great Friday and a great weekend everyone. Bye, bye.
Dan Florin: Sure Raj. Well, as we said in our prepared remarks and you just referenced, Q4 is typically our highest operating margin quarter due to the seasonally strong sales volume. And that seasonally strong sales volume also benefits gross margin rate. And if you look just back over history, you'll see not only operating margin, but gross margin rates for the company being usually the strongest in the fourth quarter. And really the primary reason for that is that we're able to leverage certain fixed cost components that are inside of the cost of goods line, all right? So, that's why it's probably better to look at gross margin for Zimmer Biomet on a full year basis which for 2018 was 72%. So, as we look out to 2019 and contemplated in our guidance, our guidance of operating margin 27% to 28%, while we're not going to get specific line item detail inside the 27% to 28%. As we've been saying, you shouldn't expect margin expansion until 2020. And really when you think about gross margin and operating margin in 2019, the reasons for that include the continued higher production costs that we've been talking quite a bit about, but also the investments that we're making in our sales channel and the investments that we're making to support the new product launches that we're very excited about. So, again, I think for 2019, as we've been describing, no operating margin growth. You'll see that in 2020 and our guidance contemplates that.
Dan Florin: Well, I mean the guidance provide the range. And inside of that there's obviously moving parts through the P&L. But I think that the message we're sending is that 2019 is a year of continued investment and topline acceleration in the back half and margin expansion is more of a 2020 story and beyond.
Dan Florin: Sure. I would just add Glenn that when you think about our financial flexibility and what we're trying to accomplish on the leverage side, it fits perfectly with the timing that Bryan just described. In other words, we're entering 2019 at 3.2 times. Goal has been to make progress beyond that net leverage in that three times type range or better. And I think that based on our guidance that we provided, the free cash flow that we'll generate in 2019, we said the majority of that will go towards that paydown. I think that fits perfectly with what Bryan just described on the strategic front and the BD&L side of things. So, we're excited about the ability to as we enter 2020 to have financial flexibility and firepower to do the things -- to supplement the organic growth of Zimmer Biomet.
Dan Florin: And certainly the full launch of cement -- Persona cementless, which is happening now; and then Persona Revision in the back half of the year both at premium price will contribute towards that.
Dan Florin: Sure, Isaac. Well, first let's talk about within the adjusted earnings per share guidance, which was $7.70 to $7.90. What I was describing before, the operating margin of 27% to 28%, inside of that operating margin continues to assume pressure at the cost line, as we've been describing. So meet those elevated production costs, the capitalization of those costs and to expect that pressure to continue through 2019 with improvement coming in 2020. So that's on the adjusted P&L side of the house. Within our cash specials is where we've been capturing the pure remediation costs for quality remediation. And as we continue to progress on that program as we prepare for a FDA inspection by the end of 2019 that quality spending – that quality remediation spending will be ramping down as we progress through 2019. So in our free cash flow that does contemplate a reduction and a ramp-down in quality remediation spending, which I think is a good setup for 2020 in terms of again cash specials continuing to ramp down. Also, within the free cash flow is investment in new product launches. So the instrumentation, the inventory associated with all the new products that's all contemplated inside our free cash flow range as possible as well. So, again, just to reiterate within the adjusted P&L, continued pressure of the gross margin line for the reasons we've discussed. And then on the cash flow guidance, an expectation that quality spend will be ramping down.
Dan Florin: I think one thing – one thing I will mention to you Amit is, what you're doing there is you're taking the very high-end of our ranges, and that's fair. I mean, that's within the range. But your assumptions would be that everything goes, right and push us to the high-end of the range, that's certainly a possibility. But I think in order to do that you need to also understand that range is a range and there are things that could push us to lower in that realm as well.
