Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, I appreciate the question. So, what I would tell you is that the -- what we saw in Q3 because we actually saw a positive growth relatively in line, if not a little above say, for instance, in hips in like a typical market growth. That would indicate that we did not build further backlog or deferred patients in a way that I calculated in Q3. That said, we still have hundreds of millions of dollars of deferred patients that will eventually come back in the funnel. So, I still feel very bullish about the fact that we have these deferred patients. There are patients, as we know for most of our business that has a disease that progresses. It does not get better by itself. And as a result of that those patients typically come back in the fall. So, I wouldn't say that we built more backlog in Q3, but we certainly still have quite a bit of backlog to go through. So that's my view of where we are from a backlog standpoint. And again, I think, eventually when we get to the point where we have a vaccine that people have confidence in it or treatment that people have confidence in. We're going to have that backlog of patients begin to come through in concert with new patients and that should be a really nice headwind for our business, looking forward in that day for sure.
Bryan Hanson: And for just clarification, just to make sure that 200 to 300 is what we've done from operational standpoint since launch. And there wasn't 200 to 300 that we would expect just in 2020, but it would be since launch, which is just call about a little over a year and a half now since full launch of the ROSA System. But I'd tell you that, hey, I'm pretty enthusiastic as it the team around the ROSA placements that we saw in Q3, it was the best quarter that we've had relative to the number of installations we did in a single quarter. And I can tell you that that momentum is continuing into Q4. And even though, I think, it will be slightly better, if it is still slightly better than what we did in Q3, that's what our expectation will be in Q4. And so that pipeline, if I'm just going to call, future customers is robust as it's ever been with our product. And as I mentioned before in the prepared remarks, I really do believe the under penetration of robotics is it such a point that this is a tailwind for the organization for a long time to come. And it's a very exciting tailwind. No question about it. Because not only is it before us [ph], it's to the patient. It really is providing a level of accuracy in the operating room that you can see when you're in the operating room with surgeon. Forget studies, we've got those coming, but when the surgeon uses the robotic system in the operating room, you can see the lights go off -- I mean go on. They clearly understand that they have an opportunity to get better cuts more accurate cuts, but also and very importantly feedback right away in the operating room around tissue balancing. It's really you need to see actually to have an opportunity to go and see that kind of light bulb go off in the surgeon's mind when they're using it is pretty amazing. Relative to 2021, I don't want to give specifics there. But what I would tell you is that I would be disappointed if the level of placements that we saw in Q3 and Q4 which were better than the first half of 2020. I would be disappointed if that level of placement didn't continue into 2021, right. And that would indicate in fact that does happen that 2021 should have more placements overall than 2020 did. So, again, I think real positive momentum, great feedback from our customers and a really strong pipeline of future customers that are out there right now.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. So, what I would tell you is that the deals that we just talked about, obviously, are not super accretive relative to acquired revenue growth just [ph] not much there. Think about most product launches that we have facilitating product launches in these very attractive spaces ASC, it would also be in sports, which is kind of a combination ASC impact, and then also in the data informatics portion of things. But I would absolutely expect revenue growth to be driven in 2021, I wouldn't say 2022. I definitely believe that the portfolio being provided by these acquisitions will immediately give us traction to be able to go out and hunt in the ASC marketplace, in the sports marketplace and continue in 2021 to provide more unique offerings inside of our knee category and we talked about that knee ecosystem. So, it's all three [ph] of the things that we just talked about in prepared remarks, we will provide revenue growth just not acquired revenue growth in 2021 and well beyond by the way. As far as divestitures go, clearly, I wouldn't talk about the time frame, I don't want to give anybody any [ph] expectation here. But the fact is when we think about active portfolio management that is one of the vectors. One of the obvious ones is M&A. And for us M&A that we're going to focus on will always be to build scale and or innovation that matters in markets that are accretive to our ZB weighted average market growth. And very importantly, where we think we have a right to win and see a clear path to leadership in those categories that would potentially be on the docket for divestiture. It would in those areas that are not as financially attractive to the business are not as core to our strategy and where we don't really see a clear pathway to leadership. Those would be the things that we would look at when we think about sharing the business, but I just don't want to give you a specific time frame because I don't want to set that expectation. But just know that that is part of the equation as we think about active portfolio management with the intent over time to move more of our revenue in higher growth markets, right, as we intend. If we're going to be a top quartile performer in total shareholder return, we have to have more of our revenue in higher growth markets, I'm just talked about mid-single-digits to upper single-digit growth markets and that's the intent of the active portfolio management process.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. Maybe I'll hit that piece first. What I would tell you is we're definitely seeing it's not dramatic, but we're already seeing a slight shift back towards customers having a desire to acquire either lease or acquire the robotic systems and it almost seems like it's already starting although not nearly at the pace that it was, let's say, last year. And so I would guess, it's purely a guess, but I would again based on that assume that as we move into 2021 you might see more of a shift in that direction. But I just don't have a good sense for where it's going to land. I'll say [ph] it right now, it's definitely the larger portion of installations are these placement programs which is truly what we would prefer. I really like having that longer-term contract in relationship with the customer that does require certain volume commitment to the company and we're just building that relationship in a more stable way. But I would assume that as our customers get more confidence in the market that they may want to shift back to where they were before which is maybe acquiring more. I just don't want to give you a sense for what the percentage would be, but it is moving slightly back in that direction. Relative to Q3, interestingly enough even though there were some sales of ROSA in Q3. On a relative basis, it was actually a headwind for us. If I think about US knees particularly I talked about 3% growth in the US knees. If I eliminated ROSA as a part of that and just looked at core knees, and base knees, we actually grew closer to 4%, even a little better than 4% in base knees in the US. So, it was almost 100 bps of -- actually a little more than 100 bps of headwind from ROSA in the quarter. So, hopefully that answers the question.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Absolutely. I mean, the fact is, when we look at the performance in Wright, they had a pretty good quarter. So, clearly, at least based on that performance one would indicate that it's not disruptive yet. Always hoping for things to happen, I would be very happy if there was disruption when you try to bring those two organizations together finally. The fact is, most of the time in our industry when they're bringing two organizations together is dis-synergy risk there just is. And that's why I like some of the small deals that we just did, it really eliminates that dis-synergy risk because there are really more product launches versus bring two sales organizations together. So, I would expect at some point just given the historical views of acquisitions in our space that you are going to see some level of the dis-synergy and hoping that we have an opportunity to take advantage of that. That said, I hope is [ph] in a strategy we have a very clear strategy in our extremities business and we're executing against that. And I feel very confident in the commercial infrastructure we're putting together, the product pipeline that we have and the traction that we're getting in the marketplace right now with or without disruption from our competitors.
Bryan Hanson: Maybe what I'll do for that one is just pass it over to Suky to provide a little more color there. I know you had some of that in your prepared remarks, Suky, but maybe you can comment on that.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I'd say, it's -- that's the most exciting thing for me on Persona Revision. And probably it was a little ostomy to take impurities [ph] in the beginning, because I assume the better connection between Revision sets and primary, but what we're finding is that a good portion of that $40 million or so of competitive conversion [ph] where we have the primary business already, we did not have the Revision System. But a lot of them or the other way around, but we didn't have the primary or the Revision. And so when we pick up that Revision business, it absolutely, as I said before, gives us a right to hunt for the primary business. And it's an order of magnitude larger than the Revision business. So, if you just look at the market differential, let's call, Revision somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% of the overall knee market. The rest of it is really primary unit that are out there. And that again once we get the Revision business, we then can go after that primary, the unit that the surgeon is doing. And it doesn't mean you're going to natural get or automatically get it but you again have a right to go after it and you build the trust and you build the relationship with the surgeon and it gives you that chance. So, I absolutely expect two things in 2021, continued competitive conversions with primary and with Revision, but also that opportunity to pull in the primary business as well. And it will clearly be one of the catalysts that we use to continue to drive towards above market growth in knees just as we've been saying. It will absolutely be one of the variables that will drive us in that direction in 2021.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, maybe, Suky, I'll start, if you want to provide any more color feel free to do so. I would say, generally, what you're saying is accurate, I would say that Asia Pacific which is clearly being less impacted by surgeons in the virus seem to be relatively consistent. Again, it's early in the quarter based on what we've seen so far, pretty consistent with the growth rates that we saw in Q3, overall, Q3. The Americas, even though it's a positive growth, it has slightly decelerated versus Q3. But the good news is even with the surges that we're seeing in the US, we're still seeing positive growth. And it's close relative to what we saw in Q3 again, it's early. And the risk feels a little more tenuous right now because the surges are so much more prominent than they were in Q3. But the fact is that US is hanging in there and still has positive growth, but in EMEA, to your point, we are seeing more pressure. The policy decisions and the reaction to the virus surge is more acute in Europe, Middle East and Africa. No question about it. And I would expect Q4 to be slower growth and it was already negative in Q3 than Q3 was. And so we're really watching this everywhere, obviously, but right now, Europe, Middle East and Africa is a key area of focus for us to understand what's happening in that region. And then importantly, inside of that storm, if you will, what are we going to do to make sure that we stay ahead of the competition while it's occurring.
Bryan Hanson: Well, let me clarify what you're saying there is, what you're saying is that, so take the US, for instance, if you look at a specific state or a county inside the US that is being very hard hit by surges, what he was referencing is that even in those very hard hit areas, the county or the state, you're still seeing 70% to 90% of procedure volumes that you would typically see, say, versus 2019. So, that doesn't necessarily mean that broad-based, we're seeing 70%, 90% of demand, it's just, let's say that in that hard-hit area, you're still seeing 70% to 90% of typical procedure volume, so that is what he was referencing.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. We don't really provide a breakdown beyond the S.E.T. overall category. But what I would tell you is that the US and I think that Suky referenced this in your prepared remarks, you said I think that the overall S.E.T. category. The US was definitely the strongest performer in the world. I think, we have somewhere neighborhood the 6% in US S.E.T. performance from a growth standpoint. So, that would indicate that we clearly had lower growth in other parts of the world, which isn't surprising when you think about our S.E.T. category, say, for instance in Asia Pacific, a bigger part of that category would be trauma in that region plus other [ph] regions, just given the dominance or the significant portion of revenue in each [ph] specific that China has. And even though we're seeing less surges of the virus in that part of the world, we still are seeing less activity. And that typically will drive lower volumes and/or lower revenue growth in sports, it would drive lower revenue growth in trauma. So, just when people aren't moving as much and they are not doing as much, we typically see those two businesses with inside of S.E.T. get hurt. And I would tell you that as we talked a lot about, we've had pretty significant focus in extremities obviously upper extremities is one of the key areas of focus for us. And I would just say, our growth rate there is promising. And that's probably all the detail I provide below S.E.T. But overall, if I look at the category, the US region -- the US or the Americas was definitely the strongest growth region.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, sure. So, we're not obviously giving guidance on 2021 and I'm not going to speak to Street numbers. What I would say is next year's profile, obviously, it's going to be driven by revenue and a large component of that is going to depend on what happens relative to COVID-19. From a top line perspective, if we saw situation where the recent surges and [ph] experiences begin to abate or moderate and then stabilize, there could be a pathway to seeing a 2021 revenue profile. That's in line with the 2019 revenues. And if we got into next year and saw that stabilization moderation, but also on top of that saw vaccine or credible treatment. In tandem with the vaccine, you could potentially see volumes or revenues ahead of 2019 level. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it from a broad strokes perspective, but there is look [ph] a lot of runway between here and there relative to COVID and how that's going to play out. So, we're going to pause on giving too much additional color beyond that. From a margin perspective, it's really going to fall in line with overall revenue and volumes, right, as you would expect. Volumes and revenue is better, so will margins. That's intuitive. I would say, as we think about our margins going into next year, there are a number of headwinds and tailwinds that we have taken into consideration using sort of second half of this year as a starting point or as a run rate. First on gross margins, we'd actually had a pretty good quarter in Q3. We expect to sequentially step-up in gross margin into Q4 based on overall volumes and seasonality that we typically see in the fourth quarter. But as we move into next year and as overall regional mix starts to stabilize with a stabilization of COVID, we're seeing a mix tailwind right now that may abate into next year. So, that could be a slight headwind, as we go into next year. And then we have had some pressure on overall COGS this year because of lower volumes, because of prior-year deferred costs. Those are going to continue into next year. So, there are a couple of headwinds in gross margin that we're closely watching. Now having said that, we're also very aggressive on our cost down opportunities and cost of goods. So, that could be a tailwind to next year. But we've always talked about coming out of 2020 as part of our broader restructuring program, the 30% operating margin aspiration that you should expect to start to see a stabilization from 2020 as you move out to 2023 when it comes to gross margin. And then within operating margin, I'll tell you we're going to continue to ramp up investment. I think, what you see over the last two quarters was our performance relative to market has been strong. One of the reasons behind that is because we've been making really smart investments and our commercial teams have been optimizing those investments and getting quick ROI those. And so we're going to continue to ramp up that spending because we got a lot of great products. We've got great execution in very strong end markets and so we're going to see a step-up in investment as we move into 2021. Having said all that we're consistent with where we were before that if we saw revenues at 2019 levels, we would expect -- we'd be disappointed if operating margin within 2021 didn't reach those levels, maybe not for the full year, but within 2021, we would expect to get to those margin levels. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit more perspective on how we're thinking about 2021. But, again, a lot more to play out yet with COVID.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, the extrapolation from there is even in the very acute second surges, we're not seeing anything that resembles what we saw in April and May, right. So, clearly, the end markets, the hospital systems with precision, more deference being provided to them, they are better prepared to deal with COVID. They have better protocols and triage our patients, I mean, they've got incentives to get the elective procedures through. So, that's really the key point of that statement of 70% to 90%.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, I think, we actually commented on that on our second quarter call. And some of those very hard hit counties within the states that you mentioned were operating somewhere in that 80% to 90% range. So, we've seen a very consistent pattern coming out for a few months where we've seen heightened surface. So, I think, that's again another positive inflection that we're not going to return back to those periods of April and May, even with acute surges, at least based on what we're seeing today. The time to abate, it really -- it's variable, right, there is no broad statement, it depends on the specific market, the specific sub-market that you're talking about or territory and the number of surges and how quickly -- how big that population is, and how quickly those surge rates come back down. So, it's tough to say. But in some of those hardest hits where we were at 80%, 90%, we've seen a path in some of those where they've gotten back to normal or perhaps a little bit above normal within a few months. But, again, it's really variable from market to market.
Vijay Kumar: Yes. That's extremely helpful. And Bryan one for you on that. Thanks for all the color on the Persona Revision. I guess, when you look at next year, as you guys gain traction on the Revision side, should those, I guess, gains accelerate as you gain a beachhead into the primary side of knee as well.
Vijay Kumar: So, on that the Persona Revision knee side, I think, the comment you made was that should allow you guys to go after the primary implant side as well. So, when you think…
Vijay Kumar: $40 million of net gains on the Revision side, should we perhaps be looking at an accelerating share gains for next year as you gain share into -- on the primary side.
