Dan Florin: Thank you, Bryan. To start off, in addition to Bryan’s comments about our third quarter performance, I would like to point out a few other items that will impact your models. First, I want to highlight a couple of headwinds affecting our revenues including some specific pressure on our other revenue line in addition to the foreign exchange. There are also a couple of items below our operating income that will benefit us over the next several quarters as we expect both our net interest expense and our effective tax rate to come in lower than previously expected. Turning first to revenues, our results will be impacted by disruption related to the pending termination of our U.S. distribution agreement with a bone cement supplier. This matter is still evolving and is currently in litigation. At this time, we anticipate the termination of this distribution agreement may have a negative impact of between $10 million and $15 million per quarter on our other revenue line beginning in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we are actively working to mitigate this issue by transitioning our customers to our internally produced bone cement, but we still expect the net impact will be a revenue headwind over the next several quarters. Regarding FX, the strengthening U.S. dollar over the last several months will continue to put pressure on reported revenues and earnings. To put this in perspective, while our organic revenue growth in the third quarter was above our expectations, the negative FX impact was about 100 basis points worse than previously expected and we expect a similar impact for the next several quarters. Turning to items below operating income, as you model our net interest expense, you should expect modest declines from the $68 million that we reported this quarter. In addition, we have taken advantage of further tax planning opportunities, which is primarily why you see the third quarter tax rate coming in lower than expectations. Because of this, we now expect the tax rate for the full year to be below our prior guidance range. While the points I just discussed will likely move some specific line items in your models, we do not expect dramatic changes to 2018 earnings. In other words, the positive effect of tax and interest will largely offset the negative FX impact that we are seeing in 2018. Turning now to our detailed third quarter results, net sales totaled $1.837 billion, an increase of 1.3% over the prior year period, which represents an increase of 2.3% on a constant currency basis. On a similar basis in the Asia-Pacific region, our sales increased by 7.6%, Americas sales increased by 1.7%, and our Europe, Middle East and Africa sales were flat. Moving down the income statement, GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.79, adjusted earnings per share were $1.63, adjusted operating margin came in at 25.6%, including an adjusted gross margin of 71.6%. A reconciliation of reported net earnings to adjusted net earnings is included in this morning’s press release. These adjusted results exclude $247 million of expenses in the quarter, approximately $148 million of which are non-cash charges primarily related to intangible amortization. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.5%, which brings our year-to-date adjusted effective tax rate to 18.6%. Operating cash flow for the quarter amounted to $484 million and our free cash flow was $345 million. Year-to-date free cash flow totaled $1.49 billion. We paid down $300 million of debt in the quarter bringing our year-to-date total debt pay-down to $900 million. With that, let me turn the call back to Bryan.
Dan Florin: Okay, Amit. This is Dan. Let me first start by saying that we’ve talked extensively about the pressures on gross margin and the fact that we expect those pressures to continue through 2019. And that the primary driver of that is the same driver, which is elevated production costs predominately out of the North Campus facility. And recall that we’ve talked about not only the incurrence of elevated production costs that is tied together with the quality remediation work that we're doing in that factory and the fact that our accounting policy is such that we capitalize those costs and they flow through the income statement as we sell that inventory. So, there's about a one-year lag between incurrence of variances and getting the full impact in the P&L of those variances. So that works the same way as we drive cost improvement. So, as we drive cost improvement, it goes on the balance sheet and then it takes a full-year before that’s fully through the income statement. So, that's why there is a delayed impact from benefit and a delayed impact from incurrence. So, as we sit here through 2019, we’re still going to be incurring the full run rate of those elevated costs throughout 2019. Now our new Head of Operations, Ken Tripp continues to bring in additional resources and as that team triages away from focus on supply recovery, the team will start to pivot towards significant cost reduction activity. We expect that pivot to occur next year, and so I would not expect any gross margin benefit in 2019 through those efforts, that’s more of a 2020 impact to the income statement.
Dan Florin: And Bob, with respect to 2019, first and foremost to be clear we are not providing 2019 guidance on today’s call, we will do that in the coming months. But let me try to provide some color to help folks with their models. First, with respect to revenue at current FX rates as we look to 2019, there will be more than 100 bps of headwinds on reported revenues in 2019 versus 2018 and I mentioned the bone cement transition that also will be a bit of a headwind for the next several quarters as I said in my prepared remarks. On the positive side, as Bryan just said, continued supply recovery, the important new launches that we have coming all feed a growing momentum in the base business. With respect to earnings per share for 2019, again some headwinds and some positives; first, with respect to headwinds just relative to our last earnings call if you look at the combination of foreign currency and the bone cement issue together those represent about a $0.15 per share headwind for 2019, with probably more than half of that coming in the first half of the year. I spoke to gross margin earlier that will continue to be pressured through 2019 as well for the reasons I have discussed and importantly we are going to continue to invest in the business for growth as we have been talking about. Now on the positive side, again relative to our last earnings call, we do anticipate lower interest expense and a slightly lower tax rate through 2019, which will make up for some of that incremental EPS pressure coming from FX and bonus amount. And we will continue to work through the other moving parts in the 2019 financial model. And when you put that all together for the reasons that I have stated, I would not expect operating margins to expand in 2019, but again we will provide more specifics when we provide 2019 guidance.
Dan Florin: And Rick with respect to free cash flow and debt paydown, year-to-date, our free cash flow is $1.049 billion. So, good free cash flow for the first three quarters of this year, so we’re on track to deliver free cash flow in line with the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. And clearly, our priority as we’ve been saying in terms of what we do with that free cash flow is to pay down debt and pay the dividend, that's really the – where our focus is. We’ve talked also in the past about capital allocation first-and-foremost to pay down debt to get leverage inside of three times, we’ve talked a lot about that. And we have a host of free cash flow initiatives that we've been executing last year, this year and we’ll continue to do so, everything from basic working capital improvements to productivity of instrumentation and those will continue certainly as we look at our cash thresholds particularly the quality remediation burn rate. We expect that to start to wind down through next year that will be a source of free cash flow as well. So, we still feel as part of the turnaround that we’ve talked about that our increased financial flexibility will start to show itself exiting next year.
Dan Florin: Yes, I have nothing to add. I mean, I agree with what Bryan said with respect just to reiterate the fact that our revenue guidance for 2018 remains unchanged other than updating our FX assumptions is the only thing I would add to what Bryan just said.
Dan Florin: Yes, I agree. And just with respect to pricing, pricing continues to be very stable. So pricing for Q3 for us was a negative 2.4%, which was in line with if you look back to full year 2017 was negative 2.5% and Q2 was negative 2.5% as well, so very stable price declines in that 2.5% type range.
Dan Florin: And I would just add that in addition to all of that as the revenue growth accelerates that natural opportunity to leverage our fixed overhead structure is a big opportunity as well, so plenty of opportunity over time as Bryan just said.
Dan Florin: I would also like to add just really a shout out to our team that has made this possible, just remember, we acquired MediTech in September of 2016. So in just over a 2-year time period, we are launching ROSA knee with our ROSA spine coming and just tremendous effort by our team. I don’t want to shout them out for the great job that they are doing. We are excited about 2019 on robotics.
Dan Florin: Sure. Yes. I would just reiterate that what I said is that for the fourth quarter, you should expect the bone cement issue to be size of between $10 million to $15 million of negative impact in revenue in Q4 and that will continue until we anniversary out of that. Now we are doing a lot to mitigate against that number plus that’s our best estimate at this point in time. The second thing I will just reiterate is when I talked about 2019 I said that’s the combination of FX and the bone cement would be a $0.15 headwind on 2019 that we are looking to 2019 earnings, that’s right, yes. And that’s relative to our last earnings call, right, so $0.15 per share next year that will work to offset to the extent possible.
Dan Florin: Yes. And I would just add to that, that the strength of our portfolio deserves above market growth sustainably as we have just not – we have not been delivering that mainly due to supply and as supply is recovering, you are seeing that in the hip number, but again just to reiterate Q3 was up against an easier comp. But as we look for the future, we are very – feel really good about our hip portfolio and what the team can do with that.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Dan. As you have just heard, we are pleased with our progress and I think more importantly and more broadly that the entire Zimmer Biomet team is coming together as one Zimmer Biomet and I can’t stress enough how important that is for us to be able to have sustained performance in the business. And overall, our achievement in the third quarter even though it looked a little better than it was clearly is showing that we have confidence that we are on track with our turnaround and ultimately positioning the company for long-term value creation. And so with that, I am going to go ahead and turn it back over to Cole and move into Q&A session.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Josh I appreciate the question. So it wouldn’t risk our Pursuit of that weighted average market growth if we do it the right way. Here is – first of all we have reduced certain SKUs already, we are just not anywhere near where we need to be. In reality we have got to be cautious at how fast we pursue it because let’s say we have had supply issues as an organization for all the reasons that we have referenced in the past, the worst thing we can do right now when we have been stressing our surgeon partners because of the supply issue is the start taking away products they know and love. And so we do have a sequence this thing appropriately, get to that place where we feel confident that supply is in good shape that our field sales organization feels the same way as well as our surgeon partners. And at that point we begin the process of removing families that don’t make sense anymore with the strategy that we have. But to do those concurrently it would put too much pressure on our ability to service our customers and I think we frustrated customer right now, that’s the reason why we are pacing it. I just throw it out there because it is something we will have to tackle as an organization to be able to get to the service levels that I would expect of our organization. So that’s kind of where we stand with it right now, it’s something we are going to pursue we just got to sequence it in the right way.
Bryan Hanson: Alright and great, Rick. I will start with the FDA, really nothing more than what I had in my prepared remarks. The fact is we are diligently pursuing the remediation activities that we need to put in place. We are on track with the timeline that we would have expected for that remediation. We continue to put patient safety first and foremost in our mind. I just want to make sure that I say that, if we ever feel that we have a risk to patients that would change the trajectory of that remediation. Certainly we don’t feel that way and that’s why we feel we are on track. So and again to the extent that we can we are trying to keep the FDA informed with everything that we are doing and make sure that we stay as close to them as possible. But I guess that’s really all I have to say. We are on track with the remediation timeline and we feel confident with where we are in that process.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So, I purposely didn’t give a specific number there, but I will give you some color around it. Dan referenced the fact that in the fourth quarter we are going to be challenged a bit on the cement side of our business just given the distribution change that’s happening. You referenced that would be between $10 million and $15 million. What I would tell you was that when I think about the comps, not the comps, but when I think about the timing issues for both tenders and capital, if I combine those it’s a number smaller than that, it’s a number smaller than that. So, the benefit that we received in Q3 is something under that range and the pressure that we will receive in Q4 will be the same thing, something under that range.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I appreciate the question, Robbie. So, I think we are moving well. One of the things that I referenced in my prepared remarks is we have got a few things working in our favor when we look at the commercial organization and as a result of that, our surgeon population as well. We are getting better engagement with the commercial team. There is no question that, that engagement is increasing and it’s being felt across the board. I will say that this is a continuous improvement game and will never be where I want us to be, but if I just think of where we are now from an engagement standpoint with the sales organization versus when I started, I think anyone you ask would say that it’s better and I would say much better than it was, but we will not stop there, we will continue to make sure that we improve in that area. And then of course outside of engagement, supply recovery certainly helps put a positive in the sales reps arm in new products. We have been on track with the new products that we have been referencing. We have been on time. And when you are on time with new products that gives the sales organization alike to what they need to drive the organization forward. And I think the combination of those things is really what’s changing the engagement and the feeling that you have in the commercial organization. We are not where we want to be. We still have opportunity for improvement, but it’s definitely moving in the right direction. And I would say the same with our surgeon partners.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. It’s – I usually try to stay away from many of these strength or weakness from a market perspective in a quarter. The fact is we delivered a little better results than we expected in the quarter. Some of that was due to the timing that I referenced before. Some of it is just natural momentum in the business that we are getting based on the other things that I have referenced. But there isn’t anything in particular that I am hearing from my sales organization that would indicate that we saw strength that would be unusual in the quarter. I really do think that for all organizations it was a relatively easy comp in the quarter that made the market look a little stronger than maybe it actually was, but again nothing that I saw in the quarter, I think Dan you probably feel the same way that would indicate to us that there is unusual strength that we could count on moving forward.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I would tell you as you said, the new products is everything for an organization and that to have the channel in the right structure as we exit this year, we are going to be able for the first time to actually have in a while to have a kickoff meeting with the spine organization. And I’d tell you when you have a kickoff meeting with an organization that’s ready to go and you introduced new products that there is serious energy that comes out of that and that’s what we expect to be able to do. One of the biggest things that people are excited about obviously is to be able to bring robotics to spine. We are still on track with what we have been saying. We are also waiting on regulatory approval for that spine application for ROSA. And for that reason, we are still on track with what we have been expecting, but yes, we have got new products coming, we have got the channel in the right place and we are going to have our first kickoff in a while with that team coming up here in the beginning of the year.
Bryan Hanson: And I would just add, agree with Cole and we have provided a fair bit of information that should enable you to model Q4 revenue and EPS for that matter. And just to reiterate that our revenue guidance remains unchanged other than updating our FX assumptions for the year.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. So no, I think that the 2% to 3% is with the current pipeline. I feel that’s our weighted average market growth. It is what we should be able to get to with our current pipeline. In reality, I would like to see us with the current pipeline be able to do more than, to be able to take share. But what you can count on typically is that you should at least be able to be at your weighted average market growth if you are firing on all cylinders if not higher. When I talk about active portfolio management, it’s because I don’t like the idea of our weighted average market growth being 2% to 3% and the active portfolio management would be focused on getting us in the spaces that are higher growth rate than that build scale in those spaces and ultimately as a result of that increase, our weighted average market growth. So that active portfolio management would be fully intended to get us above the 2% to 3% growth rate.
Bryan Hanson: Okay, great. So when I talk about the investment spending, I am not going to obviously give too any specifics, because I don’t want to make it clear to my competition, where we are going to be spending our time and effort, but it’s pretty consistent broadly with what I have said in the past. Part of that will go to research and development. Part of it will go to our selling and marketing organizations to make sure that we have specialization where needed. So we can drive traction in those faster growth submarkets that we play in and ultimately diversify our growth, so that will continue. But remember as we do launch ROSA as we do try to get additional traction with this collaboration with Apple, that does require spend and that will – when I talk about increasing those investment when we come into 2019, that’s exactly what I am talking about, to launch those appropriately, to be able to get the traction that we need in the field, we need to make sure that we are increasing the spend in those areas, so that’s what I talk about, those are the areas of concentration and that’s the reason for the increased investment. When I think of ROSA differentiation, we have been trying to stay away from speaking too much about telegraphing our talk track associated with what our system is going to do versus anybody else’s. But I think you can get a clue from what I talked about earlier, which is the first surgeon doing procedures with the system brand new, did 5 cases in a typical surgical day. That would tell you something about I know the way that the robotic system will work with the current flow of a procedure. And that will be one of the biggest things that we talk about, won’t get into other things, but just know that, that will be one of the primary things we concentrate on is being able to use robotic system without dramatically disrupting the surgical flow, which is a big deal.
Bryan Hanson: David is doing a great job over there. So obviously, Kristen, given the history that I have with the individual you are talking about, there is similar playbook that we would put in the place here. I don’t know that the opportunities are as readily available as maybe what you have seen there, but there is always opportunity in the business, 100%. And one of the key areas we are going to be concentrating on would be in gross margin. As Dan referenced, we are going to continue to see some pressure as we come into 2019, because all of these costs that we have haven’t quite capitalized in yet, but as we turn the machine on and we start to get after cost reduction in our manufacturing facilities, there is no way that, that doesn’t begin to translate into margin expansion. That will be one of the primary areas we concentrate on. So it will come. In addition to that, we will look at stuff below gross margin, OpEx to make sure that we are truly doing zero-based budgeting that we understand why we are spending and where we are spending and we will look to be able to reduce costs where it makes sense. One of the primary things it allows you to do that is to get better focused on growth drivers, we are not as focused as I would have liked us to be as an organization in selecting the markets, they are going to matter most to us, getting our path to leadership inside of those markets and then differentially spending in those areas. Once we do that that will by default allow us to decrease spending in areas that don’t fit those growth driver categories. With just that mix shift alone and the efficiency we get out of that focus will drive operating margin expansion. So, I am not committing to it overnight that we have already given some color on this, it was going to take some time, but there is clearly opportunity in the organization over time.
Bryan Hanson: So out of the gate, well, I want to be clear on, we are waiting on regulatory approval for both the knee and spine applications. They are two different units today. So with spine that will be in the same chassis if you will with brain. So, our brain application and spine application will be in the same robotic system. I think probably everybody knows, but we are already marketing on the brain side. That system is already out and we are actively selling those units. And once we get regulatory approval on the spine side, that unit will also have the capability to do spine procedures as well. Out of the gate, the knee system will be separate. There is an opportunity clearly for us to be able to combine all three applications in one unit. The benefit associated with that is that you are going to get better return on invested capital for accounts, because you are going to get more volume out of the same unit. We are not doing that out of the gate, we are going to be assessing the value of doing that in the future. And if it makes sense, we could certainly make that happen. Relative to the way we are going to commercialize, the robotic system, I don’t want to get too much into our plan here, because I don’t want to telegraph anything, but just we are not in the business of robotic sales, we are in the business of market share. And so we are going to approach the platform in a way that brings the most value to our customers and brings the most value to Zimmer Biomet.
Bryan Hanson: So let me try to hit this. So on the hip side, we are couple of things there, if you call it out, we had a pretty easy comp that benefited the number, but we aren’t seeing progress. We have supply recovery, which is helping our field sales organization. We have a grade hip line and being able to have that supply, have our sales organization, utilize the supply is translated into benefit in hip for us. Certainly, in the quarter, you don’t expect those quarters moving forward, because it wasn’t an easy comp that made it look as good as it was. But we are seeing momentum in hip. On the S.E.T. side of the business what I would say is, it is probably a little more hindered on the supply side than hips and knees. But in reality we are still on our trajectory to be able to get improvement in S.E.T., particularly versus first half and second half. We need that improvement that overall growth rate improvement, I like to see it every quarter, but I am going to look at it as, because you always got time in between quarters. We need that improvement to continue and we expect that it will. So we have other product launches in the S.E.T. categories that we would expect to continue to help us. And as we have said before some of that investment that we have been making is specialization in those areas which again should allow us to continue that improvement of revenue growth as time moves on. I am not happy with where we are even let’s call it even if we are looking at the growth rate in the quarter we are in, that was buoyed by comps, we are still not in market growth rate. So we have real opportunity here, real headroom that we need to make sure that we continue to take advantage of.
Bryan Hanson: Let me start Vijay, on the guidance numbers I would refer you back to the press release where we have clearly stated which numbers we are reiterating, which ones we are not. What we are not going to do is more interpolate additional numbers based on that, again more than happy to take you through the math offline if needed, but we are not to go through specific numbers down the call as I have said earlier. With that let me turn over to Dan, I think...
Bryan Hanson: I would personally never say it that way. But I do think that having a robotic system whether it would be in spine, whether it would be in brain, whether it would be in orthopedics, recon, I think is a must to have. I think if they are going to be a real player in any of those spaces, you better ensure that you have got a robotic platform that brings some value to the equation. I think it will table stakes to play in my opinion.
Bryan Hanson: I don’t know that I have any more specific comments on hips side of the business. I think we saw – we are seeing traction. Our supply recovery is in place on the hip side. We have a great portfolio. Sales organization is getting traction as a result of it. I just wouldn’t expect Q3 to be a number that you are going to see anytime soon, because the comp was a real benefit to us.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I did want to, if I didn’t get a chance to, but the cement thing I do want to spend just a little bit more time on that. We have quantified it obviously in the $10 million to $15 million range in fourth quarter and that’s going to continue into 2019, sorry about the train in the background, but I just want to give some additional color on that. I mean, it’s really frustrating that it’s happening right now, because the fact is our recovery is in full swing. The momentum we have in the business feels right and to have something like this come in that creates a material headwind is beyond irritating. As Dan said though, we are not going to just sit idly by and let this thing just leak from us, we do have an internal bone cement, we will be and already have plans in place to be able to try to pursue this business and stop that leakage, but until we actually get traction on that execution, we want to be very clear this is a real headwind for us that we are going to have to deal with. The good news is it’s a relatively small category. So I don’t expect any peripheral impact associated with this. In other words, cement is not going to have this kind of negative pull-through effect on our recon business. That’s just not going to happen. As a matter of fact eventually, the size and scale of our recon business is probably an opportunity for us to recapture some of this business that we lose over the short-term. And I think probably the most important thing I want to call out here is regardless of the negative impact we have on losing this distribution right here, the fact is we are still on track with the recovery and though it maybe a pain point for us in 2019 and in the fourth quarter of 2018, it is not going to get in the way of that recovery that we have talked about in 2020. It’s a finite thing. It has a beginning and an end. It’s a distribution agreement that’s lost, it’s going to hurt us and then it’s going to annualize out and it’s gone. So I just want to make sure that, that’s clear. I am frustrated by it. It’s a real headwind for us, but it is something that will start and finish and it’s not going to get in the way of the recovery.
Cole Lannum: And Rick, you threw out a number of a couple of billion in free cash flow in line with what Dan just said, while I look forward to the day when that is the correct number. I just want to clarify here that Dan’s comment earlier on our free cash flow expectation for the year, which remains unchanged is $1.2 billion to $1.35 billion, just a little bit south of the $2 billion number that you threw out there. Operator, next question please.
Cole Lannum: Before we get there, I want to remind people again, guys, one question per caller, please don’t make me come in and do this anymore. It really helps. Bryan, please continue.
Cole Lannum: So, Larry, let me jump in there. I mean, let me be clear on this. We have been clear all year. We are not going to give specific quarterly guidance nor should you ever assume a midpoint being a more likely number than any other number in the range. While offline I am more than happy to take you through all the different puts and takes that we have talked about publicly here and get you through the numbers. We are not going to speak to specific numbers or answering questions about guiding to a specific number in a quarter, we are just not going to go there.
Cole Lannum: Yes, Bryan. I think Bryan specifically had talked about the number of things that affected the third quarter, will affect fourth quarter. I think directionally we are giving you a lot of color here. And in fact we are giving you a lot of color about 2019 in an environment where we are not even giving specific 2019 guidance yet, but I think we are going to draw the line there and not get anymore specific qualitatively, okay. Next question please.
Cole Lannum: Pretty soon, you will be talking to the people of Chicago and comparing them to the ones in Zimmer Biomet. Next question please.
Cole Lannum: Thanks. Operator we are coming up on the bottom of the hour, we would look to try to get at least two more questions if we can. Next question please.
Cole Lannum: And operator, I think we have got time for one more question. Let’s try to do one more question before we wrap up.
Cole Lannum: So with that everyone, thank you. I know it’s in the middle of early season and it’s a Friday. We really appreciate your time this morning. Appreciate you joining us. As a reminder, a replay of the call will be available later today to review on our website at zimmerbiomet.com. Have a great day and great weekend. Talk to you soon. Cheers. Bye-bye.
