David C. Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. Zimmer's second quarter performance demonstrated continued progress against our financial targets for the year, including expanded margins and earnings. As we move into the second half of the year, we're confident that ongoing new product introductions will help accelerate top line growth. We will continue to sustain our earnings growth through progress in our operational excellence programs, which to date, have generated savings that are on track with our long-term goal of $400 million by 2016. These activities will continue to support our commitment to provide increased value to our stockholders through progressive industry-leading operating margins and financial leverage in 2012 and beyond. And now, I'd like to ask Christie to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. I think that there's a mix of selling day changes within the third quarter, where we pick up outside the U.S. and lose a day within the US. And I think that we're in a pretty steady state in the fourth quarter, with respect to selling days, Kim. But for us, in the second half, it is about executing the opportunities that we have on the new products. And some of the drivers for that will include, on the Knee side, the intelligent instruments. We continue to have nice traction with our PSI technologies for our Total Knee Systems, as well as for our Uni Knee System Zuck [ph]. We're doing really well with the eLIBRA Knee Balancing System as another interoperative intelligent instrument. And then if we get to the back half of the year, the back quarter, Q4 that is, we'll start to see some initial traction from our Next Generation Knee System that's going to become meaningful in 2013, but we look to get a bit of a lift in Q4 from the beginnings of a fuller launch of the Next Generation Knee System. On the Hip side, VIVACIT-E, the cross-linked polyethylene that I described, is a big opportunity for us. We think that this is a differentiated technology that will become a platform technology. And we're really excited about the testing and the initial receptivity to that technology that we'll be leveraging across our portfolio, in time. Extremities, the Sidus Stem-Free Shoulder is going to drive nice growth outside the US marketplace. Trauma, Next Generation External Fixation System, XtraFix, is going to help on that side. We continue to do very well with our ZNN family of nails, as well as our NCB Periprosthetic plating system in Trauma. Spine, the InViZia Cervical Plate is showing nicely. We continue to do well with our MIS applications of the Pathfinder NXT. And then most recently, the clearances of a couple of different lines for different anatomical sites of the TM Interbody systems are diving nice growth, and that's a differentiated inner body technology as part of our core fusion offering. Dental, we are now at a broad rollout of the Zfx Digital Dentistry Solution, and we're moving to a broader rollout of the TM Dental Implant, that's the Trabecular Metal Technology incorporated into a premium dental implant. And then finally, on the Surgical side, the SoPlus line of power tools and the Synvasive line of blade technologies. So all of these products are cleared and in the process of being launched. And I would tell you that we're hitting our milestones. That we're part of the plan coming into the year. So we feel really good about the projection that we provided at the beginning of the year, that we would be able to launch these new systems, build the inventory and the instruments necessary and begin to see top line growth acceleration, driven by these product launches in the second half of the year.
David C. Dvorak: The intelligent instruments are primarily focused at this point on the Knee category. So both the PSI technologies and the eLIBRA that is a Knee Balancing System. So, focused on knees, but you should expect to see other applications of those intelligent instrument technologies across various anatomical sites coming from us before too much more time passes.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. Smart tools were in a limited release phase. And in some instances, those are o U.S. releases. But again, you'll be seeing those in the coming quarters for sure within the United States market.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Bob. We're very pleased with the performance of many of our sales territories in the United States. They're growing at or above market rates and have been doing that consistently. I would tell you that there are certain other territories that are lagging market growth, and we've already made some changes in those markets, including in instances, leadership changes or allocating more resources. So some of that involves disruption, when you make those changes. But we're very focused on ensuring that we're well positioned across that entire channel, Bob, to exploit these new product introductions. And so, we've been aggressive about driving the performance standard at a very high level. And in an instance where we didn't think we're going to get what we need to get out of those territories, we changed our leadership and made adjustments as necessary. So that'll take some time, but those are actions that have been ongoing. And I would expect to start to see some improvements maybe not so much in Q3, but in Q4, certainly, in those underperforming territories. And outside the United States, we feel really good about what's happening and the job that our leadership is doing to take advantage of growth opportunities or to find growth opportunities in markets that are struggling, frankly, including throughout Europe, Middle East and Africa.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, Bob. I mean, we're not going to go into a lot of granularity with that, but it's a combination. I mean, these are -- this is part of the ongoing management of the business. And so, some of these changes would date back a year, some of them more recently. The model structure varies depending upon the opportunities and the talent that we have in a particular jurisdiction, so it's a mix of timing and approaches. But the consistent denominators across all those channels is it's going to be a performance-based structure. And we expect to drive growth at or above market in each of these territories. And if we don't see the right things happening to achieve that goal, then we're going to figure out what adjustments need to be made to get there. And I'm very confident that we're going to be able to drive improvement. And I know that the new product introductions are going to enhance the pace of the improvement.
David C. Dvorak: You're asking us to solve a problem that a lot of smart people have been focused on for some time. I would tell you that as all those macroeconomic conditions impact our business, there are a lot of developed markets throughout Europe, Middle East and Africa that are tough markets right now. I think, among the largest developed markets in the EMEA segment, probably the UK is the only jurisdiction where I think we're seeing positive growth on the large joint side. Market-wise, we're driving growth in markets that are flat or slightly negative throughout those developed markets in Europe, Joanne. So it's a tough market. You're going to have a lot of dynamics going on, as they attempt to address the debt crisis that they're operating under. And so there are pullbacks and procedures, there's, obviously, price pressure that comes along with the austerity measures that they're looking to drive. But I feel absolutely terrific about the job that our team is doing there. We have really good momentum in those businesses. And so that team is to-date, able to go find growth where the market is not handing it to them. And we want to continue to support them and keep that momentum going, because those are complicated markets. There's a consistency, obviously, in language and otherwise across the market like the US. Not that all territories are the same, but you get into the complexities of a European set of businesses, and each of those markets is different and the languages and the cultures, obviously are different. And the job that our team is doing there to pull all that together and drive the growth that they are is really commendable.
David C. Dvorak: So the step down in Asia-Pacific that is principally driven by Japan sequentially was from Q1. We had negative price of 0.7 to Q2, negative 2.8. And then some of that decline in price in Asia-Pacific that was driven by the biannual price adjustment in Japan, Raj [ph], was offset by modest improvement in both the Americas and the European segment.
David C. Dvorak: The answer is no to the last part of your question, Matt. And this is an execution game. It's the same generally product portfolio that is available across our global markets. And our o U.S. teams, as I've said, have good momentum, are executing very well. These are very experienced sales teams. And I'll tell you, we've been focused on continuing to make investments and grow our market share in the developed markets. We've taken advantage of some product opportunities that we've had and done very well on the commercial side in those instances. And then where there's been disruption within the marketplace, those teams have been in a position to identify those opportunities early and seize the opportunities. And so it really is a commercial execution story.
David C. Dvorak: Okay, Matt. Sure. I think that what you see, even in these challenging economic times, is that demand is still out there at the patient level, right? And so we've seen some ups and downs in the last 3 years across different geographies as national health care systems or unemployment and access to private insurance regulate the ability for patients that are in need, because they're in the advanced stage of osteoarthritis for a joint replacement to get access to that care. But the thing that doesn't change is the aging population and the fundamental need, and frankly, trust in these solutions. So this particular quarter, that is Q2, it's pretty apparent that the U.S. large joint market stepped up sequentially from Q1. And we noted the improvement on the Knee side in Q1 sequentially off of Q4 of 2011 when we spoke last quarter. At the same time, though, it looks like, to us, the o U.S. markets, not our performance, but the markets, stepped down. So I think that, that's what happened -- is o U.S. stepped down a bit, U.S. stepped up a bit and ends up being sort of a wash. I think that's what we should expect to see is that different points in time across the global marketplace, there are going to be some recovery periods, and then there could be some retreats from those recoveries, because we're continuing to operate in a pretty unstable economic period. As far as the long-term growth prospects, again, I think that this is a 3% to 5% procedure growth market on a more normalized basis. And those numbers are really just driven by the aging patient population. So -- I think that it's going to continue to be a market with some ups and downs, but it's going to wash out across the global market. The opportunity is out there, and at some point in the future, you know the world better than we do on the economic side. There will be a stabilization, and we'll get back to a more consistent, normalized procedural growth rate.
David C. Dvorak: This is technology that we worked a long time to develop. And we do believe that the Kinectiv Technology is unique in its ability to perform well as a modular neck solution. So some of the areas, features, differentiators that we believe people ought to focus on are in the context of the Kinectiv System. The necks are titanium and are only used on titanium stems. These necks also have specific unique design features that reduce stresses and lower the likelihood of fracture. These are also systems that have been tested under standards that we've used for a long time, and those standards, we believe are very clinically relevant, and frankly more stringent than the ASTM or ISO requirements. There's a proprietary surface treatment that we think is beneficial to the effects on strength, as well as biological interaction. And then design -- and the design and testing of that system going back a number of years, we drew a line and made sure that extreme sizes were not developed into that system, because we weren't comfortable that at some extreme level the stresses wouldn't compromise the performance of the system. So we think that this is a project that long ago we got right. And in fact, we documented a lot of this clinical work in a white paper that was authored, I don't know, 5-or-so years ago and republished more recently. And that is a paper that's available on our website, and it's entitled Performance Evaluation of Kinectiv Technology. That's where you can find the information on the website. So we've seen good performance with this system, believe in the technology, think we got the design and the development right. Obviously, with any of these systems, we're going to be very active about monitoring the continued performance. But at this point in time, we continue to trust in the performance and clinical efficacy of the system.
David C. Dvorak: I think you're at a -- on a global basis, probably at the low end of a range of what normalized growth rate would look like. I think that the opportunity, dependent upon where different companies are and product release cycles, is mix on top of that. And that's going to be dependent in the coming years as to how good of a job all the companies in this space do with respect to innovation and ensuring that we're providing better patient solutions and yet addressing some of the cost pressures that the customers are going to continue to be under as more and more patients come through their system and any funding mechanism whether it's national or private pay is trying to shoulder the burden of the aging population and the healthcare reform drivers that are going to come along with that. So like I said, I think it's a 3% to 5% range. I don't think that we're completely at a normalized level even for procedure rates across the globe. I think that can tick up, but I also think that there's more mix out there with the right innovation.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. It has not been cleared at this point in time, but when we talk about offerings within Extremities that are upcoming, including addressing some needs in other anatomical sites, that's part of what we're referring to. So more to come on that.
David C. Dvorak: We think we can do both. The areas that we're focused on for transformation principally start with strategic sourcing in our manufacturing operations, Chris. And there are significant opportunities in those areas. So we're going to be able to repurpose dollars through savings that are -- the flow from those transformation initiatives and continue to make the right investments in the research and development, as well as expanding our global footprint on the sales side. And I think what you'll start to see in the second half of the year is that those strategies come together, and you will see accelerated top line performance and disciplined management of SG&A at the same time as we start to get payback from some of the past investments that we've made in that regard. So right now, those transformation effort benefits are getting reinvested in those strategic growth drivers. But as Jim has said, over time, we're going to be able to drop more of those things to the bottom line in the course of that 5-year program. So we're going to be able to do both, accelerate the top line and show you better leverage in our P&L.
David C. Dvorak: No. I think that if you focus on SG&A and the guidance that Jim has already spoken to this morning, we're talking about -- at this point in time, is about 100 basis points of improvement in SG&A. And we look to continue to provide that 100 basis point benefit, while we're accelerating the growth and making the right investment to fully exploit the opportunities that we have with the new products.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. I think our growth rate within the United States was around 5.8% and in the Americas was a couple of hundred basis points lower than that. So our story in the quarter was really all o U.S., and it was a combination of softening markets, o U.S. and then some Zimmer-specific order patterns, with respect to truly independent distributors in those o U.S. markets. And so we look to correct out some of that, continue to push forward with nice growth in the United States market and do a better job in some jurisdictions o U.S.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. We're going to make sure that we have the right market strategy on the sales side there. And we think that we're well positioned with the musculoskeletal portfolio to be able to have those enterprise-wide discussions across that portfolio. It's one of the reasons that going back 1/2 dozen years, we thought that it was important to continue to invest in building out our product portfolio on the Trauma side, for instance. It's one of the reasons that we continue to do what we're doing on the Spine side even. So again, the musculoskeletal world is going to be our focus. And we feel like we're very well-positioned with our current products and the upcoming launches within our pipeline to be able to have really intelligent discussions with hospitals, systems, IDNs in the U.S.. And we're going to organize our sales structure to be able to provide those solutions with the lowest cost of care approach to those customers, so that at the same time, we're addressing patient needs in a very efficacious manner. We're also addressing those customers cost needs by bringing more value through different strategic programs that we can offer with that bundle. So I'm really optimistic about our ability to compete in that market, and I'm glad that we made the decisions that we made going back 1/2 dozen years to end up with the portfolio that we have.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. That is the correct takeaway. And you know, it will begin in the second half of this year, but then continue on and accelerate into 2013.
David C. Dvorak: There were not in Q2. And I'm glad you asked that question, because earlier, Kim had asked some specific questions for the second half of the year on selling days, and I'll come back to that. But Larry, the -- it was not a factor in our results. I think on a selling day basis, Europe was generally flat across the major markets year-over-year in Q2. Going forward, in Q3, we pick up a day or so in Europe and lose about a day in the Americas businesses, that is Q3. And then in Q4, we lose a day or so in Europe and steady-state essentially in the Americas.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Larry. Let me respond to the questions. I think that the acceleration that we're projecting in the second half of the year, sequentially from Q3 to Q4. Q4's performance, it's appropriate to think of that. It's the jump-off point going into 2013. Let us come back to you at the appropriate time and give you more specific guidance, but there's no reason in our view that the acceleration of those new products and our commercial excellence efforts won't set us up well to make the second half of this year the beginning of a stronger 2013. With respect to the new Knee system, we still are not at a point where we're talking with specificity about the benefits of that system. There are some pretty transformational elements of that broad system. I would say that it's the largest development project that this company has ever undertaken. It will be the largest launch when we get to the general launch point that the company has ever overseen and affected. So we're tremendously excited about that, but let us come back to you in future periods, when it's more appropriate to talk with specificity about the benefits of that system, Larry.
David C. Dvorak: Great. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our third quarter conference call at 8:00 a.m. on October 25, 2012. With that, I'll turn the call back to you, Christie.
Robert A. Hopkins: So 2 questions. First, on U.S. recon. Your results here were a little bit lower than I thought they were going to be in the terms of the organic constant currency gross rates, based primarily on what we saw from Biomet, J&J and Stryker. So I just wondered if you could give us a little more color on the U.S. Hip and Knee results. And do you think you're losing a little bit of share? Was there something going on in the quarter that was unique? Just flesh that out a little bit more for us.
Robert A. Hopkins: The leadership changes in the U.S., could you just -- I mean, if you're willing to provide any more detail there, that would be helpful, like when did those take place? And did you make distributor changes, or are these just individual field leadership changes? Just any more detail there would be helpful.
Robert A. Hopkins: Great. And then just Jim, can you give us a little more color on the Q3 to Q4 EPS mix? Listening to a couple of different things, I think you gave EPS guidance for Q3 that's a little bit below what's in our current model. And just if you could provide a little more detail to get us comfortable with the shifting around of earnings between Q3 and Q4.
James T. Crines: Sure. With reference to what's out there in first call. I understand the guidance, we'd give $1.10 to $1.15 for Q3 is a bit below. But frankly, if you go back over the past couple of years, it's typically the case that the analyst community understates seasonality. We have significant market share in Europe. And we have -- we see significant seasonality in the business in that particular geographic segment that leads to much higher SG&A ratios in the third quarter relative to what we're projecting for the full year that often gets kind of understated in the analyst projections, since we're not giving quarterly guidance at the begin of the year. And then the other thing I would just highlight is if you look at the guidance that we've provided throughout the year on gross margin, we hit a high-water mark in the third quarter of last year on gross margin at 75.8%. So a combination of maybe the analyst models understating seasonality and that -- the headwind on gross margin, with respect to what we're forecasting, what we have been guiding to this year, relative to what we saw in the third quarter of last year. Is what leads us to provide that more specific guidance that we provided here on this call.
James T. Crines: Yes. Without, Matt, getting into guidance for 2013, I'll share with you what we have provided publicly at this point on the restructuring and transformation programs, I think as many know, is coming into the year. We talked about an expectation that what we'll get done this year will drive about $80 million in annualized pretax savings with $30 million to $40 million of that to be realized this year. We expect those benefits to be somewhat evenly distributed between cost of goods and SG&A. The -- we've targeted $400 million by 2016, as David indicated. And as I indicated in my -- in our remarks, we're on track. We believe with what we've achieved to-date, and what we have visibility to going forward to achieve that. Those savings do build somewhat evenly over time. We've said that in the near term. And again, the $400 million of savings is calculated off of 2010 base. And we said that again, the savings would build evenly over time. In the short term, say 2011, maybe the first quarter of 2012, those savings were getting reinvested at a perhaps a higher pace than what we're likely to see going forward. Going forward, the only other thing I would mention is that we understand that we have to fully -- we're going to have to use these savings to fully offset the medical device tax in 2013. So the opportunity, if you will, to drive positive leverage in operating earnings is not going to be as great in 2013, given the fact that we're going to have to use the savings to offset the medical device tax.
James T. Crines: We don't break the Hip mix apart. We -- I think David referenced if you go back to the script, he comments with the combination of volume mix. Contributions were by franchise, so that, of course, it's data that we provide with you on the call, we'll provide in our periodic filing. What I will say is we know if you look across the franchises, the mix benefit reflected in our large joint categories is perhaps more modest than what you may be seeing relative to some of our competitors, just given where we are with some of these new product launches. That changes going forward and is one of the things that leads us to have the confidence that David expressed in the acceleration of growth in future quarters. Particularly, as we get into the launch of the new Knee System, the launch of the new Vitamin E technology in Hips.
James T. Crines: Sure. I would focus on the SG&A line, because not only is it affected by the savings that we're driving for the programs, but it's also affected in a very significant way by seasonality in the third quarter. We -- I think I gave guidance in my scripted comments on third quarter SG&A, an expectation that -- which should be somewhere in the range of 42% to 42.5% in the third quarter, which is still well below what we experienced in the third quarter of last year. I haven't given -- and then the other guidance we have provided and consistent with what we said and going back to the first quarter is that our -- we have an expectation that SG&A for the full year will come in around 40% of sales. So what we've already reported for the first half of the year, the guidance we've given for the third quarter. You can figure out what that translates into in terms of a fourth quarter expectation. I think what you'll find is, again, a significant step down in spending as a percentage of revenue relative to the prior year.
James T. Crines: Derrick, this is Jim. In actual fact, the price declines moderated somewhat in Hips, specifically the U.S. in the second quarter. That's clearly getting masked by the increased pressure with the reductions in reimbursement prices that took place in Japan on April 1. So all in all, as David said, the trends we're seeing are very consistent with our expectations coming into the year, notwithstanding the fact that the Japan price cuts were a bit more severe than we expected. But again, there were some positive developments in the second quarter, relative to the core large joint franchises.
James T. Crines: This is Jim. I would tell you that at this point, it's tough to predict what that return is going to look like 2, 3 years down the road. What I will say is we're aware of the fact that we have announced that we have a share repurchase authorization currently in place. That amounts to a total authorization of $1.5 billion and extends out through 2014. We're now paying a dividend that represents somewhere in the order of 15%, let's say, of our earnings. It's getting returned through the dividend on an annual basis. You combine the dividend with the share repurchase program, and we are already returning up to 2/3 of our net income, which really is a proxy for free cash flow to shareholders on an annual basis. We talked about how we intend to manage and run the business in a way where -- expect we're going to be able to continue to do that. Will that mix change? Somewhere down the road, it very well could. But there's a number of conversations, obviously, that would have to take place in the coming years with the board as we consider whether or not we want to change the mix as between share repurchases and a dividend. And to some degree, that may be impacted in the future by tax reform here in the U.S.. We'd want to understand how that -- what the implications of changing the mix would be on shareholders. And it's anyone's guess to how -- as to how that's going to play out in the coming years.
James T. Crines: I think that -- I don't think that this is a bolus, but I think that's going to be dependent upon what happens within the broader economic environment within the United States. I mean, if you look at it, going back, say, 3 quarters prior to Q2, it looks like it's bumping around 1% and now up to 2.5%. So it could step back to 1% or 1.5% level, depending upon what happens environmentally. I don't know that anytime soon it's going to drop below that. I think that there's probably an opportunity. And then this is dollar-growth-driven procedure that I'm talking about. There's probably opportunity for us to pick up on a dollar-growth basis, depending upon what companies are doing on innovation and mix. So I think you have to look at this as a more normalized market than the second half of 2011. But as the tone of your question included, it's tough to make a call from quarter-to-quarter.
James T. Crines: Sure. The best way to figure that -- we don't have the precise numbers in front of me. But if you look at that -- the effect of foreign currency translation on the top line, what that was, as a percentage, and take somewhere in the order of 1/2 of our total SG&A and apply that percentage. And I think you'll get a sense -- a rough sense of what impacts currency translation is having on SG&A.
James T. Crines: I would tell you, at 100 basis points, we feel very good about the progress we're making on our operational excellence initiatives. I don't know that I would tell you to model makes any increase beyond what we're currently seeing. We've talked about the target that we have in there, you get a $400 million. We've communicated that about 60% of that is expected to show up in cost of goods in the balance in SG&A. We've also acknowledged that while we're going to continue to make progress on SG&A in 2013, the step down of FDA back in the medical device tax is going to have to be more modest, just given the pressure that, that's going to put on SG&A in 2013.
James T. Crines: Sure. We talked over the past couple of years. As we were beginning to see average selling prices in the U.S. decline, we talked quite a bit about the notion that there are thousands of accounts in the U.S. hospital accounts. Many of those accounts, when we look at our price curves would acknowledge that there, in the past, there's been a fair amount of dispersion in pricing across those thousands of accounts. And when the pressure hit,we sort of disaggregated where we were seeing the pressure. It was clearly coming from any of those accounts that were at the high end of our price curves. So we we've been working through that issue over the past couple of years. At some point, as -- those accounts get -- pricing in those accounts gets more in line with our mean average selling prices. We would hope to see that pressure moderate somewhat. And in fact, that's exactly what we saw in the second quarter, specifically on Hips in the U.S., not as much on Knee.
