David Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. Zimmer's performance in 2010 was generally in line with our expectations, notwithstanding a challenging economy. Throughout the year, we made progress on a number of key initiatives that will enable us to more effectively drive sustained growth in sales, earnings and cash flow. However, we won't be satisfied until we make greater headway toward our long-term strategic goals, namely expanding Zimmer's leadership in our Reconstructive businesses, while achieving increased market share in each of the emerging businesses and geographic markets. These goals will be realized through continued financial discipline in managing the bottom line and improved performance in product development and commercial execution. Through continued focus on these fundamental strategic priorities, we expect to realize our aspirations for future growth sustained at or above market growth rates in all of our businesses.  And now I'd like to ask Christie to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: In that range, Bob. I mean, we're thinking that it's lower single digits and then if the economy comes back stronger it could rise above that. But at this point in time, I think that, that's the best assumption to build in the models.
David Dvorak: Yes, Bob, we are active obviously on the external development front, and we'll continue to be active throughout 2011. We're focused on the musculoskeletal space and so the types of deals that you saw at the end of the year are ones that you should expect in the future. And if we can find deals that make good strategic sense and can structure and price those, you could see some things that are larger than those small deals that we did at the end of the year. But those are just ongoing efforts and we'll take a disciplined approach and create value where we see the opportunities to do so.
David Dvorak: I think that we were doing all the right things throughout the year, Adam. And I think the slowdown that we saw from the first half of the year into the third quarter procedure rate-wise was a difficult environment to get as much traction as we wanted to get in launching the new products. So you could see another quarter pass, then a little bit more of a stabilized market environment. We saw nice traction in the launching of those new products and a lot of productivity coming from those launches. And so that's really what drove our performance improvement at that point in time. I don't know that it was as much driven by a pick back up in procedure rates. I think more stabilization of those procedure rates and productivity of those new introductions.
David Dvorak: Yes, at or a bit above, Mike, is I think the right way to think about it. We clearly anticipate that in some of these categories where we've had successful new product launches that began in 2010 in earnest, that we're going to be able to take market share. So we'd expect to take market share in categories like Hips and Trauma. We obviously have a bit more work to do to get to market in Knees, but we think we're well positioned with the new product introductions in the area of instrumentation to close that gap and perform well in that category as well as the year progresses.
David Dvorak: Again, these markets, the procedure rates are clearly suppressed right now with the macroeconomic conditions, Mike. But none of that is going to change the medium- and long-term prospects for these markets. You go through the demographic analysis and we believe that the strength of the baby boomer population is still out there. There aren't alternative solutions for advanced stage osteoarthritis. So across the musculoskeletal care space, you're seeing that our ability to drive reasonably decent earnings growth numbers off of a suppressed procedure rate and that rate is only going to get better if the economy stabilizes and improves over time. So the prospects within this industry are excellent going forward, and this is the world that we live in and we like the space and think that we can provide better solutions for patients and take market share in the process and create a lot of value for our stockholders as well.
David Dvorak: Absolutely. We still think that there's a lot of room for innovation. We're seeing that in our Hip business right now, getting good returns in the mix category, offsetting any price pressure that exists. We don't see that price pressure growing. We think that, that's going to be manageable going forward and so long as we're innovating in the right way, we think that we're going to be performing very well in a space that is going to be accelerating as the economy improves.
David Dvorak: Bruce, I do think that you're going to see ASPs stabilize. If you talk about pure price, I think that you're going to see those prices stabilize if the company is doing the right thing to manage through this transition period. And I think that we are doing the right things in that regard. I think that the broader price definition to include mix is going to be all about innovation and innovating in a highly relevant way, which is why you see us pushing more and more resources towards our spend in the research and development area, as well as the clinical support for those developments and those innovations. And I think if we execute our plans well, we're going to be in a nice position in an environment where ultimately you're going to see procedure rates pick back up. You're going to see pricing moderate and stabilize and then the mix opportunities are going to be there, and we're going to be back to a more normalized state for this industry.
David Dvorak: I think that where we're in a position to rollout a new product, we still think that we can offset price and then some with mix.
David Dvorak: I think within the developed markets, you need to look at those procedure rates as going from low single digits to more mid-single digits as the economies stabilize globally. The procedure rate growth within the developing or emerging markets is going to be way in excess of that because the penetration rates are so much lower at this point in time. So there's significant opportunities and it's one of the reasons that you see us making investments in those markets and really emphasizing our emerging market strategic plan and executing that plan.
David Dvorak: The Hip and Knee -- you really need to stratify those markets. In the high end of the market, there are very competitive prices. And so new technologies and cutting-edge technologies can be introduced in those markets very successfully. If you get into the middle portion of those markets, which in instances are some of the fastest-growing subsets of the markets and those price points are going to be lower and the service that's provided with the products and the technologies are going to have to be introduced in a way where you can hit that price point and maintain your margins. But we think that, that's doable. At the end of the day, the EBIT margins can be preserved so long as you have the right go-to-market strategies within that space.
David Dvorak: Sure. Clearly, it's an opportunity for our company and one of the big reasons that it's an opportunity for our company is we didn't have a large share of that market to begin with. So we just don't face the headwind that others might face in that regard. But more importantly, we feel like we have a great portfolio to address the needs of these patients. We have one of the best-performing crosslinked polyethylene products in Longevity within that category and you couple that with the new launches of Continuum Trabecular Metal Technology and some very innovative and advanced stems including the Fitmore Stem and M/L Taper with Kinectiv Technology, and those are all the reasons that we're driving market share gain within our Hip portfolio. And we think that the circumstances within the environment with respect to Metal-on-Metal are just going to expand those opportunities for us going forward. So we like our position within the Hip space.
David Dvorak: The breakout is minus 1.2% in the Americas, which is a step down from 1.6% in Q3. In Europe, plus 0.6% in price which is a step-up from flat pricing in Q3. And then in Asia Pacific, minus 3.4%, which is an increase from minus 2.9% in Q3. So again, we went from minus 1.4% globally to minus 1.0% in Q4.
David Dvorak: We're not going to provide that breakout just because there's a lot that goes into that. So we think that, that's the right range to build in for modeling purposes. But you're right, within Asia Pacific, anniversary-ing out of that significant price cut after Q1 is going to be helpful.
David Dvorak: You're right about that. And I just don't know that we saw as much of a spike in the fourth quarter as we had in some of the prior years. That increased procedure rate that has been driven, the theory behind it is that the expanded deductibles at the personal level have increased procedures in the fourth quarter. And while we continue to hear of that in an anecdotal fashion, the numbers in the aggregate just don't really bear that out in Q4. So I think that Q4 can be looked at as a little bit more of a normal state for where we are in the economic recovery broadly. And moving into the first quarter, I would expect those procedure rates to look relatively similar. You're right in the sense of the first half of the year with tougher comps and so I think everyone expects the growth rates to pick up in the second half of the year as we work through those comps because some of the things that impacted the downturn towards the end of the first half of last year, start to anniversary out including COBRA in the United States and the effects that, that extension of the program had on the marketplace. So I do think that one should anticipate an accelerating market performance in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.
David Dvorak: I don't think that, that was a material driver, Charlie. I mean, I do think that those circumstances have a bunch of collateral opportunities attached them for our business going forward. But I don't think that, that was the primary driver for our performance in Hips in Q4.
David Dvorak: It's a mix of investments, but we clearly are investing in a way where we expect a more robust pipeline to show its face as we move forward and the cadence ought to improve relative to where it's been over the last few years. Obviously, we had some really important launches in 2010 but I think what you should expect from the company going forward is just the consistent cadence of highly relevant innovations to come out of the pipeline and be difference makers within the marketplace going forward.
David Dvorak: It's both, Joanne. I mean, we've been working at this for quite some time and have sort of hit a point now where enough of the Zimmer Natural Nails are launched, coupled with very competitive plate and screw offerings that we've developed over the last several years and some unique technologies in the periprosthetic plate category as well, all of that combined as leading to a lot of traction in the marketplace. So these are innovative products that are making a difference in the field. And one of the things that's most heartening about the Trauma performance is it was truly a global effort. We saw nice growth come out of all three of our geographic segments. But the principle door opener there are the new products again, the Natural Nail and the NCB Periprosthetic Plate System.
David Dvorak: Sure, Joanne. We're doing well with the launch. We continue to ramp up and every month we grow stronger and stronger in that category, getting good clinical results. And so this is a phase that we think is going to continue to expand and become increasingly important in the future. We're in a nice position with the technology that's launched and as you point out, properly cleared.
David Dvorak: The approval that you referenced in Japan is a really important step because it validates the clinical import of Trabecular Metal technology. So we've been awarded a significant premium price position with the launch of Trabecular Metal. In this case, it's the Trabecular Metal Modular Cup System. So it'll improve our Hip performance within that market. It's going to create opportunities for us not only to improve mix but to take market share. Now of course you know how these launches work. This is a product that is just now beginning to launch and so it will take time for us to train sales representatives, to train surgeons and as the year progresses, we expect that to support our performance. Turning to your question on Montagne. This is an acquisition that in current terms is around a $10 million business. How big can that be? In the future, it's going to be a big, big market for us. It's a market that is currently about a $1 billion market that's going to double in the next three years. By virtue of this acquisition, we now have a leadership position in large joint reconstruction within that market but that market has a long ways to go in growth. So over the course of the next five, 10 years, it's going to become a very significant part of Zimmer's business. And so we're really happy to have the Montagne employee group join the Zimmer family and looking for big things out of that market going forward.
David Dvorak: That's a 2011 goal of ours. There isn't any reason we shouldn't put that business on a track to get back in a positive space and market growth levels within this fiscal year. So that's reasonable, Rich.
David Dvorak: Yes, I think that the right way to think of that in a big picture context is, if the market improved in 10s of basis points, and our performance improvement as you can see was in the range of a few hundred basis points. And in the large category, you can look at 10-, 30-basis point improvement in market numbers dependent upon how you want to adjust the competitors that have already reported out results for billing days, et cetera. And we had a 300 basis point or so improvement in some of those big categories.
David Dvorak: Yes, it's a mix of both. I mean, we're getting healthy mix out of the new product launches but I think we're also seeing procedure growth.
David Dvorak: You had some competitors over the last three to five years have introduced new Knee systems and with those systems they provided updated instrumentation sets as well. And so to the extent that there was any gap that was the gap and that was a gap that we addressed last year and those posterior referencing instruments are rolling out now. They have been for the last half of the year or so. So we're starting to see some traction with those and beyond that it is an execution game for us. But we're in a good position. We have a very comprehensive product portfolio. We have the best Knee system in the world, the NexGen, as evidenced by the registry data and revision rates. So we're in a good position to get back to market growth, and we're going to bring the right level of focus on the commercial side to ensure that, that happens in 2011.
David Dvorak: Well, you bring focus and priorities within those forces and those are both big categories. We have brought a lot of focus to getting the Knee business that was off market growth for a number of years, and it looks like it resolved that issue and so you should expect the same thing to come from us on the execution improvement side in Knees going forward, Derrick.
David Dvorak: Let me just first address correcting out that the write-off was not the Abbott Spine acquisition. That business continues to grow well for us. Combination of things led to us taking that impairment charge. But more importantly, going forward, we do think that we have the right leadership team in place. We've got a product cadence and pipeline that we're excited about for 2011 that we think is going to improve our position. This is a business that we're growing successfully OUS [outside the U.S. ] So we know we have the capability with the existing product portfolio. Some of the more unique technologies that we have within that portfolio benefit us outside the U.S. because of the regulatory barriers within the United States currently and the most profound example of that is the Dynesys System with what's happened in the last couple of years on the regulatory process within the United States. So we think we have the right pieces coming into place, a core product offering that's very competitive, a pipeline that is going to improve our position in that regard, a leadership team that's coming together and going to be a strong group I think that will drive future improvement to our performance. Beyond that, we do want to expand our critical mass in this space. So as we get those pieces together performing in an acceptable way, we'll be looking at opportunities to expand our footprint on Spine and pickup more technologies and expand our distribution footprints as well on a global basis.
David Dvorak: Well, fundamentally, that's not something that we're seeing and we think that the innovations are a big part of the answer to that. We're going to continue to improve the solutions that we provide and comprehensive solution is just beyond features and benefits of the products, and our strategy is to position us to where we don't see any downward pressure on that side of the pricing curve and we're confident that we're going to be able to execute our plans in a way where that doesn't come to fruition. So thanks, again, everyone for joining us today and for your continued interest in Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter conference call at 8 a. m. on April 28, 2011. I'll now turn the call back to you, Christie.
James Crines: So Bob, on the restructuring and transformation initiatives. First of all, the $75 million to $80 million of charges we have projected related to those initiatives will include employee termination benefits, contract termination fees, facility closing costs and potential impairment charges for assets taken out of service fee. And the benefits from these programs, as we indicated in the release, are estimated at $100 million on an annualized basis, with $40 million to $50 million to be realized in 2010. I would tell you that we expect the benefits to be somewhat evenly distributed between cost of goods and selling, general and administrative expenses. The programs, so you understand, will affect all of our businesses in all of our geographic segments. Just to give you some flavor for what we're doing, among the initiatives there's a delayering of the organization which is designed to reduced management layers, bring our commercial and functional leaders a step or two closer to their customers, enhance communication throughout the organization and achieve tighter alignment on strategic priorities. With this program, we expect our operational execution to improve as managers with greater spans of control are in a better position to leverage the company's resources. Other initiatives include a consolidation of sourcing activities across all categories of spend and with the recent recruitment of new talent to the organization, with expertise in the areas of sourcing and based on some pilot work completed in 2010, we believe we can drive significant savings by centralizing our global sourcing activities. So hopefully that gives you some idea of what we have in mind.
James Crines: I would tell you this. We're farthest along with the delayering initiative, and that is something that we expect to be completed in the first quarter. So we'll be able to provide more specific information as the programs are implemented.
James Crines: Sure. So Adam, first of all, on gross margin, our guidance for gross margin for 2011 reflects some headwind from anticipated hedge losses, as well as some pressure on volumes as we anniversary out the large pipeline inventory builds that occurred in 2010. And we're also experiencing slower procedure growth relative to historical norms. And finally, we are engaged in ongoing efforts to drive our field-based operations toward greater efficiency in the management of our working capital. And in that respect, we do expect to suffer some temporary inefficiencies in manufacturing as we burn off excess inventory in the field. As far as getting further down into the P&L, our guidance implies a modest amount of leverage at the operating profit line in spite of some temporary headwinds on gross margin. In 2011, we are planning to invest some but not all of the savings from the restructuring and transformation initiatives into product development and clinical programs. And the increased investments in R&D are certainly going to help us strengthen our leadership position in our core Reconstructive business, increase share in emerging businesses and markets and put us in a position to, as David talked about, deliver sustained growth in revenues, earnings and cash flow. Beyond 2011, assuming we grow revenues at or above market, opportunity for leverage will be enhanced. We expect to anniversary out of the gross margin headwinds and realize the full annualized benefits from the restructuring and transformation initiatives. And then finally for 2011, keep in mind that we have also guided lower interest expense and a reduction of over 4% in a projected average share count compared with 2010.
James Crines: To answer the first question, Mike, we can always do more and whether or not we do more will depend in part on our ability to access that cash. We generate a lot of cash, as you know, outside the U.S. In some cases, that cash -- our intent is to reinvest that cash in the business outside the U.S. and have no intent to have that repatriated to the U.S., which is what we would have to do to deploy it towards share repurchases. So that's certainly something we take into account in arriving at we think -- at what we believe is a very appropriate and still reasonably aggressive share repurchase program at the $500 million level.
James Crines: Sure. And understand that we measure changes at an SKU level and report that out publicly and we have done that historically, unlike some of our peers who sometimes combine discussions around price with mix. And in the U.S. market and in certain cases, this is also true outside the U.S., pricing decisions are generally made at a local level subject to guidelines and reviewed by a corporate contract management group. And when we look at contract prices for our end plants across all of our hospital accounts in the U.S. as an example, we know there is and there has historically been some variability, just given the fact that these pricing decisions again are being made at a local level. Now we're not going to answer questions as to just how much variability exists, since the metric is something that's constantly changing and it's very dynamic, particularly in this environment. But just to give you an idea, we have looked at prices for a number of our Hip and Knee devices over the last two years. And in some cases, and this is illustrative so keep that in mind, looking back to 2008, we had somewhere in the order of say 20% of our accounts at price points above a median price point and we roll those analyses forward to 2010, so generally more than half of those accounts have been migrated to a lower price point on the curve. So we know that's something that will continue through 2011, but as our price curves are narrowing to the point where this is something that we can see abating as we get beyond 2011.
James Crines: We have. So we indicated, Joanne, in the release we're expecting to generate $100 million in savings on an annualized basis. And in 2011, just given the timing of these initiatives, expect that we'll realize $40 million to $50 million of those benefits in 2011. And that is reflected in our guidance.
