David C. Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. Continued above-market performances in a number of international markets and emerging businesses supported year-over-year sales growth in the third quarter. A substantial amount of this growth was attributable to the new product introductions in existing and adjacent categories across the portfolio. Going forward, we remain on track to increase value for stockholders through the ongoing commercialization of innovative new products, continued progress in our operational excellence programs and disciplined capital deployment. And now, I'd like to ask Regina to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Matt. What we're doing is revising the guidance for the year in accordance with what we've seen in the market really through the third quarter, which -- there is some slowdown within the market that's apparent in the large joint side, probably at least 0.5 point, maybe a bit more than that on a global basis. And then in addition to that, just refining our view as we get further along with these product launches is to what the uptick is going to be. So it is a broad range understandably when you frame out the math the way that you do on the downside, but we're being conservative, and we think appropriately conservative relative to the timing and the ramp-up of those products that are being introduced. And the largest of those is the PERSONA knee system. We are about to move forward with the broader release of that system, but we want to get that broad introduction just right at the point of launch. And as a consequence of that timing, any instance that we have to take competitive business, those customers are going to be more interested in moving directly to the PERSONA system than the likelihood of them moving through 2 transitions of knee systems. And so there's a bit of a lull until we move forward, but again, we are absolutely confident that all of these product launches are going to lead to accelerated revenue, and we're being conservative as to our views on the Q4 guidance.
David C. Dvorak: That's exactly right. We absolutely are confident that we're going to see accelerated top line growth, and that may begin in Q4, but we want to be conservative in managing expectations as to when we're going to find that traction point. But it's going to happen, if not in Q4, as we get into 2013.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think, Bruce, you're right. We had categories that performed very well within the Americas. We had super performance in Surgical. We had a good performance in Hips, as you point out, within the Americas. More work to do in Knees. But again, as I was just explaining to Matt, Bruce, some of this is a bit of a lull before we move forward with what will be the biggest system launch in the company's history. And we're trying to get those details buttoned down just right and launch that system with absolute precision. So that's going to create that kind of a lull. I think we're weeks or maybe a couple of months away from seeing the traction of that new knee system, and that combined with the effort that we have undergoing to improve our commercial execution in the United States is going to put us in a really good place in the coming quarters.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Bruce. I think on the first question or the first subject, I think we are making progress on the sales force side, but I would tell you that with the portfolio that we have and the products that we're rolling out, there's a lot more opportunity. I think if within our own world you want to score out a performance at a level that is consistent with our expectations, the Europe, Middle East and Africa performance is the one to highlight. They're in almost every product category and almost every country we're in a share-take position. And that's what we're going to strive to in all of our geographic segments. So while we're seeing some improvement in certain areas within the Americas in certain product categories, that needs to be consistent and across the board, and we're going to keep striving until you start to see some of the numbers in the Americas that you're seeing in EMEA relative to market growth rates. The second question on PERSONA, I would tell you that in due time, Bruce, we're going to come back to you and get much, much more granular about the benefits of that system. We're excited about it, but we're going to be disciplined about how we roll that out and how we make the disclosures around the benefits of the system. So bear with us a bit longer.
David C. Dvorak: I don't think it's going to take us long. There -- it's a territory-by-territory management matter, and that's no different than anywhere else in the world for us. And so we have many territories that are performing very well. And obviously, when you look at that with the same bag of products competing against the same companies, you're looking for that performance to be brought up in areas that are underperforming, relatively speaking. And so that's the work that we're doing. And in instances it requires more investment and instances it requires leadership changes within those territories -- but I think our effort is well underway, and you can see that positive result with some of the product category results that we're delivering at this point in time. More work to do, but that effort that is ongoing along with these product launches are going to come together nicely as we get into 2013. So I think from a timing perspective, you should expect us to put together sequential improvement as we get into 2013. And we're going to keep striving away to try to put numbers on the board again that look like the EMEA performance in this quarter within the Americas. Those are our expectations.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, please let us do that in the next quarterly call as we give you guidance. I would tell you that the baseline would be the kind of numbers that we're putting on the board at this point in time, and we ought to be accelerating up. And if you take what we were providing in the prior quarter guidance as far as the second half and the ramp-up, I think it's fair to push that out a quarter or 2 and expect us to step up 100 plus basis points from that level. But we're going to frame that out for you much more specifically as we provide you with 2013 guidance.
David C. Dvorak: I absolutely believe that in the first quarter of 2013, you're going to see the Americas business improve its performance. And I think that it'll continue to improve its performance sequentially throughout 2013, both by virtue of the commercial improvement efforts that we have undergoing that is to improve our execution within the Americas on the sales side, as well as the ramp-up of the product launches that we've been talking about.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that from our perspective, it's a story of stabilization. We've seen very consistent trends in this regard throughout the full year as is evidenced by the fact that we've been within 10 basis points, that's the range, every quarter this year on a consolidated basis for pricing. So I understand the tone is maybe a hint at a more positive environment coming from some of the other competitive calls as they reported out their third quarter results. What we're seeing is stability rather than a reversal of those trends. And I think that in light of that, to carry that through into a belief that perhaps the med device tax is going to be capable of being passed on to customers, that probably is a bit of a leap forward in the pricing context for us at this point in time.
David C. Dvorak: That's a good question. We're very excited about this new product launch, obviously. This is a space that, frankly, is an area that is in need of a better solution, the standard of care being fusion. So the Total Ankle replacement system that we developed incorporates Trabecular Metal Technology. We're very excited about it. And furthermore, the surgical approach with a novel lateral approach is something that we think can be a real difference maker as well. So this is going to be one that we're very methodical at the launch of this system. The training on the technique is crucial. So it'll be a slow walk, a methodical process to get it just right as well. And as a consequence, any need to develop more focus or specialization within the sales force, Derrick, would be layered in as that product launches out. But it really will be the centerpiece and anchor to the beginnings of our lower extremity offering in that space that we look to expand as we broaden our extremities franchise as a whole.
David C. Dvorak: I think I got the gist of your question, Matt. So let me give you a little bit of perspective. Obviously, it's more difficult for us to give you better insights into the smaller product categories within our portfolio. We, just by virtue of the size of the business and the market share, can probably offer a bit of color in the large joint side. And that's a market that looks to us as though it slowed down sequentially from Q2 to Q3 by something like 0.5 point. And we believe that it was more profound in the case of knees within the United States. We believe that, that slowdown was probably more profound in the case of hips in the o-U.S. market.
David C. Dvorak: No. You get all sorts of anecdotal explanations as to what's happened. And I think that there's no doubt that those summer months, people can speculate about the seasonality and whether or not that's changing. That's really difficult, and you get into a month or 2 of that. And you just need more time to examine whether or not there's a trend to be determined. So I think you just have to get deeper into the fourth quarter to better understand whether or not that's a procedural slowdown that is a blip or a bit longer in its duration. It's part of the reason that we're being conservative about the top line guidance for Q4. I don't think that there's anything fundamental about that in the sense that it's going to be a prolonged period or that this is a sign that the market is changing. I don't believe that at all. And then you can see some specific slowdowns in particular countries within a jurisdiction like our EMEA business. But again in EMEA, we're outperforming the market in a significant enough way to where that isn't affecting our results.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. So it's incremental cost in the procedure, but the fundamental benefit of the eLIBRA system is it informs the surgeon when they're making their primary cuts, their initial bone cuts both on the femoral and the tibia side as to what that's going to get them by way of soft tissue balancing before they do their AP cuts. So whereas other systems sort of inform the surgeon after they've made all their bone cuts as to what they need to do with regard to soft tissue releases, the eLIBRA system allows the surgeon to have the information while they're in the bone -- the primary bone-cut phase of the procedure. It's integrated into their natural sequence and procedural algorithm. And the feedback information, because it's a sensor technology, allows them to get the bone cuts just right and mitigate the chance that they're going to come to the end of the procedure and have to do soft tissue releases. So when trained up and used properly, this can not only be a system that provides a better answer for the patient, a more natural-feeling knee because the soft tissue balancing is optimized, but it also can be integrated in a way where the surgeon is getting feedback at a point in time where they can become more efficient and avoid re-dos, avoid tweaking the soft tissue with releases at the end of the procedure.
David C. Dvorak: We are executing a plan that was developed several years ago in China, Kristen. It's a market that we're very focused on. We've had a terrific distribution channel team over there for years and years and then augmented that with the acquisition of Beijing Montagne almost 3 years ago now. And so I think that we have the building blocks of what we want to do at least on the large joint side within China, but it's a market that we're going to continue to make investments in both on the distribution channel and product side and likely as well on the operations side going forward. And we're growing that business at a very attractive rate at this point.
David C. Dvorak: The answer to your first question is absolutely, and the answer to your second question is absolutely.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. They were very strong, and that team deserves all the credit for generating those results. If you look at the last many quarters, they put terrific numbers on the board. And if you go back a couple of years, all of us were having discussions about what a drag the European business might be to our overall results, anyone within this industry. And that's a commercial team that is finding a way to get to the growth, and where there are natural opportunities because of the market growth rates, they're financed through share gain. So they're doing a terrific job. I would tell you that I have absolute confidence that they're going to be able to continue to grow above market rates. I think that this quarter is a pretty extraordinary accomplishment. I'm not sure that, that level of above-market growth rate is reasonable to expect every quarter. But with the momentum that they have, they're going to continue to do well relative to the market. Some of the ramifications or practicalities of that extraordinary result that they produced in the third quarter is a reason that we're a little bit cautious about our guidance in Q4 in the sense that you're asking them a lot to keep stringing those kinds of quarters together. But we're going to do very well in that European business for the coming quarters and years in my view.
David C. Dvorak: It's pretty close to a wash, Michael, on billing days in Q3. I mean, you're right, you lose a day in the Americas, pick up a day in Europe, pick up a bit more than a day in Asia-Pacific. And so the math works out to be essentially a wash within the quarter. And then looking at Q4, Americas is even year-over-year. We pick up part of a day when you average it all out in Asia-Pacific, but we lose 2 days in Europe in Q4, which impacts the growth rates sequentially there.
David C. Dvorak: That's a good question. We've been pleased with the uptake of PSI for our ZUK product. And we're looking to further develop the application of our intelligent instruments within the Uni space because we think it can be a difference maker. That, in our view, is an underpenetrated market, and in some of the medical training education as well as the intelligent instruments can be a difference maker in allowing more surgeons to take advantage of that solution where the appropriate or the patient presents in an appropriate way. So I would tell you that the uptake of PSI in the context of ZUK has been faster than it was in primaries as a percentage of total procedures that we're involved in. And I think that, that'll be a place where the -- again the total package of technologies within intelligent instruments will be a difference maker going forward.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. In round numbers, it's a $10 million business at this point in time. And obviously, that's not the point of the acquisition for us. This rounds out our surgical portfolio, puts us in a very competitive position. It's good technology. That's another market that is underpenetrated in the sense that the standard operating procedure within the hospital systems is to red-bag the fluid waste that is developed through these procedures. And so we think that there's a lot of upside within that space. We have a much, much more comprehensive portfolio now than we did a couple of years ago. And so we're looking for big things from that division going forward. So I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our fourth quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on January 31, 2013. I'll turn the call back to you, Regina.
James T. Crines: Sure, Kim. And we had -- prior to sort of understanding how more precisely the tax would need to be accounted for and we've done some research on this and have gotten technical sort of literature out of the independent accounting firms that tells us that, in our case, as I said, where we -- our first sale of devices is from -- happens within our consolidated group between the manufacturing entity and a distribution entity. The tax is assessed at that point. And as a consequence, the tax initially will be capitalized. We'll be paying tax from the first of the year, but it initially will get capitalized as an inventoriable cost. And if we assume at this stage, and we have more work to do, admittedly, that our inventory turns 2 times a year, what we were estimating before in the order of $40 million to $50 million of expense for the full year, half of that gets deferred. It just gets pushed out 6 months. So at this point -- and as I said we have a bit more work to do, at this point, we'd be estimating an expense that would be roughly half of our prior estimate and then building up to the $40 million to $50 million of expense when we get into 2014. And having it sort of continue to run at that rate off of and growing at in line with sales growth for our U.S. business.
James T. Crines: Let me -- I would just sort of to reflect back on what we communicated earlier this year in the context of our value creation framework, David, where we indicated in an environment where we see an opportunity for top line growth in low to mid-single digits, we're committed to run the business in a way where we deliver somewhere in the order of 8% to 12% growth in earnings per share. We've communicated that with respect to 2013 and EBIT leverage, it gets a bit more challenging to drive the kind of leverage you're seeing this year as we face into the medical device excise tax, which as we -- you know goes into effect in 2013. Now having said that, we now understand that, that tax is not going to be -- that expense is not going to be quite as significant as we -- as the $40 million to $50 million that I referenced in 2013. So that perhaps is going to provide us with some opportunity to invest in 2013 a bit more aggressively, whether it's in the sales channel or product development. But as we develop our operating plans for 2013, we sort of start with an objective that is aligned with those value-creation objectives that I mentioned.
James T. Crines: Sure. Kristen, it's not that we have independent distributors. It's that within our consolidated group of companies, we sell from a manufacturing entity to a wholly owned distribution entity. We -- it's a structure we've had in place for many years reinforced frankly by the transformation initiatives that we're executing on where we have as, you may know, established a distribution hub for the U.S. market near Memphis. So it's really that the -- the inventory that leaves the manufacturing entity and is sold really through an affiliated company to the distribution entity is the point at which that tax is getting assessed under the statute. And it's really that, the fact that our supply chain is set up that way that leads us to account for the tax expense as a cost of goods. And this is very consistent with the way in which the excise tax that was imposed in Puerto Rico a couple of years ago was accounted for as well. It's a manufacturer's tax, which is why it ends up being accounted for as an inventory cost.
James T. Crines: That's right. And I'd be surprised if we were the only company that has the supply chain set up in that way.
James T. Crines: Sure. So coming into the year, we had talked about the actions that we would be able to get completed this year would generate $80 million of savings on an annualized pretax basis with an expectation that we would realize $30 million to $40 million of that in 2012. We communicated on last quarter's call that the programs are on track. I would tell you they're still, they remain on track. And when you take that $80 million that is generated out of this year's actions and add that on top of the savings that were derived or realized from the actions we took in 2011, we come out of 2012 at a run rate of $130 million to $140 million in total. Now admittedly, some of those savings are being reinvested in the business in the short term, as you know, to accelerate our certain technology and product development programs, a number of which we've touched on, on this call, also to cover some of the short-term dilution that comes with acquisitions. We've done a number of admittedly small but -- acquisitions, but typically, there is some dilution that comes with those acquisitions in the short term. And also continue to build out the channels in our emerging markets and support some of the other investments that we're making in those emerging markets. So that -- the extent to which we need to reinvest those savings is something that we look at in some detail as we go through the operating -- development of our operating plans. We haven't completed that yet for 2013, but we'll have decisions to make around how much of the $130 million to $140 million we can reinvest and how much needs to be dropped through to the bottom line to deliver on the goals that we have with respect to earnings growth. And we are still targeting $400 million in total by 2016 and are on track to hit that target.
