Bryan Hanson: All right. Great. Thanks, Carrie, and thanks to everyone for joining us for our call this morning. As we're all aware, obviously, given the news recently, COVID is still very much with us, and we're watching it very closely, as you can imagine. But given that, even we've seen some real progress since our last call, and I think that's obvious to everybody. The world has not returned to normalcy yet, but travel is returning. We have more team members in our offices, and I am personally looking forward to attending the AAOS meeting in about a month in San Diego. So really looking forward to that meeting. We have a lot of great technology that we're going to be able to showcase there and just really happy it's going to be a person again, finally. I want to thank, in that same vein, thank our team again for their dedication to safety, and really just across the board, their commitment to making all of our ZB manufacturing facilities and offices as safe as we possibly can. You, our team members are the driving force for this progress that we've seen in our own facilities and certainly in our communities as well. Also, I want to say that I hope in our investor community that you're continuing to stay safe and have been hopefully able to travel over the last few months to see family and friends. This is an opportunity for us to take advantage of some travel as we begin to turn to more of a normal environment, of course, not there yet, and we know this isn't happening consistently anyway in all regions. But overall, we are encouraged and we're doing our part to keep this moving forward. And every single day, we are supporting our customers and patients that they serve. We're doing this safely, obviously, but this is a big focus for us as a mission-driven organization to be there for our customers so they can complete the procedures that they have, and we can make sure that the patients receive the care that they deserve. And with that, I think it's a good lead into our Q2 call. Today, I'm just going to spend here in the beginning, just a few minutes on a couple of quick remarks, and then I'm going to turn it over to Suky, who's going to get right into a deeper view of our Q2 results. And I think most importantly, our 2021 guidance view on a go-forward basis. And then I'll come back to close out the call with some updates on our active portfolio management and product and pipeline highlights. I'll wait to do that after he provides the guidance information. So just to set him up a little bit, overall, let me just say that our performance in the quarter improved meaningfully from the first quarter of this year, and that was pretty much across all regions and product categories. And as recovery from the global pandemic continued to take hold, we saw that recovery in our procedure is also moving in the right direction. While we certainly anticipate some ongoing COVID pressure, we currently think it's going to be manageable by hospitals, and we expect that the recovery will continue to build sequentially throughout the second half of 2021. Again, not out of the wood yet, but we do believe, thanks to the hospital's ability to better manage these COVID patients and the vaccine rollout continuing, we believe it will be manageable through the back half of the year, again, moving in the right direction. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Suky for our financial update, and then I'll be back with you in a few minutes to close out the call before the Q&A.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. No problem, Josh. Let me start maybe with the second part of your question because I would say beyond sensors, just what we define as ZB edge, which is the interconnected technologies that actually do full data for the patient journey. We really do believe that those technologies, including robotics, sensors in the body, mymobility, OrthoIntel, so on and so forth, will absolutely bend the curve when it comes to growth rate in knees and hips in other areas as well because we would proliferate those beyond just knees and hips. So just I do believe that, that technology, which is being absorbed by the folks in orthopedics right now does provide us an opportunity to enhance our growth rate as an organization for two reasons: one, because I do believe that we can get that share of wallet benefit or mix benefit for procedure; and two, I really do believe it sets us up to take share from the competition because it's unique to us. So yes, on the second question, I see that as being able to enhance our growth rate. When I think about the share, I'm pretty focused on this, as you would imagine. This is something that in a turbulent market, we got to pay attention to it. And when I think about the last five quarters that we've seen we just had abnormally large spreads between the top and the bottom player in large joints. This speaks to just a very turbulent market that we're experiencing because of COVID. And inside of this, I'm ultra focused on share gains or losses because it's the very thing that would tell us whether we're performing well versus our competition because the market itself is difficult to understand. And I'm focused on this in regular times, but I'm ultra focused on it during turbulent times. And that said, in a normal market, I try not to get too excited or depleted based on any individual quarter performance. There's just too many variables inside of an individual quarter, particularly now. But what I do is to take a look at a rolling four quarters, and that's the way we do it every time we see results out. When I think about the rolling four quarters, particularly prior to Q2, we definitely took share in our large joint market. We didn't beat every competitor every quarter, but every quarter over the four quarters preceding Q2, we were ahead of market in both knees and hips. And that obviously gives us confidence as we move forward. So I really try to look at it with the data that's provided from the major companies that is public to all of us, and I just track that over a four quarter rolling period to determine whether we are we're not taking share. And I do believe that even though it's been positive for us over those five quarters, I do believe the technology that we're launching is going to enhance that going forward.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the ROSA throughput. And as you probably remember, we spent a lot of time thinking about the design characteristics of ROSA is one of the primary things we want to focus on is to make sure that we did not disrupt the surgical flow and certainly did not want to add time to the surgical procedure. And that has benefited us. There's no question. I mean, to me, it wouldn't matter whether we're in a COVID environment or a non-COVID environment. That is something that our surgeons are pursuing. And they very much appreciate the fact that it's not disrupting their flow, and it's not dramatically increasing any the times to do procedures. So that is a benefit for us for sure. And again, I don't think it really matters whether you're in a COVID environment or not, that's just a benefit. One of the things relative to share gains that you talked about and our view on backlog, I don't know that our outlook and what we've described is really any different than anyone else who plays in large joints like us with such a significant share position. It seems pretty consistent with -- to me anyway. If I think about the deferred patients, I'd just say that like most people at this point, that just becomes more challenging now as time continues to be added to the equation. It's just unprecedented right now that what we're dealing with, just given how long this has gone on. And there are just too many variables in my view, just to really size this appropriately, and I think anyone would probably say this now. But that said, we still believe that there's been no structural shift in the disease state. That's what we've been saying all along. And as a result of that, there's got to be a sizable deferred patient population out there. And when we originally analyzed what we thought would happen with that deferred population, we looked at Q3 of last year. And we assume that when -- based on what we saw in Q3, that when the vaccine was available, you would have a pretty significant return of deferred patients relatively quickly. And again, that's what we saw in parts of Q3 last year when the virus was subsiding. So we just assumed that would happen this year. Now fast forward today, the vaccine is here, and we've got more current data and more data points that are playing out right now. And this doesn't seem to be materializing for anybody. And as such, our current thinking is that deferred patient demand will like become at a more gradual pace and probably be more consistent over a longer-term period of time as a result. I think that's really what we're contemplating by the way. When you think about the midpoint of the revenue range that we just provided, the implied range for the back half of the year, but actually at the top of that range, as I think most people would say, we would need to see a change in the current pacing of that recovery. So in other words, you'd have to see it reflect an increase in deferred patient demand that would also be matched by capacity increases to get to that top end of the range.
Bryan Hanson: Sure. So maybe I'll start with the backlog just because it's maybe a simpler answer. I just -- I don't want to try to size it because I think it's gone on too long. And as I said before, I just don't know how you look at this unprecedented situation and try to put a size to it. All I would say is that based on our assumption of no structural change in the disease data, it's got to be big. I'll just -- I'll leave it at that, but I don't want to try to size it. And yes, my current thinking is based on the data points that are available to us, is that it's likely going to be a slower role with that deferred patient group coming in. And that would indicate that this should take a while for us to work through it. That could change at any time, but that's the data points that we have right now. Relative to iQ, I'm glad that you're hearing there's pent-up demand because certainly, we're feeling that as well, and we're getting excited about the launch, the pending launch. And we still obviously cannot market the technology because we don't have FDA approval, but we do believe that, that should be coming soon. And yes, we're excited about it, but you do not actually need to have the full ZB edge infrastructure to take advantage of it. What we would like to see people do is to have mymobility and the Persona iQ combined because we believe the combination of the data collection between those 2 is extremely beneficial, but you don't really even need that. But that would be the goal for us to have that move in concert and be able to have the mymobility in concert with the iQ implant. And we do feel that all the components are there for remote patient monitoring. That's the whole idea behind this. Through mymobility, through iQ is to be able to remote patient monitor. And as a result of that input provided, be able to make decisions on what you do or don't want to do with the patient. And so we believe that we have what would be required for a surgeon to get a reimbursement for RPM. That's the way we're looking at it today. At the end of the day, that's not our decision on whether it happens or not, but we do believe we have the components to make that available to surgeons.
Bryan Hanson: Great. So I'll go ahead and start with the ROSA question, and then Suky, I'll pass it off to you. I would just say that, yes, again, we're excited about the traction we're seeing. And as the way I look at this, it's not just the traction that we're seeing with ROSA, I'm excited because there seems to be a significant openness in orthopedics for technology. And that's really important, I think, for two major reasons. One, because I truly do believe the technology is going to change the care paradigm for patients. You're going to get better outcomes as a result of it. And when you have that happening, I believe more patients will enter the funnel because they're going to have higher confidence in the procedure. Remember, there's still 20% of me patients that are not happy with the outcome. And if we can reduce that through technology, I believe you've got patients sitting on the side that would enter the funnel, which is good for everybody, patient included. So I'm very happy to see momentum in ROSA, but I'm even happier to see technology adoption in orthopaedics overall. And when we think about our placements, it's interesting because we focus in two major areas. We spend most of our time in platinum accounts and gold accounts. And both of those would just be very large accounts. The difference between the 2 would be platinum. We have a higher share position. And in gold, we have a lower share position. But those are the two areas that we concentrate mostly with ZB edge and ROSA. Now what's interesting about that though is even when we go into that platinum account, it's very rare that we would have a homogeneous new usage in the account. So even when we get a platinum customer that is using us in knee, to move into ROSA, we typically get competitive conversions to ROSA because you have competitive surgeons in those accounts. And of course, in gold accounts, you get the same thing. So it's almost every placement that we have very rarely otherwise, provides an opportunity for us to get a competitive conversion. And hopefully, that helps with the way we're thinking about ROSA.
Bryan Hanson: Suky, let me just add some color to that. I just -- when I think about what Suky just referenced that we've got a pretty significant assumption in our guidance range that says COVID pressure doesn't get worse and the recovery builds through the second half. But we didn't just assume that. There are some proof points that we're seeing, and that might speak to your question, Larry, maybe a little more. There's really kind of two things that we're seeing that would give us confidence in that assumption. And the first one is that even with the recent virus surges that are all over the news, I mean, you can't look at the news any time during the day and not see something about the virus surge, but it doesn't seem to be translating into the same significant revenue disruption that we've seen in the past and certainly not helping us, but it's not translating into that same kind of revenue disruption we've seen in the past. So -- and I believe that's likely because we've got more vaccines out there, obviously, which is impacting the way people feel when they get sick. But also, I just think that hospitals seem to be managing this patient population better. And the second kind of proof point for us when we thought about this as an assumption inside the guidance range, is that the vaccine is available. I mean let's face it. It's available globally anywhere. Anybody who wants it can get it. And I truly do believe even though it stalled a bit in certain parts of the world, I do believe as people get more educated on the Delta variant and the risk associated with that. That may be a good motivator for people to come in that have been waiting to actually get the vaccine. And so those are kind of the proof points that we have that give us confidence that we should see the continued recovery in the back half.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So maybe Suky, why don't I take a shot at the ROSA piece and then I'll pass it to you on VBP impact. But on the ROSA side, I probably don't want to speak specifically to the dollar amount, but obviously, it was a big enough shift for us to talk about it. So that might help you kind of size it in your mind. But what I would tell you is that the way I think about it, is in a normal quarter, what we would typically see is better than 50% of our placements being done through a long-term contract, which is -- we actually like that because it does link us to the customer, and it usually has a competitive pull-through commitment as a result of that arrangement. And in this quarter, we just saw that flip. The higher than 50% move to upfront purchases which is different than what we've seen in the past. What I don't know for sure is that that's going to continue. I mean clearly, there were budgets that were available to people, they flexed those budgets that could continue. Hey, I'm happy either way we place ROSA. We're going to be very flexible with our customers as we go forward and make sure that we're there to support them. Our preference, as I've said in the past, is those long-term contracts, but I'll take an upfront sale as well. So hopefully, that helps on the ROSA side and then Suky, I'll pass it to you on the VBP impact.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, that's one of the highlights that I saw in the quarter. Clearly, we are heavily penetrated when we think about our overall revenue in large joints. And as I think everybody has been saying and recognizing large joints have just been a little slower to recover than some of the other categories that we have. And what I've been very happy to see is our strength in said, and we believe that, that's going to continue through the back half of the year, pretty across the board, we showed good performance. Standouts for us were sports, the upper extremities business for sure was solid, trauma was solid for us. And of course, when we look at our CMFT business, our thoracic business was quite strong as well. So we're excited to see that the tuck-in acquisition that we did in CMFT is playing out the way we expected. And then some of the acquisitions that we did that were really just product launches, filling out gaps that we had in sports and also in the ASC, they're also providing benefits right now. And that was the whole idea, right, to fill out that product portfolio. As a result of that, have a fight and have a right to fight and win. And that's playing out right now. So we're feeling good about the strength in S.E.T, probably have more confidence now in that being able to continue on a go-forward basis just given what we have in the portfolio. So very happy to see that strength in S.E.T, and we would expect that to continue.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, sure. Really, no dramatic shift. I mean even if I think about U.S., OUS, for instance, we typically do, it's not always exactly this way, but if I look at the number of quarters and just kind of aggregate them, we typically do kind of a 70-30 split U.S., OUS, and that was pretty consistent in this quarter. For us, again, we did see that shift. We believe that it's mainly because people have more budget right now on the capital side. I don't see a shift in our customer base that drove it. So nothing that just stands out for me. It's just more that there was capital available. People like to flex the capital when they have it. And some customers just don't want the long-term contractual obligation, bringing a piece of capital in, they'd just rather buy it. And so I think that's really the corporate, there's nothing beyond that, that I've seen. Now we'll certainly pay attention to it as we go forward, but nothing that was disruptive in any way relative to mix that would have changed that change in placements.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, just going to say, and you are right, I mean the two areas where we're spending a lot of time right now when we look at targets and are pulling that bolt-in of targets, it would be around enabling technology. A great example of that is what we did with Canary in that relationship that's been created, and that's going to then obviously spin out IQ for knee, but also sensors and other areas and body as well. And then we'd be looking at near adjacencies very much like what you've seen recently from us in sports to ASC, thoracic areas that we feel confident we have a right to win. They are accretive to our overall weighted average market growth and they're profitable. Those are the things that we're looking at today. And as Suky said, the firepower opens up and we'll begin to flex that firepower in those areas.
Bryan Hanson: Can you hear me okay? What I would tell you is that the -- that's kind of the beauty of the situation why my confidence is high that we're going to continue to see share gains as we have over the last four quarters spot. That's because we just have so many shots on goal. If you think about knee in particular, we already have ROSA out, and that's getting great traction ROSA Partial was just launched. Persona revision has been out for a while, but the momentum is still very strong. And there is that spin-off opportunity to get the typical total knee. You still have mymobility driving conversions. You haven't even launched Persona iQ yet. So all of these give us an opportunity to create a differentiated environment for our customer and provide the opportunity for not only that share gain or mix gain, but also competitive conversions. And specifically on revision, the reason why I bring it up is typically in somebody's practice, you get about 10% of the overall revenue associated with provision, and it's more like 90% comes from your typical total knee. And many times, we use that revision as a tip of the spear to convert a surgeon that is a competitive surgeon because they love the revision system. And that gets us in the house then to try to pursue that much larger portion of the business, which is your standard knee. So that's why I keep going back to that, we have significant dollars now that we're paying attention to, where we have a revision customer that is using a competitive total knee system, and that gives us a great opportunity and kind of a hunting ground to go to, to get those conversions, but it's certainly not the only area that would give us the opportunity to take share. It's pretty much all of these.
Bryan Hanson: It's so hard to say. And that's why I was referencing before when I look at share gain or loss, I never look at and spend too much time on a specific quarter, even when things are typical. But in these crazy times, so many things can impact your performance versus the market. So again, I try not to get too worked up about any given quarter. It could be. I mean the fact is share right now in a specific part of the country for instance, can be meaningful to whether you do better or worse than the competition because that particular state or county could be challenged by COVID more than others. So there's always those things that could impact a specific quarter. That's why when I look at over a four quarter period of time that usually eliminates those hotspots. And that's why I feel more confident and more comfortable with more of that trend, which -- through that trend basically eliminates the noise, I'm going to put air quotes around the "noise" of a specific quarter. That's why I still feel confident that we're in good shape that we have all these shots on goal that we should continue to take share. But hey, I'm disappointed. I look at the quarter, I don't really care what the reason is. I want to win every single quarter and this one we didn't. But again, I'll look more at the trend and take more from that on the prediction of share taking in the future. And I would just say in a nutshell, I believe that we're going to be net share takers.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, that's a nice thing. I feel really good about our distribution. We're taking advantage of momentum in the ASC. The ASC absolutely loves the fact that we're an efficient robotic system that they're all about efficiency in the ASC. So there's been a benefit for us there for sure. We've seen it in the hospital as well. We've seen it around the globe in Europe, Middle East and Africa as well as Asia-Pacific. So I'm just very pleased with the distribution of the technology across pretty much all sites of care and around the globe. And again, we focus our attention, not always, but let's call it, 80-plus percent of the time in those larger accounts. We're spending our time in those goals and platinum accounts because that's where the big payback is if you're going to spend the time. So again, the distribution has been good. I mean it's been across settings, across region, and we've been focused on the larger accounts for sure.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Thanks, Keri. I wouldn't mind making a couple of comments here. And first of all, thanks for spending time with us here this morning. I just want to say, and I think this is probably obvious to everybody. We certainly have an outsized dependence on elective procedures versus really any of our med tech peers or competitors, particularly large cap companies. We're just an outsized impact there. And as a result, we're very sensitive to COVID ebbs and flows. And we spend a lot of time as you would imagine, analyzing this. And we try to remain prudent in our expectation setting as a result. And because we've seen it. We've seen it first hand that COVID can move our business pretty rapidly given that dependence on electric procedures. And this has been what was reflected in the updated guidance and why our implied range for the back half is still pretty wide because again, there are things that can happen here to move us up or down pretty rapidly because of that dependence on elective procedures. Now relative to Q2 specifically, and Suky said this before, even with some of the unexpected challenges that we had in the quarter, hey, we delivered better-than-expected results, which I think speaks to two very important things. Number one, and this is more short term, but it's important, the recovery from COVID is moving in the right direction. Now it's definitely not happening the way we anticipated. I don't think it is for anybody. But it's moving in the right direction, nonetheless. And the two, and I think this is important, not just for now, but the long term, our team continues to execute and deliver against the things we can control and both of these things were deeply considered in our updated guidance. And this gives us confidence that continued recovery through the back half of the year is going to happen. And we see a path to end 2020 at 4% to 5% organic growth, at 4% to 5% we've been talking about without the need for any material benefit from clearing the deferred patient queue. And I got to say, given where we started just a few years ago, and with COVID in between, with very flat to negative growth with consistent share losses as a company. I for one, is super proud of the team for putting ZB in this position. And I look forward to not just talking about it, but delivering it for you our customers and our patients. Okay. With that, we'll go ahead and end the call, and we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thanks so much.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes. Stephen, it's Suky. You're right. When we talked about gross margin for 2021, we talked about it being stable to back half of 2020, right? We said it may not be the same for each quarter because there are a lot of variables that impact gross margin. But we said broadly that it would be in line or stable. And that comes off with many years of declining gross margins. So it's a good first step and in actually seeing that stability. First half fortunately was a little bit better than the back half of last year, and so we're encouraged by that. We expect the second half of this year to be pretty much in line with the second half of last year, so very consistent with how we've previously guided. When you average those two together, the first half of this year being a little stronger in the second half being in line, that would suggest that the full year should be slightly better than what we saw in the back half of last year. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing there. I do want to just thank and recognize the supply chain team as well as the commercial team for a lot of great efforts on our cost down initiatives, looking more strategically at P&L and really looking for opportunities to become more efficient in our cost of goods just overall. So seeing some good progress so far. So we're encouraged, and that's how we thought about it, and that's what's baked into our guidance moving forward.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, absolutely. So my comments earlier in the call were really versus 2019. And so that's kind of where I'll play for this answer. We do expect to see seasonality on an absolute basis, Q3 generally tends to be lower in absolute sales other than Q4, and we expect that to play through for the second half of this year as well. We do expect half of this year as well. We do expect versus '19, where Q2 was about flat, as we mentioned earlier for the third quarter to step up. And as you suggested, that is a little bit better than what we've seen underpins the continued recovery, which ultimately underpins our guide for the back half of the year. And then again, for that to step up again sequentially in Q4, again, all versus 2019. So that's how we currently see it. And again, it's pretty much based on that continued recovery that we've already seen in Q2. What we've seen early on in Q3, we're not going to talk about individual or specific months as we move through the rest of this year. But so far, what we've seen in July underpins and supports what we've provided earlier today.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bryan. Yes, as we noted, Asia-Pacific sales were impacted in the quarter really by two things. One is the VBP impact that we talked about, which was essentially some distributors taking some inventory contraction ahead of VBP. And the second was we did see surges late in the second quarter in some of our larger markets like Japan and Australia and New Zealand that also slowed some of our growth down. And that hit pretty much across both of those VBP as well as slowdowns in our recon business. But it was encouraging that despite those headwinds that we were able to manage through that and actually grow the region a little bit ahead of expectation. And we would expect that growth to continue in the back half of this year. Regarding China VBP, for competitive reasons, we're not going to size that. It was a contributor. We're not the only contributor in that performance in Asia-Pacific, as I mentioned. I think the important thing is how do we think about this going forward? We've looked at VBP and done a number of scenarios based on what we know at this time. Again, the final rules, pricing and volumes aren't expected to be issued for let's call it another few months, but that timing has been shifting around, so it could continue to shift. But based on what we know today, we don't expect there to be a material impact from inventory change going forward. And that's what's represented in our guidance moving forward. But again, we're going to learn a lot more about VBP over the coming months, and we'll update you as we learn more. But again, it was great to see that Asia-Pacific did grow through that. And I would say also, fundamentally within China, we're seeing very strong demand. And so obviously, that was the first market to be impacted by COVID-19, and it was the first market to recover, and we continue to see good strength and progression in that market. And as you know, we're a leader within China and expect to maintain that leadership position as we move forward.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, absolutely. So we continue to build out, I think, an attractive pipeline of potential tuck-in targets. Very consistent with what Bryan said earlier about things that are mission-centric where we have the right to win, strategically makes sense, financially are strong and have a low level of synergy disruption and very consistent with sort of the deals we did at the back end of 2020, which so far through the integration process, we're very pleased with how those are progressing. So we're going to continue to look at opportunities very similar to those. And the good thing is our firepower continues to build. And with the recovery of the pandemic, we're seeing our EBITDA improved significantly. We've turned the corner on the second quarter of 2020, which was a cliff for us, as you know, a trough, if you will, on EBITDA. And with a rolling 12-month EBITDA number as we sunset the second quarter of 2020, we're seeing a pretty big step up in our EBITDA number and a nice improvement in our overall leverage ratio. When you combine that with the debt paydown we've done so far, the debt paydown we're committing to in the back half of this year, and the over $1 billion on the balance sheet, we feel we're in a stronger position than we have been for the last 15 months to And so I feel really good about where we are and how we're moving forward on that. I would also say, another big component of that is our spin transaction. We're really pleased with how the team has been progressing on that. We've made significant progress with our tax private letter ruling, great progress with our carve-out financials and our 10x, which we hope to file in the not-too-distant future with the SEC on a private basis. Good progress from BofA in formulating this go-forward strategy and building out his team. So just overall, really, really impressed with how the team has handled this in the backdrop of also integrating those transactions we did at the back end of last year. So that muscle, that capability that we've been building over the last couple of years is really playing out to our benefit right now.
