David Dvorak: Thanks Dan. Zimmer Biomet now stands as one global leader. And with our increased scale in musculoskeletal diversification, we're able to anticipate and address the needs of the evolving global healthcare landscape. Our strategic vision continues to focus on delivering a compelling value proposition for patients, healthcare providers and our stockholders. And now, I'd like to ask Vince to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Sure, Joanne. I think that the advantage that we’ve had of the long pendency period was we were able to develop extremely detailed methodical plans. And so when day one rolled around, our teams were extraordinarily well prepared, and that includes the plans that Dan outlined with respect to the different work streams and milestones that we're tracking. So we have a lot of details and capability to track and respond to anything that was not embedded in the plans. But with respect to the acceleration opportunities, the cross-sell is one of our primary areas of focus, and that opportunity starts with putting the right sales talent in place. I would tell you that that was a very pleasant surprise as we went through the experiencing of drawing out the best from both organizations. We have extraordinarily talented commercial leaders that had been appointed. And those individuals are putting their management teams and then sales rep appointments together. All of that work is expected to be substantially complete by the end of this year, and we're well on our way. Also we’ve been able to put in place all of the infrastructure necessary to facilitate the cross-sell opportunities. We had some opportunities to pre-build inventory in key product categories, to pre-train sales reps in key product categories, and so this offense is starting to ramp up. Clearly, that takes some time for that pipeline to rebuild and the momentum will be restored. And we're expecting to see terrific progress through the balance of the year that's going to set us up nicely for 2016 to get after those opportunities.
David Dvorak: Sure. Bob, I think that it was clear that the pendency period was more extended than we originally anticipated. And naturally with the lack of clarity during that prolonged period of 14 months, you're going to lose some of that offensive momentum. All of that is very addressable. And the plans that we have in place with the appointments of the leadership, as I said, the infrastructural implementation and cascading that through the field organization puts us in a great place to restore that momentum as we work through the balance of the year. So I think it's more just the extended pendency period rather than anything at all fundamental changing. That's very temporary in the scheme of the underlying strategy for this combination, and we're quite confident that that's going to get addressed, so nothing fundamental whatsoever has changed by virtue of that.
David Dvorak: Well, just to clarify, to start with Knees are at-or-slightly above market on the legacy Zimmer side. I think that holds true for the legacy Biomet side also. The Hip category requires some attention, but I think with the complementary aspects of the portfolios, we’re going to be able to bring that attention to it and put that on a better course, Bob. But if you think about the dynamics that are going to go into what we generate by way of top line growth, you have the circumstances that you described coming into the closing, the opportunities that I'm outlining this morning to reaccelerate the top line growth and these are businesses that going back just to the point of announcement through the majority of 2014 together were generating 3% to 5% growth. And so that quite clearly is an opportunity for these businesses. And that's on a standalone basis. So you put these portfolios together, pick the best of the best in sales leaders, train up the sales reps for those opportunities, leverage the relationships that exist at the surgeon level for cross-selling and that's going to be extraordinarily powerful. And that's not a temporary synergy by virtue of the combination. That's going to be a sustainable synergy. And we'll talk a little bit more I suspect, before we're done with the Q&A about the product portfolio and the go-forward pipeline opportunities. So if you look at the restoration of that momentum, as I said, speed is important but getting it right in the field integration, the plans that we have allow us to do both. By the end of this year, we're going to have the right sales team set up and at a full clip going into 2016. And so then what has to happen is that momentum has to be restored and the cross-sell opportunities have to be ramping up to a point where they're offsetting any of the natural fallout as far as dis-synergies go on the top line. That's going to occur sequentially. We’re going to see improvement throughout 2016. And so the comment that I would make to you by a way of answer is, tough at this point to pinpoint the particular month, but you’re going to see sequential improvement throughout 2016. And we're confident that we're going to get back to or even above market growth rates as the year progresses.
David Dvorak: Sure, Mike. To start with an overview of the structure, this is an organization that will be led by the best of the best. If one looks at the legacy leaders across the globe, I think a lot of times these discussions end up becoming focused immediately on United States market, but across the globe, we're selecting the best territory managers, the best country managers, the best sales managers supporting those level leaders. And then as we said from the beginning retaining the sales rep positions. This is a really powerful organization in the thousands of numbers, and numbers at the sales rep level and it provides us with an extraordinary opportunity to develop more specialized sales forces in the non-large joint areas, which is something that we'll begin implementing through this integration process and continue to grow in the years to come. So we’re well on our way, Mike. Those leadership positions obviously at the executive level and the next couple of levels down within the organization were all appointed pre-close and well before pre-close. So they were able to put their plans together next level down. And all of those execution plans are cascading down to the rep level as we speak. As I said, for the amount of work to be done and the size of that channel to do that in the coming several months and be locked down going in 2016 is a big task, but it's the right priority for the organization. And with those appointments is going to come certainty and clarity, so that people are going to be very offensive minded and began to start to take advantage of the cross-sell opportunities that exists, both at the product and at the surgeon level. The compensation opportunities are terrific. There isn't a better bag in the industry. And irrespective of product category area of focus, these sales reps are going to have wonderful opportunities, not only with the product category bag that exists at this point, but the pipeline that exists, and then the opportunities for greater differentiation on the R&D side, because the scale that we have across the entire portfolio. So people are excited about it. The tone is very positive. I would also tell you that these are leaders that have, in many cases, 10, 20, 30 years of experience. So these transitions are not new to them. They have a lot of experience in just managing the channel. I'd also tell you, Mike, that when you look at these leaders that are chosen on average in the United States for example, the selected leaders have a compounded annual growth rate that's hundreds of basis points above those that are not selected at that level of the organization. And so this is the best of the best. They know how to put these organizations together and run that offense, and we're going to be hitting our stride in short order.
David Dvorak: Yes, I think that the retention has been excellent. These attrition rates have been quite consistent with historic levels. It may tick up single-digit percentage points as we go through this process, and this is what we would expect to continue to see, but I don't it going beyond that. And the leadership appointments down to the management level in the field will be taking place very early on, and in many instances, have already been accomplished in different territories and will be done at the sales rep level as these months progress. So I don't anticipate any significant uptick in attrition rates, Mike.
David Dvorak: Well, we're very interested in the underlying premise to those technologies and we’ve been added for a long time with both internal/external development efforts in that regard. Our portfolio of patient-specific instruments including legacy Biomet Signature technology, preoperative planning systems and templating systems, our iASSIST technology, our eLIBRA technology are all consistent with the goal of making these procedures as reproducible and heightening the outcomes in a very cost effective way. That's been the mission that we've been on for many years and we've made terrific progress and feel good about where our programs are going to take us in that regard. To the extent that technologies can achieve those same objectives, preferably that are smaller, faster, cheaper, preferably ones that integrate into the natural workflow for the surgeon and drive OR efficiencies as opposed to affecting some of those key areas in a negative way, then we'd be interested in any other technologies. And so, we're going to continue to be very open-minded, but we like the portfolio of technologies that we've been developing, and what we have underway to continue to progress in that area.
David Dvorak: I don't see that is having any significant impact on price. I think that the pricing environment that we’ve been operating in has all of the drivers embedded in it that are the underlying reasons for that proposal. I think that the proposal in many ways, as well as the delivery modifications that are embedded within the ACA in general are consistent with what we all have to be mindful of. Again, we're trying to develop deeper partnerships with our customers, the surgeons and providers to bring about a better patient outcome in a cost efficient way, and that more expansive end-to-end definition that's embedded within that proposal is the right concept. There are elements of that proposal that should be modified. We ought to make sure that we're not stinting healthcare, especially when the delivery of healthcare and access, especially when you look at the measurement period on the back end of 90 days. These are procedures that are often times appropriately measured in years as far as success rates. And so we should be careful about how we set those proof [ph] programs up, but the concept of ensuring that the cure is coordinated in a patient-centric way and is mindful of the overall cost is an appropriate one from our perspectives. The innovations that we have underway and the opportunities that we have with our field service organizations to contribute positively to that endeavor are immense, and it's a big part of our strategy going forward. So I think it's in alignment with how we ought to be thinking about improving patient care in general, and I don't see it having any impact of significance on the pricing environment
David Dvorak: Sure. I think that the Trauma business - I think we have significant opportunities in that regard, David. When you look at the complementary aspects of that portfolio, we immediately gravitate towards a couple of the key areas. The Distal Radius product category is one that we have not had much of a presence in on the Zimmer side historically. The product offering is first rate on the Biomet side. The Cable-Ready System is strong on the Zimmer side. That's a big cross-sell opportunity into that pipeline. Also, sales force specialization is going to be meaningful. We've got a channel that historically has been more oriented toward the large joint side of the business and we're going to be breaking out sales rep specialization to bring greater emphasis. So you've got more emphasis at the sales rep level, a more comprehensive portfolio that puts us in a position to compete very effectively in level-1 level trauma centers, where we haven't had as much of a presence [Technical Difficulty], and that's going to add up to a big opportunity to expand our market share. So that's a good example of what this deal brings into these smaller business categories for us where we had subscale businesses, and now are sort of in a sweet spot where we have critical mass, a broad portfolio are in a very competitive position and are very confident that we're going to be in a share gain mode. And I would say the same thing about Dental. You're essentially doubling the size of those product categories by virtue of this combination. And so our capability to do well at the premium, as well as the value level within the dental market across the globe is greatly enhanced by this combination. And then you add some other areas including the legacy Zimmer dental regenerative portfolio, which is an industry-leading portfolio that the legacy Biomet reps are going to be able to sell into. So great opportunities in both, and I think you're going to start to see some of the benefits as we progress through 2016 in those categories.
David Dvorak: Sure. We are extraordinarily excited about the opportunities within that subset of the business. These are faster growing markets. And as I was describing earlier, these are markets that you can generally characterize as being ones where we've had businesses that have had some scale challenges historically. And those scale challenges create some headwinds both in commitments that you can make from an R&D spend, as well as the sales force build out, medical training education, other important ingredients to running these businesses successfully, and to do that in a profitable way and a value creating way from a stockholder perspective. So they really validate a major premise to this combination of the first instance. And I think you're going to see our performance in a direction that's consistent with that. I would tell you that I think that there are some big immediate opportunities in that cross-sell list, but those are consistent in the large joint areas too. So I don't think that they're differentiated in that regard. Good examples and opportunities across every one of the product categories is just that SET bunch of businesses have that - have the advantage of getting to scale, have the advantage of enhance sales force specialization being built into our plans, and reinvestment in that regard. And they're also operating in traditionally faster growing markets to begin with. So when you add all that up, we see that 20% portion of our business being very augmented to - and enhancer to our top line growth rates. So that mid-single-digit growth rate is sort of a short-term perspective, as to where we expect that business to get to. I would tell you that our aspiration is to drive it much, much higher than that.
David Dvorak: Yes. Just to reiterate, William, we're retaining reps. There are too many opportunities by virtue of this combination from a product portfolio standpoint to be able to afford to lose good reps, so we're retaining the reps. And look, we're looking to leverage their strengths and the product portfolio strengths in the best way possible. And that means what they've done well historically is what we would continue to want see them leverage. And areas where they've done less well, we're going to look to augment. And so there are going to be opportunities for enhanced specialization, as all of that is designated, but we're going to make intelligent decisions driven by the people that are closest to the facts and circumstances that allow them to make informed judgments about that. But the tone is very, very upbeat among the sales force. They see the opportunity and I think fundamentally know that this isn't just a temporary opportunity on the front-end but rather that what we're able to build into the future and the pipeline and solutions that we're going to be able to lever is going to be a differentiated set and a comprehensive set. So that bodes very well for the success that we’re looking to have in those conversations as we complete this integration by the end of the year on the commercial side.
David Dvorak: We see opportunities for all these assets to contribute to value creation at this point in time. And that doesn't mean that we're going to be overly rigid and cease to evaluate portfolio decisions going forward. It's about value creation. At this stage, our expectation is that all these assets are going to contribute and we're going to work real hard to help the leaders make those contributions. And to the extent that that view changes at some point in time, then we're going to make the decisions in the best interest of the stockholders that now we're really enthusiastic about the opportunities and synergies, by virtue of this portfolio coming together. We think that there is a real strategic advantage to the musculoskeletal focus that we have from an R&D standpoint, from an operations standpoint, from a go-to-market strategy standpoint. If anything, the evolving healthcare market is going to make that more important. And we think that we can be more impactful in helping shape those solutions going forward by virtue of these assets.
David Dvorak: Great. So I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on the third quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8:00 AM on October 29 later on this year. With that, I'll turn the call back to you, Vince.
Dan Florin: Great. Thanks Joanne for the question. Certainly we continued to be very active evaluating business development activities. We have a terrific business development organization, always looking for opportunities to drive growth. And we feel having leverage of about 4x that Jim described is not an impediment to that. We'll continue to be disciplined in terms of capital allocation. Zimmer has an excellent track record of being disciplined, and will continue to do so as we progress. But we'll continue to look for tuck-in opportunities, M& A activities. We believe strongly the cash flow generation of the combined enterprise, provides us the opportunity to do that, while we look to delever the balance sheet, grow EBITDA and reinvest in growth initiatives organically as well.
Dan Florin: David, this is Dan. As we progress through the rest of 2015 and continue to gain traction on integration and confidence in the execution of that integration, which we do have full confidence in, we'll continue to evaluate capital deployment. So certainly to drive the integration and the synergies, we need to spend some cash to do that. There is a nice return on that investment. As per my earlier comments, you look back at a track record of Zimmer in terms of capital allocation. It's a terrific track record, returning nearly 70% of free cash flow to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. So going forward, we're focused on executing the synergy program, accelerating the top line growth, driving improvements in our free cash flow yields back to historical levels. We see that type of opportunity. With that enhanced cash flow generation, we'll continue to look at what makes sense on a go-forward basis. So we'll go through a detailed operating plan for 2016, look at cash needs and weigh those trade-offs. So it's certainly something that we'll continue to evaluate. We'll also over time look at a deliberate attempt to delever the balance sheet. We have been able through this inter-company loan transaction that the tax team executed has opened up that pipeline to OUS cash, so that's been a critical initiative that's behind us. The access to that cash begins late this year. So at that point in time, we'll have cash available to make those decisions. And then out over time, as we build free cash flow, have access to that OUS cash, I think that gives us a lot of flexibility to look at both organic growth capital, if you will, external opportunities and then return of capital to stockholders.
Dan Florin: Sure. Certainly as we’ve progressed through the integration plans and we start to realize those synergies, keep in mind there will be a ramp up of those synergies over time. As you see in our second quarter performance, the gross margin rate is benefiting from the gains on the foreign exchange contracts. And keep in mind that as we bring Biomet into the fold and start layering the Biomet cash flows into the Zimmer hedging program, that will take time to gain traction. So in the back half of 2015, while the hedge contracts will continue to contribute in a relatively consistent basis from a dollar standpoint as we bring the Biomet revenues into that as a percentage of sales, the contribution of the FX gains will be lower. So that does put some pressure, if you will, on the second half gross margin rate relative to the first half and that's embedded in the guidance that I just provided. But the underlying ability to drive operating margin improvement is real by virtue of the synergy plans that we have. And importantly, the mix benefits of premium technologies on the Biomet side as we continue to drive growth there. So the cross-sell opportunities - a number of those cross-sell opportunities are focused in the premium technologies that the Biomet portfolio brings to bear day one.
Dan Florin: Craig, this is Dan. Certainly based upon everything that I’ve seen and analyzed to-date, including the details of our synergy and integration program, I am confident that we can deliver earnings per share within that range, a range of $6.65 to $6.80. I'm confident in that regard. With respect to the top line, the opportunities that David has outlined, in terms of the acceleration of growth through 2016, is embedded within that assumption. So yes, at this point in time, we’re confident in the ability to deliver that EPS growth in 2016.
Dan Florin: Sure. So later this year - first with respect to 2016, we'll be providing official guidance in January for 2016. So our stated goal of confidence in that EPS growth is what we're shooting for, our operating plan will be geared towards the achievement of that. And then in January, we'll give you the official guidance for 2006 team. At the same time, in the upcoming months, the new management team will be going through the strategic planning process looking out beyond 2016. And certainly as we think about EPS opportunity at the combined enterprise of the 8% to 10% type range, we feel confident based on what we know right now of the combined portfolio that we can deliver in that range. And as we go through the strategic planning process, we'll look for opportunities to exceed that. But at this point in time, I'd say we're comfortable in that range. And as we talked about 2016 guidance in January, we can give you an update on our thinking longer term.
Dan Florin: Yes, the number was in that range. It was 80%. And it is - the math that you describe, as far as the measure by dollars that the capabilities are obviously diverse. It's between these organizations. So there is a positive impact in that regard. There is opportunity to repurpose those resources, and from our perspective go after a more differentiated research and development portfolio, both with internal and external development focused on the musculoskeletal space. And that's logical relative to the portfolios that we're bringing together and the need to continue to maintain the vitality of those go-forward systems, but to be able to invest in some higher risk, higher reward differentiated projects. At the same time, they're going to be very directly in addressing the unmet needs and getting after some of the opportunities to improve care and address the cost challenges that the customers face. So that's really exciting to us. I would tell you that it is not an area where we’re looking to pull down our spend. So it is indeed to be a targeted area for expense synergy, if anything, I think that we're going to see big opportunities and potentially to expand our commitment in the research and development areas in absolute dollar spend in the coming years.
Dan Florin: We've seen, as we discussed, very stable rate of decline on pricing over the past three or four quarters. Our assumption, as we look out to 2016 is consistent with that assumption, based on what we've seen. And so at this point in time, we're not assuming any break in trends from that perspective.
