David C. Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. In 2013, Zimmer's focused execution around an expanded portfolio accelerated revenue growth in both our core reconstructive franchises and global businesses. With revolutionary new offerings such as Persona, The Personalized Knee System, we continued to set the pace for the musculoskeletal market with clinically relevant solutions designed to serve the needs of surgeons, their patients and health care institutions. As we advance this strategic vision in 2014 and beyond, we'll remain committed to our core business principles of delivering growth through innovation, cultivating quality and operational excellence and serving as disciplined stewards of capital. We're confident that these critical elements of our value creation framework will continue laying the foundation of our future growth. And now I'd like to ask Toni to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: We did see the sequential improvement in procedural demand as 2013 progressed, but I think that we want to be a bit cautious about taking the exit growth rate on procedural demand from Q4 as an extrapolation as to what we're going to see throughout 2014. And so I think you want to think about the demand producing growth numbers that are consistent with all of 2013 as opposed to jumping off of Q4 and carrying that growth trajectory into 2014. Beyond the U.S., and those comments are probably more focused on the U.S., Bruce, I think that we would expect to see some stabilization in the developed markets within Europe. We did see that as 2013 progressed and in particular, in Q4. Now it's different by country within Europe, Middle East and Africa, and it's also different by product category in some jurisdictions within Europe, Middle East and Africa. But as a general trend, we would expect to see stabilization and that was measured against 2013, a bit of improvement in 2014.
David C. Dvorak: I think that this is directionally correct. I think that the growth rate, obviously, much higher in the emerging markets. I think that the growth rate that you just articulated is going to likely continue to be higher in developed markets in Asia Pacific than developed markets in Europe, Middle East and Africa as well.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. In -- the points that you make are appropriate. I would tell you that we believe that we have a very, very competitive portfolio at this point on the hip side. Some of what you're seeing in the Europe, Middle East and Africa performance is a matter of our market share position in those developed markets that have slowed down. We have large share in some of those developed markets in Central Europe, for example, and so we're going to be affected disproportionately by those slowdowns. So that's part of it. I think that there's also a lot of energy and excitement globally about the launch of Persona, and so we'll balance that focus a bit better in 2014. But with that, by the way of background, Bob, I would tell you we're very confident that you'll see improved performance within the hip product category in 2014 for the company.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think that you should plan on the buyback program operating now that's consistent with past periods, but we're going to be active as we have in the past on the M&A front. We'll be disciplined about the returns that we would expect through any of those deals. But I think that, if anything, the momentum that we've created with the new product introductions and the top line... [Technical difficulty]
David C. Dvorak: I'll just pick up and reiterate, Bob, in response to your last question. I was starting to say that you should expect the capital deployment and the disciplines around that to be consistent with past years. We'll be very proactive about examining opportunities on the acquisition front as we have in the past, but we're going to be disciplined about that, and the return metrics will be consistently applied with what we've done in past operating periods. I think, if anything, in response to your question, as far as additional color, I would say that the new product launches and the success and momentum that those are creating within the business, I feel, put us in a great place to examine deals of all sizes in 2014.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I -- the majority of the performance improvement, and obviously, within the knee category in the United States jurisdiction in particular, the performance improvement for the company was substantial over the course of 2013. And we reestablished momentum within that product category. It's a very, very important product category to us for obvious reasons. And what we accomplished in that year was meaningful and will carry momentum into 2014 and beyond. We're extraordinarily excited about the pipeline that we have beyond the initial launch of Persona, both within primary knees and other subsegments. So I expect that momentum to continue, and the success that we believe we're having with competitive surgeons already with the Persona system is part of the basis for that optimism as to what we're going to do in go-forward periods. I would tell you that the contributions within the knee category in the Americas, by way of example, when you mentioned Gel-One, it's -- it isn't material relative to the performance improvement that you saw sequentially from Q1 through Q4 in 2013. So you can read that as the vast majority of our success in 2013 within the knee category is very much driven by the launch of the Persona system. I think that, in response to the second part of your question, Matt, that -- as to what we saw by way of demand -- procedural demand in the fourth quarter in the United States, it was clearly a substantial uptick. I don't think that one should carry that into their expectations as to what we're going to see throughout 2014. I don't know that one wants to describe that as seasonality either in the sense of it's going to repeat in every fourth quarter hereafter. I think that at least an element of this, and all this is anecdotal as others have discussed that reported out prior to today, but clearly, there's an element of that procedural uptick that is driven by the implementation of health care reform and some of the perceived potential disruption to plans or access to particular surgeons. But that led to -- but I don't think it's very easy for anyone to tease that apart with precision at this point in time. I do believe that part of what one should take away from the uptick and procedural demand is, after the fundamental demographic drivers, there is an aging population out there. These are procedures that have terrific clinical results. And relative to the knee, for joint replacement, the procedure is still underutilized and economically very beneficial to society, is measured out, including the most recent publication in the JBJS from August regarding financial results and economic benefits to society of the 600,000-plus knee replacements that were done in the United States in 2009. So that underlying demand is real. And with a little bit of an adjustment to the environment in which people are making those decisions, you can see how the procedural demand can increase in a short period of time. So I think it's just more indicative of from a long-term perspective, this is going to be a very healthy market and a consistently performing market.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, we're going to be in a good position to continue to grow that business. Obviously, there are some pretty extraordinary comps on a year-over-year basis. Part of what will -- but we'll be in a growth mode to be sure within the Surgical and Other category. Part of what will happen, as we described in the prior call, was that we'll be transitioning a bit from the majority of those incremental sales being capital units being placed to more of the higher-margin consumable aspect of that. And that will help us on the margin front as the quarters progress. But continue to expand that portfolio, more to come in the way of new offerings, enhancements to our competitiveness on the power tool side as the year progresses by a way of example. So we're really bullish on that category and that business performing very, very well.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Mike. As we described with respect to the R&D spending, there was substantial effort and focus on some of the large product systems that were under development. And so we're expecting that to balance out over time. I would tell you that you ought not to read too much into the Q4 absolute dollar spend. We still are investing, we have a very robust pipeline. I think that you'll see us balancing that out over time. And if anything, in the 2014 time period, an expansion of our investment in research and development. But it's going to be in accordance with our view as to what opportunities that we have in particular points in time. So you'll see it fluctuate back up and you ought not to read anything more significant into it.
David C. Dvorak: No, it really is just a perspective rather than a forward read of what's happening in the first month of 2014. It isn't based upon that, it's based upon the view that these -- one quarter performance within the market and the procedural demand ought not to be overemphasized and developing a mindset that, that's a trend going into 2014. So we just believe that the trailing 4 quarters are more representative of what one should expect to see in 2014, and we're applying that to our annual guidance and the forward view and visibility as it relates to some color around what to expect in the first quarter as well. It's really that simple, Derrick.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. We -- as you mentioned, we had a really nice quarter in European knees. And I think that the sales execution -- and most of that, frankly, is driven by NexGen, which is a system with terrific clinical results that has been out for some time and is a trusted system and going to continue to be a very important part of our portfolio. And the European team in those developed markets, in particular, did a terrific job on the sales execution front. We also benefited from -- sequentially as the year progressed, as I mentioned, some improvement and stabilization in some of the markets. And for us, where we have significant share in those developed markets, if there's a bit of improvement, that creates a nice tailwind as opposed to the headwind that we had been facing in the past. So I think it was a combination of excellent execution by the sales team and a bit of improvement in some of those large, developed markets that helped us produce a very good result within Europe, Middle East and Africa in the fourth quarter.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Matt. I do think it's marching towards a more normalized state. I think that in that process, there are going to be some ups and downs by month and by quarter towards a more normalized state. We never believe that it would be circumstance where even with a better understood macroeconomic environment that there was going to be some bolus that was going to be sustained and pushed, the backlog of patients that had been deferring the election to move forward with these procedures, through all at once. I think that it's going to be a bit more episodic and just a general trend towards normalization. And that's really part of what is informing and what we're expressing this morning about. I think you want to look forward to 2014 and think about the global markets. And you can apply this to the U.S. market as well as generally feeling more like 2013 than necessarily like 2014 if it proves to be the case that there is a continued uptick at any point in 2014. And one can modify the view and you might even examine, at some point, a deeper penetration and acceptance of these solutions. But I think that it's going to march towards an equilibrium, a more normalized state. I don't think that it's going to be a bolus push through and then a drop back off, but there'll be some ups and downs along the way. And the underlying demand in each of these procedures will be the constant in all of that.
David C. Dvorak: That's okay. We provide that, the breakout, on a constant currency basis and we had good performances in both of those large joint categories.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, we don't have clarity on that at this point. But I think one should plan to see biannual price reductions that are negative in their nature and in a range of something that's consistent with past adjustments. And that's what we have modeled in at this point in time. So that would be something that would have an effect within that particular country of -- a range of negative mid-single digits as it has an effect on 2014 because it will impact 3 quarters of the year.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Glenn. I think that as it relates to the U.S. performance in particular in the fourth quarter, and this is likely to be the case in the first quarter of 2014, too, that we benefited from the disruption that they experienced in the prior period with the recall. And so that has -- anniversarying that growth out and the recapture of that business, which everyone anticipated would be the likely case. They've been able to relaunch those products and so that's part of the GAAP in the performance that you see. I think beyond that, we look at our portfolio right now within the trauma business favorably. We think that we have a very competitive offering and we're doing a nice job of selling trauma in many o U.S. markets. We have work to do to develop the right level of focus to fully exploit the opportunities that we have within that portfolio within the United States. And so you should expect us to achieve better performance as 2014 progresses, but we'll start the year with a bit of a headwind because of that anniversarying of the opportunity that we were able to take advantage of last year.
David C. Dvorak: It certainly is the case that, that was successful, not the only successful bolt-on acquisition but probably the one that was most pronounced in fiscal year 2013. Those are tough ones to find, tough ones to repeat. I would tell you that in the aggregate, we continue to be excited about the opportunities. And we always have a pipeline of those types of acquisitions that we're working on at any given point in time. So without getting out ahead of ourselves, I wouldn't foresee that there is a single product category that would allow us to repeat what we did in 2013. But I think in the aggregate, you'll see continued strong performance with those bolt-on acquisitions. And we don't end up picking up much by the way of revenue growth by doing those acquisitions. It truly is the case that, that's organic growth post closing of those deals because we're finding new anatomical sites or other market adjacencies within musculoskeletal health. And we find nice traction being able to push those through our existing distribution channel and leveraging existing relationships. So that's a recipe that you'll see continue. I doubt that there will be a repeat of the Dornoch acquisition in 2014. But in the aggregate, you'll see continued success with those.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I would start by just clarifying that the guidance that we articulated gives you -- you talk about it as a percentage of sales, but as an absolute dollar figure we would look to spend anywhere from $10 million to $20 million according to our guidance, above what we spend in 2013. So the absolute spend is going to expand and that's going to flex depending upon what we see by way of opportunity both internally and externally as well. So if there's an opportunity for us to accelerate the development of a particular internal project or getting new an adjacency that we think is consistent with our strategy and can create value, then that number is going to go up. So again, I don't think one should be at all alarmed if you look at -- and I don't believe that it's reflective at all of the opportunity to continue to innovate in a clinically relevant way. We're really excited about the opportunities that we have going forward. So we just are birthing the largest product development launch in the company's history and we want to make sure that we're putting our energies to getting the commercialization efforts on Persona just right and fully taking advantage of that launch. But you're going to see continued products rolling out, getting launched, and our pipeline is going to be very healthy.
David C. Dvorak: I think you have to remember that when we talk about price, we're calculating now to the best of our ability, on a SKU basis, pure price as opposed to mix. And so the mix and volume we aggregate in discussing our results and then the pure price is what we try to break out for you with a lot of specificity by product category and geographic segment.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I would tell you that this -- it's still early with the launch of Persona. Pick an analogy or metaphor, I think it's the first quarter, not halftime, with that launch. It's going to be phased with additional elements launched over an extended period of time. And then there's going to be a geographic prioritization. So we are primarily focused on the U.S. market at this point in time, selectively outside the U.S. market in 2013 and in 2014. So it's going to be a launch process that lasts for multiple operating periods. And I think you ought to think about that product launch as kind of a 3- to 5-year, as opposed to a 12- to 24-month process, Bill.
David C. Dvorak: It's ongoing. And there's a lot left to do in that regard. We have a lot of opportunity going forward with the Persona system.
David C. Dvorak: The latter really, Bill, and that was the case in 2013 as well. I would tell you that probably somewhat uniquely with this launch, because of the interest and the appetite among competitive surgeons, there have been more set placements into the hands of competitive surgeons. So it will be dual track and last for multiple operating periods, not just 2013 nor will it just be 2014 in that regard.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Bill. It will build as we move on. But again, there'll be different elements and different compositions that -- and forms that the Persona launch will take and the intelligent instruments that are very importantly incorporated into the launch. So we'll package that up in different ways for different markets, but it will be ongoing for the coming operating periods. And we'll offer more color on that as the launch continues so that you have some perspective on how much runway we have. At this point in time, the answer is, a great deal. And so with that, I'd like to just, again thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8:00 a.m. on April 24. I'll turn the call back to you, Toni.
James T. Crines: I think that's very fair, Bruce, as we -- as I indicated in my scripted remarks, we're anticipating the tax to result in about $10 million of charges running through cost of goods on a quarterly basis in 2014. We -- if you look at how that compares with 2013, we recognize the modest amount of tax in the fourth quarter, so the headwind will persist, if you will, at least for the first 3 quarters before we get into the fourth quarter of 2014 where we have year-over-year comp work in both years.
James T. Crines: Yes. Yes, we are definitely. And the guidance, the 73% to 74% guidance we've given for the full year reflects that, as well as expectations for a more favorable mix of revenues. David touched on that in part with respect to the surgical business, but it's also the case as our -- we restored growth, as David talked about, in the knee franchise that, that will contribute in a positive way. As we see more robust growth in the U.S. market relative to the international markets, that contributes in a positive way. We have incremental manufacturing cost savings out of our operational excellence initiatives that will contribute in 2014. And we're also anticipating lower inventory obsolescence charges relative to the last few years. The last few years we experienced some pretty significant charges largely kind of driven by the launch of these new products and cannibalization of the products that they're displacing. So all of those things are taken into account and help to fully offset the headwinds from both the medical device excise tax as well as negative price.
James T. Crines: Sure. So it's -- I'd have to go back to the announcement that we made a couple of years back indicating that we were kicking off of a program to, among other things, help us drive about $400 million of operating costs savings over the course of a number of operating periods, which will get us to this $400 million of total savings by 2016. There are a number of different initiatives. We've talked from time to time about the various initiatives that are -- will get us to the point where we've achieved the $400 million in savings. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, we're making really good progress on those initiatives. They include quality and manufacturing excellence initiatives, and there's a significant amount of activity and effort. Fees that are incurred both for the consulting partners that we have engaged to help us with those efforts, as well as for the dedicated personnel. And we set it up that way so that we have -- we will have the business units to, say appoint dedicated personnel to the various projects. They have the opportunity to backfill those positions within their businesses and carry on with their sort of strategic and tactical day-to-day activities. And we've got the distribution and logistics initiative. I think we talked about this a little bit. Among other things, it resulted in the closure of a facility here in Warsaw that was our finished goods warehouse, which has been relocated to -- closer to Memphis, Tennessee and is driving operational expense savings in freight and distribution. We have a sourcing initiative which, I will tell you at this point, is contributing a fair share of the over $200 million of savings that we've achieved coming out of 2013 on a run-rate basis. So that's probably just touching on a handful, it doesn't cover all of the initiatives -- of the initiatives, and hopefully, gives you some idea of what we have going on and the costs associated, what those costs are for.
James T. Crines: Sure. It does, Derrick. As I indicated in response to an earlier question, the positive momentum that's been restored within that franchise globally is -- will have a -- is and will continue to have a positive impact on gross margin.
James T. Crines: Okay. I'll start with the -- where you landed at the end. D/O [ph] charges in the quarter represented a drag on the gross margin of somewhere in the neighborhood of 60 to 70 basis points. And that would have been a bit higher than what we would have seen in the prior year, maybe 10 or 20 basis points higher than what we would have seen in the prior year. And then as for the operational excellence initiative that is really focused on distribution, it's a global initiative, so it does not only apply to the U.S., it does extend outside the U.S. as well. We're going to continue to look at our own sort of processes from -- how we distribute out of our own finished goods, warehouse into the field. And then -- and that's -- most of the work we've completed today is really around the piece of the distribution chain that we have full ownership of. The continuing sort of aspects of that particular initiative do involve having us partner more closely with our independent agents in the U.S. and then, also, with our forward-stocking locations that we own outside the U.S. And looking for opportunities to rationalize our footprint, establish better sharing of the inventory across territories. And there's still a lot of work to do on that front, Matt. And we're continuing with that effort and will eventually have an opportunity to reduce the amount of capital that we have tied up in inventory as a consequence. So I think -- not going to see much of that, don't expect to see much of that benefit in 2014. Would expect to begin to see some of that benefit in 2015 and beyond.
James T. Crines: Sure. So as Dave said, first of all, you should model out somewhere in the neighborhood of $500 million of spending on share repurchases over the course of 2014, consistent with what we've done in prior periods. I would tell you as well that we would intend to also buy back any dilution that we experience from option exercises as necessary, so that could potentially put us in excess of that $500 million. And then, I'm not going to comment, give guidance on the specific timing of when we would be in the market, Glenn, so I -- and probably the smartest thing to do would be just what you described.
James T. Crines: Sure. Let me first of all address the billing day question. We do pick up a billing day in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2014, but that's offset by some loss of billing days in certain markets outside the U.S. So in the aggregate, we're anticipating that we pick up about half the day in the first quarter and then get that back in the second quarter. So not as pronounced as what you might have thought in terms of 2 additional billing days. And that's certainly taking into account the guidance that we provided both for the first quarter and the full year. And then with respect to EPS, I would just -- keep in mind that 2014 -- I suppose unlike some other companies who took on the full effect of the medical device excise tax in 2013, we're taking that on in 2014 just reflecting on what we guided with respect to gross margin and the impact of the medical device excise tax. If you would have add that back to what -- the midpoint of what we're guiding to, you'd be adding back something in the order of $0.15 of earnings, and that would get you closer within that -- the midpoint of that range that you referenced. That's really the issue that we have, frankly, with respect to 2014. That's a headwind that's not, at least at this stage, fully reflected in our results.
James T. Crines: Yes, Kristen, this is Jim. First of all, with respect to the Americas, that is the case, that it's incrementally -- that we saw a little more in pure price, as David talked about. So there's some incremental sort of discounting, if you will, of some of the legacy products within our portfolio within the Americas that is being offset by the premium that we're getting on new products that are getting introduced into the U.S. market. And again, that favorable mix benefit is not reflected in the pure price discussion -- disclosures that we're providing. With respect to Europe, in the past, when we were able to offset some of the price pressure we're seeing in some of the developed markets with the forward integration, transactions we had underway in various operating periods. We're far enough down the road with these forward integration transactions, that there's really less opportunity to offset some of that price pressure in some of the developed markets in Europe, but that's where we see some incremental pressure. And then, as you pointed out, we, as everyone knows need to take into account in our guidance for 2014 the fact that there will be a price cut, a reimbursement price cut in Japan that takes effect in April 1. And all of that is what's reflected in that minus 2% to minus 3%.
James T. Crines: I wouldn't assume that. It's probably the case across the market that -- it's probably a net positive across the market. If you consider some cases, particularly with respect to hips, there are more revision procedures being done, which is something else you have to take into account. But it's also the case that the advanced bearing materials within the hip category are gaining traction. I think that's the case. Certainly the case with respect to our results, you see some indication. That's also the case with some of our competitors' results. And then the new knee systems that are getting introduced. At least we -- can't speak to the other companies, but at least in our case, as David said, we're getting a premium that is sticking and adding in a meaningful way to the growth, the volume mix growth that we are reporting, and were reporting in the back half of 2013.
James T. Crines: I would tell you the majority of it is for the cost, and they are largely cash cost connected with the operational excellence initiatives there as well. And it's somewhere in the neighborhood of about $20 million out of the $250 million connected with integration of the recent bolt-on acquisitions that we've done. Those costs, although they do include a number of things, they can include employee termination benefits, contract termination fees, facility closing costs. They do also include dedicated personnel costs, as I indicated, and consulting fees. They can also include potential impairment charges, accelerated depreciation for assets that are being taken out of service or maybe pending disposition. All of that is -- we do provide all the detail in our periodic filings as a footnote within our financial statement that we lay out every quarter where the costs are being incurred in detail. But with respect to the $250 million of costs in 2014, what we're anticipating are largely cash costs.
