David C. Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. Earlier this year, the breadth of our innovation pipeline was on display at the AAOS Annual Meeting, where we featured exciting new products in almost every product category, from implants to intelligent instruments and power equipment. These offerings received a very strong customer response, which further reinforces our excitement about the ongoing positive impact of innovation. Sustained growth through 2012 will be driven by a continued focus on our strategic priorities. Progress in our business transformation programs and disciplined financial management enable us to continue to generate high levels of operating cash flow, which we're directing toward investments in growth drivers, including our sales channel, product development and infrastructure in emerging markets.  In summary, we remain on track to meet our sales, earnings and cash flow expectations for 2012. Accelerated growth in the second half of the year will be achieved through continued execution of our strategic initiatives and the contributions of new product offerings. And now I'd like to ask Lachey to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. We had a step-up in price pressure. I guess, as we look at our numbers across -- modest step-ups, Bruce, across each of the geographic segments. And I would say that within the product categories, a bit Knees and a bit in Spine, and those were the primary growth drivers. I would tell you that I don't think that any of these is different than our expectations coming in the year. It's more of the same. As we talked about on prior calls, we had some factors that were improving our price performance, including overseas forward acquisitions of distributors in prior periods. So I would deem this to be more of the same environmentally, just a modest step-up in those 2 product categories. But I don't expect this to be the beginning of a more significant negative trend.
David C. Dvorak: It just depends on where we are in the process of innovation and product rollout, Bruce. I mean, I think that at this point, probably at its peak, you could wash it out. I think that with big system launches, and I would expect that we're going to have nice opportunity in coming periods and moving into next year to do that in the knee product category. We don't have the capability to do that right now. We have a bit more of a capability to wash some of that negative price out in our hip business with mix, but not fully wash it out.
David C. Dvorak: I believe that the personalized solutions is a theme that we've been very focused on. You can see it with our product innovations across all of our product portfolios. I do believe that better clinical solutions can be gained through these personalized solutions. I believe that, frankly, the patient expectations are going to continue to rise. And their belief that they're going to be able to get back to active lifestyles and restore the quality of life that they once knew is going to cause innovation to move in the direction to be responsive to -- that asked by the patients. And so I absolutely believe in the personalized solutions. I wouldn't want that to be misconstrued with the customized term because I think that there are some nuance differences there. But identifying the most relevant clinical characteristics of a patient and ensuring that we're able to help the surgeon have everything that they need to replicate the human anatomy that, that individual started with is a big area of focus. And again, you've seen it in many of our product categories. You're going to see it to an even greater extent going forward through our innovation pipeline.
David C. Dvorak: I believe it's going to be implants that meet their characteristics in -- of that particular patient in any respect that is clinically relevant. And the key is going to be to innovate in a way where one is able to bring that solution to the hospital systems and surgeons and, ultimately, patients in a cost-effective manner. Because as you can imagine, that creates a SKU challenge. But I think that if one innovates intelligently, they're going to be able to solve that challenge and provide a better outcome in a very cost-effective way.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, that guidance is in the right range, Bob. I mean, it may tick up a couple of tenths, but that's primarily as a consequence of the Japan biannual price declines coming in a little bit higher than what we had modeled coming into the year. So I think that, that is the right range of a number still.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think in -- across the product categories, we were expecting something in the range of mid single digits. And I would say if you do the math, it comes in a couple of points higher than that.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, and just to complete that line of thought and be clear, Bob, I think what that means to us is a couple of tenths increased price pressure on a consolidated basis. So if you do the math, we were expecting that to contribute about 30 basis points of price headwind on a consolidated basis and it looks more like 50 at this point.
David C. Dvorak: We didn't have an extra selling day. I just -- you go back to the federal calendar, Bob, and essentially you picked up a day in February, obviously, and then gave it back in the month of March. So within a couple of tenths across the globe with respect to selling days, it was an even comparison year-over-year.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, we are comfortable. We believe that we're going to realize the promise of the new products that are being introduced, Bob, and step up on the top line. So in the meantime, we're driving the transformation initiatives, seeing good returns and right on pace with those programs. And that's helping fund some of the upfront money that's going to take to fully exploit those product launches. So both those dynamics are headed in the right direction, and we just need to execute and realize the benefits of those new products on the top line.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think that, that market and Europe is stable. But I will tell you within Europe, there's a lot going on. There are big differences among countries due to the austerity measures. There are even differences intra-country within the large joint categories. We clearly have been performing well in our Europe, Middle East and Africa segment. And I don't know how the numbers could be construed in any manner over the last many quarters other than we're taking share because I believe that, that's a market on the recon side that is growing low single digits as opposed to the numbers that we're posting that have been closer to mid single digits. So I think that you're going to continue to have a lot of puts and takes within Europe. Those are very different markets amalgamated, and it's something that we talked about as EMEA. But I also feel good about our capability to continue the momentum in that market and outperform the market in order to produce the growth that we need to.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. We -- I would tell you that it's pretty evenly spread, Mike, in the way of benefit. We're probably at a benefit run rate coming out of last year round numbers about -- of about $50 million. And this year, we would look to be at a run rate in excess of $100 million. And so you can sort of spread the remaining $250 million out over the course of the 5-year program the way we've defined it. In the front end of that 5-year program, obviously, we're using the benefits of it to reinvest in key areas. We've expanded sales forces. We build infrastructure in key emerging markets. We've increased our investments in key areas of our product development to execute our strategies there. So we're able to fund all of that. And as you can see in this quarter, improved -- yet still improve our SG&A ratio, not as much as it would have improved had we let all the benefits of the transformation initiatives flow through, but we're pacing that out in accordance with our strategic priorities and where we see opportunities to create significant value. So that's the framework is to how we look at -- and we also want to emphasize that our expectation is that we would fully absorb the med device tax through these programs as well. So the consequence of some of the needed strategic investments on the front end of that 5-year program and then the need to absorb the medical device tax, should that come through in 2013, more of the savings are not revealed on the performance of the P&L on the front end of the program. But as we work through those time periods, you'll see more drop-through through those programs and more significant improvement in the operations side, which will obviously lag but ultimately flow through to the COGS line as well.
David C. Dvorak: I don't have a specific number, Mike. I would tell you that I would range that to have been a few tenths on a consolidated basis.
David C. Dvorak: We have sort of hybrid models across a variety of product categories. In some instances, they are product specialists. In other instances, they're direct reps. I would tell you that over the last 12 to 18 months, Trauma has been an area of focus for us.
David C. Dvorak: Okay, Matt. I mean, the reality of this Q1 performance is we're pretty balanced as between knees and hips. As you can see, it's mid-2% growth rates in each of those categories. I would tell you that I think that the geographic segments have done a pretty good job of balancing that focus. We've had, over the last year, a bit more in the way of new product opportunities on the hip side. I think that as we get deeper into this year, that's going to balance out and -- at least balance out, if not even tip, to the knee side as we enter 2013. So we're excited about the position that we're putting them into to compete on both knees and hips. And just geographically, I think that among the 3 segments that we operate under, we see the opportunity for more improvement in the Americas group than the o U.S. groups at this point in time in, frankly, both knees and hips.
David C. Dvorak: I think that it's a good question, because we're really excited about what's coming out of it the knee side, and I do feel good about our ability to balance that out. We have leveraging the technologies, Trabecular Metal, the best wear characteristics in polyethylene with Longevity. And now, a next-generation polyethylene with VIVACIT-E. And then you add to all of that the offerings that are in developments but have been previewed to some extent on the intelligent instrument front, and I think you have a really exciting hip package going forward.
David C. Dvorak: That's the right way to think about it, Joanne. I -- we would move through -- phase launch would start with developer release, and then move into a limited release and then a broader limited release and then leading up to a more general release. But then with these systems, even when you get to the point of a general release, you're pacing out instruments. It would be ultimately many, many sets -- thousands of sets of instruments. And so this will be a global launch that we look forward to in the coming few years as opposed to just a 12-month time period.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. Sorry, we're just not willing to do that at this point in time. It's a big project. It's a system that we're extraordinarily excited about, but we're going to work the process in a methodical way to serve the interest of the owners of the company here and get this one right, and we just don't want to get out ahead of it. So I apologize, but I can't share more at this point in time. And it's the same response with respect to Joanne to go down the path of naming features and benefits, it just would be premature for us to do that.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. So the themes of these product launches are personalized solutions across the various categories and a lot of technology development with respect to intelligent instruments to ensure that implantations are as accurate as they possibly can be that lead to better wear characteristics, better fit, feel and function for the patient. And so we have a lot rolling out across the various categories within knees, PSI for our eLIBRA Dynamic Knee Balancing System. On the revision side, the TM Cones and Augments and then ultimately bigger things with the next-generation knee system. Hips, we've launched and we're ramping up CLS Brevius with Kinectiv Technology. The Maxera large diameter head ceramic-on-ceramic outside the United States and, ultimately, as this year progresses globally, VIVACIT-E highly cross-linked polyethylene. Extremities, Anatomical Shoulder combined adapter is doing very well and is helping us there. We have other launches but they're fairly late in the year, so they are going to have less of an impact on 2012 but a significant impact on 2013. Trauma, we continue to expand our NCB Periprosthetic plate line. We have now fully rolled out the XtraFix External Fixation System. So those are big product areas for us within Trauma. Spine, we're doing very well with TM-S, the cervical -- Trabecular Metal Interbody, the inViZia Anterior Cervical Plate and we have more coming up in the way of launches with respect to buildout of pedicle screw systems in the second half of the year. Dental just now launched the TM Dental Implant, and beginning o U.S. with the Zfx CAD/CAM digital dentistry solutions package. Within the surgical line, we look to do big things with the SoPlus Power Tool Equipment line and then the Synvasive blade technology line. And then finally, we continue to ramp sales nicely under the biologics area with DeNovo NT, just launched Chondrofix and we'd hope to get into a full release of the Gel-One product line. So a lot going on.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Kristen. It was minus 2.8% in Americas, minus 1.0% in Europe and minus 0.7% in Asia-Pacific. And so the Q1 pricing as compared to the fourth quarter, we're at minus 1.6%. And as we said, it's minus 2.0% this quarter.
David C. Dvorak: ; It was a little bit in each of those categories, within 2 to 4 tenths in each of those categories per segment.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. And I think that you could see that bump up from negative 2% to negative 2.5%. But more than anything else, that's driven by the price headwind that we're going to be facing in Japan, which was a bit higher than what we had believed was going to be the case coming in the year. None of that for us reads as a fundamental shift in price headwind. And we're very confident we're going to be able to offset that. In other respects, we have a lot of opportunity to do so.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. We just -- we're not going to give you all the details on that at this point, but we'll try to help with the following. Right now, we're getting more mix in hips, but it's not fully offsetting the negative price. And we're getting some mix in certain geographic regions in knees but not offsetting the price. And so I do believe that with the coming product launches, we're going to be able to improve the mix to offset in hips and materially improve the mix to offset in knees. I will tell you that we still firmly believe that clinically relevant innovation can be received with price premiums. You have to be more cognizant of the stakeholders and the conditions that they're operating in to try to achieve the cost objectives at the same time that you're providing better patient outcomes. And so that means building out more empirical evidence to be able to have that discussion and land where you want to land in that discussion, but the opportunity is clearly there. So I think that right now, we're probably, overall, are on the low end in a consolidated basis of mix, helping the top line growth and profitability of the business. But I'm very, very confident that we're poised to improve that position in the coming quarters.
David C. Dvorak: We are. The revision is a component of the positive mix opportunity and that contributes. But I would tell you that overall, I don't think that there's a lot of positive mix in the knee market right now. Just because of the cycle of launches, I think that, that's going to change fairly significantly in 2013.
David C. Dvorak: I don't believe so. I mean, I just -- I don't believe that the demographics bear that out. The penetration rates for these solutions would have to decline and be sustained in a decline mode for that to become the case. So I still believe that you're going to tick up in procedure growth rates as the economic conditions stabilize.
David C. Dvorak: Good question. So I would tell you that with respect to mix, I do believe that we're going to sequentially improve in that regard. I would tell you that every quarter that goes by this year, we would expect to improve our mixed position, and that's going to be part of what drives top line growth. But probably more significantly in 2012, we're entering some new product categories, and so those are going to be significant growth drivers. As we get into 2013, the mix opportunity is going to become more significant across our large categories. So we're really optimistic about what we're going to be able to achieve with the right kind of innovation, which segues into the second part of your question. I think that whether you're talking about ACOs or bundling or, frankly, a lot of that discussion is premised upon gain sharing-type principles. And so I do believe that there's going to be a receptivity and engagement level for those models to move forward. But the discussion fundamentally is going to come back to innovation and service, and that's where we need to be forward-looking and understanding the environment that we're operating in, and we're very cognizant of those dynamics because I think at the end of the day, it is more of the same. Where you're having pricing discussions and fundamental value exchange discussions with the cost of that value, the cost of delivery from the customers' perspective. And if we innovate in a clinically relevant way and prove out the benefits of those innovations and we're cognizant of the cost objectives that the customers are going to have and the value proposition from their perspective, I think we're going to win in any of those environments, whether it's ACOs, bundling or the kinds of the pricing negotiations that we have currently.
David C. Dvorak: I don't believe it. I think that it can be the case with a very severe storm to where you might have a disrupted operating week because patients can't get in. But I think that, that stuff typically would even clean up within a short period of time, month, a quarter, unless they're just repeated storms. I don't think that there is too much to that theory. I do think that weather does impact the market within the Trauma sector, but I don't see it having a significant impact on the large joint side.
David C. Dvorak: Robotics, I will tell you that we are big believers in incorporating technologies, developing technologies to improve the precision with which these procedures are done. And a lot of that comes, obviously, into preparing the site, the bone cuts but as well a more sophisticated approaches to soft tissue balancing, precise location of implants. There's a lot to be done here, and I think it's a very exciting area of innovation. That said, that innovation needs to be fashioned in a way that recognizes the price pressure and the environmental factors that the customers are operating within. And I just don't think that the right solution is going to be an ultra-expensive piece of capital equipment than -- or expensive licensing fees to provide a service that arguably is -- they would argue, is a value driver. I believe that the right answer in that space is going to be technologies and solutions that are smaller, faster and cheaper than the robotics solutions at this point in time. Now that said, it's going to be all about how things evolve and what areas innovate more rapidly in a manner that's more responsive to the customers needs. But the platforms that we are rolling out, that we have been working on for several years, I firmly believe are going to be more responsive to that segment through the market and the needs than the current robotics solutions.  So I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on the second quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on July 26, 2012. With that, I'll turn the call back to you, Lachey.
James T. Crines: Sure. Yes, I think, Dan, when we spoke about a normalized level of growth, that was more with the longer-term view just to continuously reinforce in these discussions that these are procedure deferrals. These are not patients that go away or have another solution. And so the demographic drivers clearly are going to produce a good number of patients that need these solutions in coming years. And with the macroeconomic conditions being what they have, we just believe that there's been increased procedural deferment. And so when we talk about normalizing the market or normalized procedures, we're referring to the longer term dynamic of as the economy stabilizes and ultimately, at some point in the future, begins to improve and we're creating more jobs on a global basis, those patients are going to come back into the fold. And it just is a matter of when and what pace. So one quarter, and this is principally a comment that is directed towards the U.S. knee market performance, which as you'll recall was more heavily impacted by the economic downturn. And the thought was because of the pain pathology, it was a bit easier relative to hips to defer those procedures. So this uptake sequentially from Q4 to Q1 of this year in the market for U.S. knees is a positive sign. But that said, it's one quarter.
James T. Crines: We did see some slightly higher spending in SG&A in the quarter. Nonetheless, we're holding to the guidance we've given to the full year of 39.5% to 40.5%. So we're confident with the savings that we're driving and the transformation programs that we're going to be able to drive that leverage in the back half of the year. In fact, even in spite of the higher spending that we're projecting for the first half of the year, we're still seeing year-over-year improvement in SG&A. And just to give you some idea, those higher expenses that we experienced in the first quarter added approximately 90 basis points SG&A in the quarter when compared to the prior year, and they included, as we mentioned, recruiting and relocation costs associated with some of the hiring that we're doing, particularly around sales and marketing to support some of the efforts we have in place around these new platforms. And we did as well incur some higher expenses in the quarter related to legal matters, which are described in great detail on our periodic filings.
James T. Crines: And Joanne, this is Jim. Just coming back to the comment you made about the med device tax. At this point, the best that we can estimate is somewhere in the order of $50 million to $60 million pretax on 2013, and understand -- fully understand that we need to drive at an incremental $50 million to $60 million of savings out of these programs to fully offset that tax in 2013.
James T. Crines: Sure, this is Jim. And as we have indicated in our prepared remarks, we saw a 4-day increase in the day sales outstanding in the quarter on a consolidated basis, and that was driven by a combination of some of the growth we're seeing, frankly, out of emerging markets where we have some longer payment terms in place. But also by an increase in receivables in certain Southern European markets and, in particular, in Italy and Spain. We are providing some detail in our periodic filings around the balance of our net receivables as it relates to Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece. But I would tell you, Portugal and Greece are not really material relative to the larger receivable balances we have in Italy and Spain. It's something that we're paying very close attention to. It is the case, at least with respect to Zimmer, that we're seeing it in the public hospitals. We continue and we will continue to supply product into the public hospitals, but we're just not, at this stage, able to collect those receivables as quickly as we'd like to. There -- I would tell you a number of things that we understand, we need to continue to pay close attention to, to ensure that ultimately we do get paid for the products that are being supplied to those hospitals there. It's important to maintain really good documentation. We have an opportunity in those markets to have government officials, periodically certify what's owed and we work that process hard to ensure that when the funds are made available, and we continue to believe they will be. In fact, we know that there's a program that was just recently announced in Spain that we believe will result in some significant payment flow in the second half of this year with respect to our public hospitals receivables in Spain. So again, we're paying close attention to it. We're providing some detailed information in our periodic filings with respect to what those net receivable balances are in those countries, and we'll continue to do that.
James T. Crines: Sure. So we understand very well that in every point of decline in average selling prices can put somewhere in the order of 20 to 25 basis points in pressure on gross margin. We've talked, as David just did, about where we are with pricing and what our expectations are for the full year. And that certainly is something we've taken into account in the updated guidance we've provided on gross margin. As we said now, our expectation now for gross margin to be at or near the high end of the 74% to 75% range we provided at the beginning of the year. So those -- to the extent we've raised our expectation for the effect of currency translation on our top line from 1% to now 1.5% to 2%, there's some significant moderation in those hedge losses. We -- relative to what we were looking at the beginning of the year, they fully offset that slightly higher pressure we're getting on margin from pricing trends.
James T. Crines: With respect to 2012, that's correct. Obviously, getting down 2012, we'd be certainly looking for the manufacturing quality excellence initiative that would begin delivering some cost savings to offset some of that pressure, that negative price is putting on gross margin.
James T. Crines: Yes. Larry, without getting too deep into the weeds. If you were to go back and look at last year second quarter, you would have seen knee sales in Europe, we're up 9% in a market that was flat to maybe up in single digits. And while it didn't account for all of our growth, it was a significant contributor to that 9% growth. So hopefully, that gives you some sense of what we're up against.
