Ivan Tornos: Travis, Ivan here. Thanks for the question. I'll touch on both components of your question, and I'll make sure that Suky speaks up here as well. So starting with the algorithm on revenue, EPS and free cash flow. We're going to give more color in the Investor Day, but I will tell you today, as per the prepared remarks, this is a long-term commitment. So it's not a 2024 only deliver revenue above market, EPS above revenue and free cash flow above EPS growth. And unpacking the drivers here on revenue, it's all about new product introductions. We're going to gain share by delivering innovation that matters. 100 to 200 basis points, largely is going to come from new product introductions. And as we said all along, we got a pipeline that we didn't have before, 40 new product introductions over the next 24 to 36 months, more in the making. So that's the #1 driver on revenue in addition to obviously pricing dynamics and commercial execution.  On EPS growth, we're doing things differently when it comes to margin, I already mentioned pricing, but other components, how we think about inventory in excess and obsolescence, how we think about allocation of OpEx, where we get the greatest return, et cetera, et cetera. And the free cash flow, the main driver is the fact that we have run this company in quite an inefficient way when it comes to inventory management. North of 400 days on hand when it comes to inventory, not really engaging on prioritization of geographies. Portfolio management is not what it needs to be. So those are the key drivers on the sustainability.  I'll touch on #2, and then I'll give it to Suky. In terms of Q1 to Q2 to Q3 to Q4, what happens sequentially. Look, we're not going to get into the gymnastics on what happens quarter-over-quarter, all kinds of timing 1 quarter to the other. We call --  we're having similar conversations in Q4. Here is what I'd leave you with. Q1 was very strong. A 4.4% growth in constant currency, north of 6% in day rate.  As we see here, looking at the year, we were confident at the very beginning of the year in the guidance of 5% to 6%, a quarter behind, we're extremely confident on the guidance. The growth drivers that get us there are working in the right direction. So very, very confident, very proud of Q1. And again, we'll talk more about the dynamics at Investor Day. Suky?(43:40) 
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Thank you. Obviously, very excited in terms of this product launch. We did the first cases at the Mayo Clinic a couple of weeks ago. Feedback was very solid. It is a product that has a high degree of accuracy in the cuts in the visibility of anatomy. It is efficient from an instrumentation standpoint. It's fully interconnected with the rest of the CVH ecosystem. Case over case, the feedback was that you do achieve time efficiencies. So the learning curve is rather short.  So very solid clinical feedback. In terms of the impact, we said all along that we're going to take it slowly in the first, call it, 90 to 120 days. And you will see the real impact as we get closer to the end of the year. But a very meaningful product launch for the company. I'm very excited about it. Thanks, Steve. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes. No, we'll definitely cover the -- how we plan to achieve these 3 commitments we're making from a financial perspective in terms of what are the drivers of revenue, EPS and free cash flow. So we'll definitely provide those details. We'll cover the new product introductions, we've seen that. We'll talk about the capital allocation on the strategy moving forward. So it's going to be very robust. So that's the Analyst Day. 
Ivan Tornos: Thank you, Rick. I'll cover the Hip question, and then we'll proceed with the interrogation of Suky here when it comes to the margin. One product is not -- one product is not what's going to win the battle here, right? It is a category of products. We've been very transparent. We've not done great when it comes to hips over the last 3 or 5 years and essentially driven by 3 product categories. The first one is a direct anterior stem what is not in the market as a triple taper stem and it was a deficiency that we had. Z1 solves that and it does in a differentiated way. So now with this 510(k) approval, we compete with the 2 other large orthopedic companies in direct anterior. The second category was a surgical impactor. It drives efficiency, it drives accuracy in how you treat the cases. It integrates with the rest of the procedure. You need certain levels of power as you do in that hip surgery. So there is a surgical impactor and we have that with HAMMR, fully launched, we're going to run that up. And the first thing that we needed was to have navigation. We got true modalities navigation. Obviously, we've got ROSA Hip. We are the only company with a 510(k) FDA approved Mixed Reality Technology in our partnership with HipInsight. So again, it's not just Z1, it's the full portfolio. Direct anterior stems, surgical impactors and some sort of navigation. So I do believe and we do believe with a high degree of confidence that we're going to regain our old position in hips. We still remain the #1 hip company in the world, and I think that this portfolio accelerates our growth journey moving forward. 
Ivan Tornos: Absolutely. Thanks for the question. So let's start with the global picture, if you will, very excited in terms of where we are overall with ROSA. So globally, ROSA is becoming the preferred robotic option in many markets outside of the U.S. Here in the U.S., we're approaching around 20% penetration of ROSA in cases. As you saw in the quarter, we had a large amount of ROSA sales, which is encouraging because that means in the other category, that's encouraging because that's a future stream of net pull-through. About 1/3 of all the installs that we do in the U.S. go to an ASC environment, which, again, is not a surprise given the fact that ROSA does drive easier preplanning. You don't need to do a CT scan. It is very surgeon center, so it's very controllable. And we continue to see that there is a high degree of preference for ROSA in those higher volume accounts. So net-net, everything in the right direction in terms of penetration, where we are gaining traction in key markets around the world and a lot of the dynamic that we're seeing here in the U.S. ambulatory surgical center environment. 
Ivan Tornos: So we're starting to see a dynamic in where cases are moving to the ASC for shoulders, getting the CMS change. I would say today, probably around 60% to 65% of the cases of shoulder are now done in ASC, but that's moving pretty rapidly, given the change of reimbursement. And we've got a strong position both in the inpatient, outpatient as well as the ASC. But I would say net-net, is around 60%, 65% to 35% in terms of that mix. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Thank you, Caitlin. It's moving in the right direction. I will say, as of late, things are accelerating, both from an innovation and a commercial execution standpoint. So on innovation, we did receive recently the 510(k) approval for -- didn't make it to the press release for the study. So as the shorter stem version of Persona IQ, which has been a gating factor for some surgeons that don't use the longer stem. So that's an innovation and they are right there. The other piece that is gaining traction is the launch of what we call recovery curves. This is a platform that only Persona IQ has. Interconnects the data of the TAM with a dashboard that in a very objective way, can quantify how patients are doing in comparison to other patients with similar dynamics. So those are 2 innovation updates that are more in the right direction. In terms of the execution and commercial journey, we got what we need. We got the right designs. We've been talking about value proposition. It's been resonating. We are in some of the largest teaching institutions, and we continue to be committed to the journey. So very excited about Persona IQ. Thank you for the question. 
Ivan Tornos: No. We definitely are upgraded, if you will, some or for cementless -- legacy cementless platform over to Persona OsseoTi but at the same time, a sizable amount of the business coming from converting accounts. So you've seen that the U.S. knee number in the quarter was strong and a large component of that was the fact with pretty heavy comps, by the way, comes from the introduction of Persona OsseoTi and the expectation is that as we continue to move into the acceleration of the product launch, we're going to continue to gain share. So it's both existing accounts and new accounts. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes. We always have a robust pipeline. And we'll talk about the pipeline and the optionality of M&A in more depth once we meet in later in the month. But the same 3 key areas apply. We're looking for assets that are mission-centric from a strategic standpoint, fit in the higher-growth segments of Recon, certainly the high growth segments of S.E.T. as a category and then in the ASC space, which is a mixture of both 1 and 2. So we later focus on those 3 key areas while also keeping an eye on broader diversification. Financially, nothing has changed. We have flexibility to do larger deals, but we like deals where the acquisition price is under $2 billion. We definitely want to be neutral from an EPS standpoint within 2 years and then high single-digit ROIC to double-digit ROIC in the 5-year time horizon. So very clear on strategic and financial filters and the optionality is there and the pipeline is there. So more to come once we meet in New York. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Thank you, Chris. First of all, I wouldn't categorize our performance being below market. And we're going to have a healthy debate on whether it's above or below. But what I will tell you is that when we stay here right now, it is not below market. Certainly not from a training standpoint over a period of time and now that everyone is reported in Q1, we're not below market. So I'll start with that. In terms of how we get to the 5% to 6%, I think the formula continues to be product introductions, which will ramp up later in the year and even more product introductions as we get into 2025. We've never had 5.5, almost 6 years here with the company, I've never seen a poor portfolio. I mentioned earlier that we don't have any gaps in hips with the introductions that we have done in Knees, there's 0 gaps. I'm excited about the upcoming product launches in Europe. Let's not forget, we don't have Persona revision in EMEA. That's an almost $2 billion product here in the U.S., $2 billion over the last 4 -- 3, 4 years in gross sales. And let's not forget, we also bring in Oxford Partial Cementless from Europe here to the U.S. So strength in the knee portfolio, strengths in the hip portfolio. You've seen that S.E.T. we made a commitment that S.E.T as a category will grow mid-single digit or above. It's the third consecutive quarter where we're seeing that. And that's going to stay around. So I would say, strength in innovation, the strength in commercial execution and the 5% to 6% to us is an admissible commitment. 
Ivan Tornos: Absolutely. So closing the Q1 quarter approaching 20%. So it's fairly similar to robotics. So cementless is approaching 20%. We'll break down some of these commitments, we keep repeating the same answer at the Investor Day. But our expectation, our ambition is to be where our competitors are, 60% 6-0. We'll provide time lines in that regard, but the north star is to have robotic penetration in the 60% range and cementless penetration in the 60%. So the fact that today we're at 20%, that tells you that there is pretty significant upside, and we're excited about the journey. 
Ivan Tornos: So starting with robots and capital dynamics. Look, I will tell you one thing that is pretty prevalent is that here in the U.S., we've seen the cases move today, I see not a week goes by that is not a new ASC opening. And those ASCs do want to acquire robotics and you either install or you purchase it. And we saw a dynamic in Q1 where we saw more purchases. We do believe this is driven by ASC dynamics. Capital continues to be strong across key markets. So definitely not a gating factor. And again, as I mentioned early, excited about the continuity here. In terms of your second question on M&A, look, we want to be bigger and bolder, at the same time, we don't want to be reckless. And I will say that all along. So we're going to stick to the strategic and financial thresholds. We got the pipeline, we got the money. And when it is time to act, we'll act on it. And we're not going to take the past as an indicator of how we're going to do things in the present and future. The breakdown on the WAMGR, we'll cover that as well once we get into the Investor Day. And it is a combination of organic and inorganic means. So we'll talk about the pipeline. I already mentioned -- we already mentioned that 80%, if not 90% of the new products in the pipeline are in markets that are growing above 4%, in some cases above 5%. So that's definitely a driver and then the combination of tuck-in deals and maybe some bolder moves will get us to the WAMGR that we deserve. So more to come in that regard. Thanks for the question. I think we come in to the end of the call. So I'm just going to briefly close with closing comments. I will start by saying that it's great to be here at home in Warsaw, Indiana today to celebrate our Founder's Day. So May 2, 1927, we started the company with a very clear purpose to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. So 97 years later, I just can say that we're just getting started. So excited to see where we are as a company. It's an exciting time to be at Zimmer Biomet. The portfolio is where it needs to be. We have strong commercial execution. We are very, very confident on our guidance for the year 2024. We are excited about what is to come in '25 and '26 once we are able to discuss the long-range plan. So that is seen by confidence and excitement. And before closing, I want to thank Keri for 4.5 great years with us. You've been a trusted partner, a great friend. You're going to be missed, although I'm going to continue to call you and seek your advice in many, many years to come. So thank you, Keri, and thanks, everybody. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. I think Ivan summarized it really well, so I'll just try to build some incremental points here. I think at that mid-single-digit growth top line profile that Ivan mentioned, we do have a durable path to operating margin expansion as well as improvements in overall free cash flow conversion.  On the earnings outlook, this year, if you look at our guide, it's 6% to 8%, which, again, we reiterate and feel confident in. If you -- on an underlying basis, if you back out the step-up in tax rate that we saw at Pillar 2 as well as headwinds that I think everyone is facing on interest as well as FX, the underlying growth on the bottom line is much better than 6% to 8%, maybe 300 to 400 basis points better on an underlying basis, which puts us kind of in that high single digits, low double digits. And if you look at what we did in '23, I think we were also there.  As we look forward, using your words Travis, base case, et cetera, we think there's a pathway to low double-digit earnings growth. I wouldn't say it's our base case or our commitment. And again, we're going to provide more color on our Analyst Day. But as we think about margin expansion with revenue growth, we just want to make sure we've got the right investment profile to the company to make sure that, that growth is durable. So is that our base case, I wouldn't necessarily go there. I'd say we have a pathway there. But we're going to provide a lot more color in just a few more weeks. 
Suketu Upadhyay: I think overall we're in more favorable environment than we've been, let's call it, 3, 4 years ago. When you combine that with some of the structural changes we're making inside the company, that's -- I think those 2 things are really leading to better price performance. I'll tell you, I'm really impressed and optimistic about the cultural change, quite frankly, within Zimmer Biomet as I talked to distributors or field level reps and their desire to want to make sure that we're getting the value for the products that we bring to market. That's encouraging. And I think that makes it durable.  In the quarter, we were roughly flat. I do expect us to be -- when I set out the year, I thought we'd be 100 to 150 basis points of erosion. I think we're now under 100 basis points of erosion especially given what we saw in the first quarter. I don't expect that flat profile to continue through the rest of the year because we've got a number of things that happened at the back end of last year, especially in Europe where we took some pretty large price increases in devalue sort of currencies and markets that will sunset later on this year.  Also, we've got some new contracts that are coming up, which will create a little bit of pressure. So I don't expect that flat profile to continue through the rest of the year. But nonetheless, we're in a much better spot than we were a few years ago. And again, expect overall pricing to be somewhere under 100 basis points for the full year '24. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. I think Ivan said it really well in his opening remarks. We had a good start to the year, and it was great to see the better-than-expected performance in revenue. We saw a very good flow through all the way to the bottom. So I love the discipline that we've got throughout the company. I would say that this just reinforces and gives us more conviction in the guidance range that we provided earlier this year. 
Suketu Upadhyay: And Rick, it's Suky. Always good to hear from you. On the margin front, I know the past isn't always indicative of the future, but I'll just -- it is a good validation and proof point, I think, in our situation. Both '22 and '23, we're able to expand operating margins quite significantly, I would say, even in the backdrop of a pretty hostile inflationary environment. And so again, kudos to the entire [ CE ] team. In '24, we expect to do it again. And here's what I would say. We're doing it across the entirety of the P&L. First, through revenue growth and leverage our fixed costs. Secondly, we're making improvements in cost at a rate that we've not done before through inventory reduction, site optimization, reductions in E&O. We're even getting more efficient inside of R&D and looking at, hey, do we really need all this sustaining and how can we rationalize some of our portfolio, migrate our customers to better products, get rid of some of these products, which then reduces the amount of sustaining engineering, which we can then mix shift into NPI. We're getting it through SG&A. We're getting it through better allocation of capital and reducing our cost of debt. The beauty of that is when you have multiple shots on goal to improve operating margins, even if things go unexpectedly from a macro perspective or a micro perspective, we have other levers to continue to help us pull margins as we move forward. And so the thing I'll leave you with is it's not just in one area of the company, it's throughout the entirety of the P&L, and we feel confident about where we're going. And quite frankly, and I love what Ivan's bringing. He's bringing his owner-operator mindset to the company. He's got the company thinking not just about top line, but all the way through cash, cash being king, and I think that's really driving a culture change within our company as well. So I'm optimistic on where we're going, Rick. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. Yes. So we had a pretty strong quarter in our other category, primarily driven by ROSA Capital. So we saw good installs. And we saw a higher mix of sales versus placements which drove a higher level of dollar revenue in that quarter. The good news is we saw a lot of new placements and new ASCs, which is exactly where we want to see ROSA's position and the capital sales were very good. We also love placements because that comes with a longer-term commitment. Our expectation is that we'll step down from what you saw in the first quarter as we move throughout the year, and that's been assumed in our guidance reiteration. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. Mike, directionally, the way you think about it, right, I wouldn't quite go as low as that. But look, quarter-to-quarter, there's going to be choppiness. There's going to be noise based on timing, contracts, et cetera. We had a great start to the year. We continue to believe and reinforce our guidance and still believe that the first half is going to land as we expected to when we initially gave guidance. So nothing in particular about the quarter of note, but just the overall cadence, that's how we expect first half versus second half to play out this year. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. No real -- in any given quarter, there's going to be puts and calls, both in gross margin and operating margin, but nothing material or out of the ordinary. We did a little bit better on gross margin than we expected to. We saw that flow through in the operating margins. So we feel really good about the start of the year. As we progress through the year, we do expect operating margins to step up in line with normal seasonality as revenue continues to step up and other savings programs pull through. So again, very confident in where we're headed from an earnings perspective in our guide. And if you recall, I think we said on the last quarterly call that at the midpoint, that implies about an 80 basis point lift in operating margin, and we're still confident in that. 
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes. So Robbie, just a little bit of a correction. I'm not sure if I caught everything you said or understood, I should say everything you said. Fourth quarter will be our high watermark relative to operating margin in line with that being our high watermark from a revenue perspective. And so our margin does, in many ways, correlate heavily to our revenue outlook. Relative to the cadence, I'm not going to -- in consensus I'm not going to sort of benchmark relative to that. I think we've actually given pretty good color already around the first half, second half revenue cadence. I've talked about gross margins crossed a 100 in the first half, second in the back half and then operating margins improving in the back half of the year due to restructuring overall. So I think there's actually pretty good color out there in line with how we've traditionally been transparent. So hopefully, that gives you enough to go from. 
