Bryan Hanson: Yeah. So, thanks for the question. So, I would say it's not as simple math as that, but it's pretty close. Because you've got to remember, certain portions of our business would not have patients that would have a disease state that continues to – [indiscernible] to deal with, and so not all of our revenue then is linked to procedures that have been deferred. But, if I take those that are, and we also have kind of a percentage that we would assume will drop out of the funnel, we still have a very sizable backlog, hundreds of millions of dollars. So maybe not quite the number you're referencing, but the math logic makes sense when you peel out some of those old pieces. Now relative to the cadence or speed at which we're going to digest those patients it is difficult to predict. I mean, we've never experienced anything of this size and magnitude in global impact. And so, I don't know that I have a perfect proxy to determine how quickly we can actually work through that backlog of patients, but my general feeling is easy to look at just historical views of this, although much smaller and different. It's usually 12-months to 18-months, you typically work through a backlog funnel. My guess is it will take at least that long, given the size and the magnitude of the backlog that we're talking about here. And it's going to be different. It's going to be different depending on where you are in the world. Certain places in the world will move that backlog through much faster, and other places will go a lot slower, because the incentives are not there just to be able to digest again that patient flow as quickly. So again, I guess the takeaway is, it should be a very large backlog of patients. That will be pretty substantial dollars for us to be able to take advantage of this tailwind, but the timing of that, the speed at which we work through is, we're just not sure yet.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, sure. We're actually waiting for the FDA approval right now. We're ready to go, obviously we're prepared and ready to launch. We've worked through our commercialization strategy. We did a really nice job about complements team here in getting a third-party engagement to do a pretty comprehensive survey of what we could expect upon commercialization price points, what people are willing to pay for it, and how interested people are for the data capture, and using that data from a remote patient monitoring perspective. So, I think we're really well-prepared for the commercialization. But at the end of the day, you can't do anything until you get the FDA approval. So that's what we're waiting on. And when we get that, we'll be moving forward. My guess is, we'll be able to launch this over the next handful of months. But what I would just emphasize is right, this is a unique launch for us, it's first of its kind. We're going to take our time. We're going to do a limited launch this year. I wouldn't expect material revenue in 2021. The full launch would really come towards the end of 2021 or 2022. But we really want to make sure that we're concentrating on a few customers, going deep with those customers, really understanding data capturing the value that it brings, and then from there going in a more widespread way. Now, if we pick up information quickly and our confidence level grows more quickly than we're expecting, then you could see a difference this year than what I'm predicting right now, but I would think about it as launch this year, obviously, more limited in the way we would do that launch, and then a more aggressive launch, more full launch as we come into 2022.
Bryan Hanson: For us, I think it matters right out of the gate. To me, I look at this as first of all, absolutely, IQ was part of that stand that I talked about for the ZB ecosystem, right. And I think about ZBEdge, it is a very unique part of it, too. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're an implant company. This is where our bread and butter is for sure. But what we want to do is, we want to elevate beyond that to make sure that we've got an ecosystem around it. And IQ, although extremely important in that is a variable in the overall equation. You still got mymobility that we connect with IQ, which would connect with ROSA. And OrthoIntel is kind of a backdrop to that, and would allow us to be able to collect data on a patient before surgery, interactively post-surgery, and then be able to use those data ultimately to change the way we care for the patient. And that's what's so exciting about it. And so, I think you can't really compare this to a typical knee implant or another implant. And the timeline it might take up to drive real traction or materiality in the market, because it's that unique. It really is a connection point to this broader capability that just does not exist today. So it'll be interesting to see. We've got a pretty, pretty ambitious plan that we have in front of us. And the feedback so far from our valuating surgeons has been very strong.  And just generally in the marketplace, this desire to have data and be able to use the data to have better insights to be able to provide different care, better care is real. And ultimately, what we're so excited about is, as we collect data right out of the gate, we're first to market obviously with a smart implant. But as we collect data, we'll stay out ahead of folks, because that data is really where the magic is.  The implant is interesting. You can listen to it right away. But as you collect a certain amount of data over a period of time, that is actually what provides the insights that are going to matter in the future. And so that gives us an opportunity to stay ahead. So we're very excited about it. It is part of that R&D spend. And we believe that it has the opportunity to have a better ramping curves than in a typical implant, just because it's so unique.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. So, what I would say is that it really varies depending on which customer you're talking to, what part of the world you're talking to them in. But, Suky maybe you could just provide a little more color on that, just to give a view of how we're thinking about the back half, and our view of how much backlog or not come through in the back half.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, absolutely. I won't give specifics between the two businesses, but just know that both businesses did better than we expected in the quarter. Dental definitely was a stronger of the two. But, we know we're excited about seeing that progress. And it was a big, important quarter for us. Because, remember, this is really the first full quarter, when the organization knew about the spin, really understood the spin. And there was always that risk, obviously, when you announce something like that, there could be some disruption. As you can tell, we're not seeing disruption, if anything, we're actually seeing momentum, which is great. But, I would say on the cervical disk side, I kind of like the idea of others entering the market, because ultimately, I truly do believe that cervical disc is a better way to go in fusion. So if we have more people entering the space talking about it, I think we've got an opportunity to convert more of the businesses out there today in fusion, that's really the target. If we can increase the size of the cervical market, that's a good thing for everybody, good thing for patients, good thing for the overall business. And it's an area we're going to continue to focus on. We're going to make sure that we shore up the customers that we have today, but we're going to continue to sell, and proactively get conversions. Another big opportunity for us in spine is the Tether. I mean, it really is a unique technology for us, it helps scoliosis patients in a way that they cannot get otherwise. And that product is on fire, it's doing a great job. And it's extremely mission-centric to the organization. So that just kind of gives you a general overview. Again, happy with both businesses, dental was stronger in the quarter, but spine did also well.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. I think it would be nice to have for sure. In reality, it already exists. So, we believe that it will be something that people will be able to access, but we're going to make sure that we get smarter on that topic and help our customers understanding that detail as well. We don't believe it's the requirement though for uptake, I really do believe that people see this as an opportunity to capture the data, and through the data, be able to provide better care. A couple things that I would say about that is, this is just the beginning. We've had a very strong relationship with Canary. It's a relationship that will go on for many, many years. And, it's not just -- it's going to be for hip, it's going to be for shoulder, there's going to be a whole pipeline of technologies that will launch.  This is just the beginning of the beginning, if you will, for sensors. And this idea of a closed loop is being able to have mymobility applications in each of the areas that we play, having smart implants, as well, having ROSA applications, having OrthoIntel that connects the dots across those, that is something that, ZBEdge ecosystem that we're going to use in each of the areas that we play. So we're pretty excited about it. And so, I guess, to sum it up to say, the remote patient monitoring reimbursement is a great thing to have, and I think it's warranted, but it's not the reason why we believe we're going to get up thinking this. We truly do believe it's the data capture and what that data can tell us what's going to drive it.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. Just quickly maybe hit that backlog, recovery and Suky I'll turn it over to you. Yeah, Europe is typically one just based on the healthcare model there, that is a little slower to work through backlogs. The incentives just are not the same as you have in say, the U.S., for instance. So we would expect that to be a little slower in capturing the backlog. But interestingly enough, just because it's running behind probably will have one of the biggest backlogs as a percentage, right, help you look at the overall backlog versus the revenue in that region. And it will likely take the longest to work through just based on what we just said. But Suky, outside of that maybe you can provide more color on our thinking, on why we believe it's going to be lagging behind.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, thanks. It's interesting, because I referenced that for sure, but actually, if you go back three or four quarters, we probably already in a share taking mode for hip. So just want to make sure that I give a complement to the team there. Having here complete has been a great launch. But just the portfolio that we had before once it gets fly out of the way, that team is really executing well. So I don't want to discount the fact that if you do look at the last three or four quarters, and you look at the other players in the market, we've done well versus the overall market. The confidence though in sustaining that goes up with a ROSA Hip application. So it's more of the confidence in being able to sustain what's already happened and potentially even buoy it further. And our goal here would be able to launch that in the back half. Again, the good news is we have a lot more experience with ROSA now, so our confidence level to go more to almost an immediate full launches there. So you're going to see a lot less time spent in limited launch for either partial or ROSA Hip. And we did -- we are going to a tailwind -- a significant tailwind for some time to come.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. We've done a lot of work with Bill and team over Canary. A great, great team over there, by the way, just really good people. And, yeah, we've solidified a very long-term relationship, basically, perpetual, with proprietary use of the technology in all areas that we play, all areas that we placed. So we are excited to be able to start to work on a very robust pipeline of technology. We've got to look at miniaturization, we've got to look at battery consumption, we've got to look at different form factors that would allow us to use the sensor in other implants. And that's something that we're going to be heavily concentrating on. And so, it's much broader than just knee [ph]. And the two organizations work really well together. And we're excited about the opportunity.
Bryan Hanson: I think, it's probably a little bit of both, potentially. I mean, if I think about it, the way I would think about this is in hip, you've got pretty good outcomes right now. It's different than -- you still have most people that get hip procedure that that ultimately feel like, they don't remember having it, because it functions pretty well. Whereas a knee is we always talk about really good 20% of patients that are a little frustrated with the outcome, because they don't get exactly what they expected. But on the hip side, because of that, most surgeons don't want to disrupt their flow, right. They don't want to take more time to do a procedure. And the key things that we do for ROSA perspective is to try to keep that pick -- that surgeon flow, that procedure flow, pretty consistent with what they're used to, and not as a result of that change the amount of time it takes to do a hip procedure. And I think that will be a very important differentiator here. We're not going to change the time needed to do this. A couple other things that will be different about this is it is a painless application of robotics to be a first that we'll see in hip. We don't have to place these pins basically drill into the bone of the leg, to be able to have the robot know where the body is in space. So that's going to be unique to us. The other thing that we're going to focus on here is the application out of the gate is going to be for direct anterior approach, which we know is the fastest growth subcategory hip right now. And it's a challenging procedure, because you don't have great visualization. And it's difficult as a result of that it’s a tough placement right. We're going to make both of those things easier through the ROSA application that we have. So we think the Avenir Complete implants, we think with this ROSA application, not taking more time to be able to do this the, painless application, and being able to allow people to see where they can see and place the cup where they need to place, it is going to be a big deal. That's what we're betting on.
Bryan Hanson: Okay. So maybe I'll start quickly with that. We had a really strong quarter, again, as a reference pretty similar to what we saw in Q4 of last year. And I think, I want to be a little cautious there, because those are two exceptional quarters, and I feel very confident in our pipeline, but I wouldn't necessarily say that that becomes a new trend. And those are great, great quarters, for sure. And again, the pipeline is strong. And I would say that my confidence level is extremely high that the overall placements this year will definitely be more than last year. But I just don't want people to think that those quarters are going to be every quarter from here on out, even though the pipeline is pretty strong at this point. From a geographic mix standpoint, we continue to see really good traction OUS. So I've been very pleased with that, Asia Pacific in particular, but also Europe, Middle East and Africa. So it's been a good distribution around the world of robotic placements, which is one of the key things we wanted to concentrate on. So really strong quarter, the pipeline is very strong, Partial and ROSA Hip are going to help us with that, obviously. And that geographic distribution is a positive for us. On the Signature ONE planner, yeah, I mean, we're excited about it. I mean, until every single procedure uses pre-surgical planning, we're not finished. We truly do believe it is a better way to care for patients. If you don't know what you're getting into relative to the anatomy, how can you be as prepared as you should be to be able to do the procedure. So we want to make it easier for a surgeon to be fully prepared for that patient, knowing what they're going to deal with when they're in surgery. And pre-surgical planning allows that to happen.  And the real benefit to us is that, number one, we feel the mission of the organization because we're going to do a better procedure, we truly believe that. And number two, we get that sidebar benefit of mix that more revenue per procedure, because if you know the anatomy challenging you're going to be dealing with, you're probably going to be able to get augments ahead of time and you're going to be able to ensure that you've got guides that you're going to need, and that's incremental spend, appropriate spend but incremental spend in the procedure. So that's the benefit for us. But just know that, no matter what the increases that we talked about on a quarterly basis, sequentially, until we get 100% penetration, we're absolutely not finished there.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. We don't want to provide specific breakdown of that next, but just know that we got multiple ways that you can place robotics and we track based on what the customer demand or need is. And we usually don't give any specific dollars, relative to what we can do with ROSA in a specific quarter. But again, I'll just reiterate the fact that, that it was a positive quarter for us, ROSA. And it was a big benefit. And again, the most important thing isn't really the either the quarter that these are placed, it's the tailwind that they create on a go forward basis, because now you've got an opportunity to be able to build revenue around those robotic systems. And what we do when we place these, you get a commitment to competitive conversions.  But what we're finding is attracting this is that whatever we thought we were going to get, we actually get more. And a lot of times, it's not even in the knee business, it's in other businesses that just kind of come to it. It's almost like a halo effect that occurs in the product category. So, it's always important, we concentrate on obviously what happens in the quarter. But more than anything, it's the annuity value of this that occurs post that placement. And I'm just going to say, maybe with a quick close here, I know we get an alpha spec over to you care of it to close it out, but I just want to make sure that every focus a little bit of attention, I know that there's a ton of focus right now on trying to predict the exact moment that the pandemic is behind us and as a result of that the impact on 2021. And it's important, believe me, we're spending a lot of time on it too. But in reality, that's kind of the short-term thinking right now, in where I'm spending more of my time that organization is spending more of our time is, what does this look like post the pandemic, when it truly is fully behind us. And I kind of think of it in a few ways, number one, right out of the gate, the obvious thing is, we're going to have a backlog of patients that's kind of buoy the market growth for some period of time. I said before, I can't predict the amount of time it is, but there's clearly going to be at least a year or more of this backlog that when the pandemic has gone, it's going to be able to get this kind of extraordinary growth in the marketplace. And that's exciting, although not obviously sustainable beyond that. But there are other things that we're looking at now that truly give us a view that we could potentially reshape the curve of these large joint growth markets. And, big things for us kind of threefold. And the way I think about it, is there's no question is technology revolution is happening in orthopedics. We're going to help drive it, but others are doing it as well. And when that occurs, you're going to get a mixed benefit, you're going to see revenue premiums for every procedure, as this technology is adopted. If you think about that over a five year period of time, as you get higher adoption, that clearly has an opportunity to drive up the growth rates of the market. Now, we got to do it, until you actually get it done, it doesn't happen. But the fact is, we see a pathway through technology advancements to be able to bend the curve of these growth markets. The other thing that does too in my view or could do is that there's some hurdles associated with having this type of an ecosystem, this connected ecosystem. And that's going to create barriers to entry into the space where there really wasn't a lot before. And that gives you the byproduct benefit of longer-term contracts, deeper relationships with your customers, and probably better pricing stability. So those are something else that we're looking at with this technology. And I think the third one, I think, very important as we get better outcomes for patients and the confidence level goes up for these procedures, I truly do believe there are patients on the sidelines today that should be getting the procedure but are fearful of it. When they start to hear better outcomes, more technology, you may see some of those patients out of the funnel. Again, all these things are potential building blocks. As we think about the future of orthopedics, it can make the space much more attractive. We got to deliver on it. They're not guaranteed. We got to make sure that it happens. But that's where we're focusing our attention now to make those things a reality. So, I just want to leave you with those thoughts, because that's an exciting future, I believe for orthopedics. Keri, I'll turn it back to you.
Suky Upadhyay: Sure. Hey, Bob, good morning. So, before I get into Q2, I think it's important to reflect on Q1 for a moment. Versus 2020, we were up just under 100 basis points versus the prior year, better than our commentary earlier in the quarter where we expected to be down low-to-mid-single digits, and that was really because of the sharp uptake, as I talked about in March, primarily in the U.S., and we saw greater stabilization, faster stabilization in Asia Pacific than we expected. That more than offset a lingering headwind or below expectations for EMEA. Versus 2020, things get a little bit choppy because of the comparisons to prior year and COVID. But if you look at Q1 versus 2019, we were down and that implies about 8%. And as we exited March, we were also down versus 2019. Now, our guidance moving forward when compared to 2019, assumes sequential improvement in growth rate in Q2, Q3, and Q4. So far as we've entered into Q2, we've got confidence in that shaping for Q2. We expect to exit the second quarter at about 2019 levels, not for the full quarter but as we exit. And inside of that, we expect Asia Pacific to be above Q2 of 2019, the Americas about flat-to-slightly up, and EMEA continuing to lag. And again, the early start that we've seen so far in the second quarter, gives us positive proof points and confidence that we'll see that sequential step up in the second quarter.
Suky Upadhyay: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. So Q2, again, we expect to be sort of a transitional quarter as we get into the back half of the year, guidance assumes sort of normalized growth rates to historic levels, or '19 levels. Inside of that, we would expect if you looked at sort of the midpoint of our guidance range, that, first of all, we expect COVID to continue to linger in many markets within the second-half of the year. But broadly offsetting that will be some additional capacity that comes through hospital systems and other markets to basically net that out. And that's not uncommon. We saw that in the third quarter of last year, when we look at our results as COVID was stabilizing, you saw hospitals actually increased their capacity to start to bring that backlog through. So again, at the midpoint of our range, we kind of assumed that lingering COVID is out there in certain markets, but that's offset by additional capacity in other markets. So net-net, you're effectively keeping your backlog steady. For the bottom end of our range, we assume that COVID has a bigger impact than that backlog pulled through. And at the upper end of our range, we assume that backlog capacity, more than exceeds the COVID pressure that we expect to see lingering through the second-half of the year. So that's kind of how we see, again, we did see those proof points in the third quarter of last year. And as we expect to see, pull-through through this year and the backlog we expect it to resemble very much what we saw in the third quarter of last year.
Suky Upadhyay: Yeah, sure. So on the restatement, first of all, good to talk to you, Robbie. We did do it to provide a little bit more color into what's happening in our base knee business. So you've captured the moving parts correctly. We provide a lot of detail as to what those comparisons are. We're not going to break it down much further. But if there are additional questions after this, our IR team is happy to go through any additional quarterly breakdown. But overall, we think that that's a good move, especially in the backdrop of -- we hope are going to be some expanding and growing indications for ROSA Robotics. So this will help clarify what's actually happening in those underlying indications relative to based business and capital sales. Cash flow, overall, operating cash flows were about $245 million, with free cash flow about $145 million. It was a little bit lower than we had last year. Remember, that first quarter is seasonally lower than other quarters throughout the year. That's primarily because we have a lot of big payments that have in the first quarter around prior year rebates, as well as employee bonuses. There are a number of other things that happened in the first quarter that seasonally make that number lower. In this quarter, two key things. One is we built some excess inventory. So working capital was higher. We do see a market recovery coming later this year. And we want to make sure that we've got a sufficient supply to meet that market demand. So one, we think that that was the right move. Secondly, from a working capital standpoint, receivables were a bit lower than expected. If you remember, we had a pretty low fourth quarter of last year, that income or that cash comes in the first quarter of this year. And because of those lower sales, you're seeing less cash receipts in the first quarter of this year. So again, not out of expectation for us, first quarter is generally lower. And those are some of the moving parts inside and inventory being a piece because we are excited about the recovery that's coming. We will, as you can see from our guidance, expect a step up in overall cash flow through the rest of the year.  I'd say it's more bias towards the second-half of the year. And it's really predicated on two things, higher earnings relative to greater sales in the back half of the year, as we've talked about on our revenue guidance. And the second thing is we would expect to see some improvements in working capital, and bringing those inventories down for the rest of the year, as we worked down that inventory we built this year in anticipation of the market recovery. So hopefully that gives you some additional color on free cash flow.
Suky Upadhyay: Yeah, I think you summarized it well, Bryan as major is the vaccination rates are a bit slower than we had originally expected. Outside of that, outside of a EMEA, we also expect a few markets throughout Latin America, as well as the Asia Pacific to continue to lag, just based on so far the vaccination trend that we've been seeing. Hopefully, the vaccinations begin, the vaccines begin to roll out as robustly as they have in the U.S. globally. But until then, we expect COVID to continue to have a lingering impact on elective procedures.
Suky Upadhyay: Yeah. So, Pito thanks for the question. One of the comments I made earlier in my prepared remarks are about the seasonality and we're going to start to see that resembled war, pre-COVID cadence than what we saw in 2020. So, we would expect, again, Q2 to resemble that Q2, and Q4 tend to be our stronger quarters from a revenue perspective. These tend to see a little bit of seasonality and a dip in the third quarter. And we think that that's the same shaping for this year, perhaps not as pronounced as you would see in a undisturbed pre-COVID environment. But again, beginning to resemble what we experienced in 2019. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more on shaping of our revenue and our P&L cadence as we move through the year.
