David Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. Zimmer's third quarter was highlighted by solid sales across key products and geographies. Our performance continues to be driven by innovative systems such as the Persona need, which incorporates premium technologies that we leverage across our differentiated portfolio, including Trabecular Metal technology in the Vivacit advanced bearing material. For the balance of 2014 we'll be committing significant energy to the ongoing integration planning for our pending combination with Biomet, while continuing to deliver a compelling value proposition, the patients providers and healthcare institutions in the 45 billion musculoskeletal market. And now I'd like to ask Britney to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Well I think that you point out the seasonality trends and I think that's the thing to focus on. We wouldn’t expect our performance to fall off relative to the market and these categories the positive trends will continue by product category and by geography and we look to continue to improve the sales execution in the Americas in particular. But as you reflect back on the fourth quarter of 2013, it was a pretty significant procedural shift into their quarter and that really was the area that one has to be careful about as we look to project Q4 market growth rates within the United States on the large joint side in particular.
David Dvorak: I'll pick up with the first part of your question Bob. This is David. We're very, very pleased with the integration planning as it relates to the combination. I'll tell you that the chemistry of the Group has been terrific. The energy level has been extremely high. We've had opportunities and part of this is enhanced by the sort of the co-location benefit of the headquarters, but I would tell you globally leaders have set a very good tone, a very constructive tone of the integration planning work and that's cascaded down as these teams have expanded. At all levels of the organization I think that part of that is just a credit to the leadership and the Biomet leaders in particular, I want to applaud their efforts. It's very commendable the approaches they take, but I would tell you that the other element of it that one can't fake at some level, is just the underpinnings and premises for the deal are unmistakable to folks as they get into the planning and look at the benefits of combining these portfolios, combining the R&D efforts, the strength of the combined distribution channels and on and on, one can clearly see that this is going to be a leadership position that can make a big difference for all stakeholders involved. And that is establishing the positive tone in combination with the approach that the leaders are taking. So we're right on track if not ahead of the planning efforts relative to what we were anticipating or looking to achieve going back to the announcement date in April and on the distribution side in particular, that you referenced/ I think that's not really well because at the sales level they can see the benefits of the combined portfolios and they can understand the logic to the combined R&D efforts and what a difference that can make in the environment that we're going to be operating in and the differentiated opportunity that we're going to have to provide better solutions to enhance patient outcomes and to do that in an increasingly cost efficient for the customers and help shape how those solutions are delivered to the marketplace. So all is on track if not ahead of schedule and then I would tell you that the tone and the attitudes are even more positive than what I had hoped for.
David Dvorak: Well again, the timing of the close is a pretty big assumption of whether or not you assume it's going to be at the beginning or the end of the first quarter and we provided a bit more detail on average shares in my scripted comments. It's not something we had done earlier and are doing that in an effort to provide as much sort of detailed support as we can at this stage.
David Dvorak: We would see that the current trends as being stable and nothing environmentally changing in a material way Matt that would cause us to at this point believe that the future shorter and intermediate term will look materially different. If you reflect back on the guidance that we came into the year in our January call, we said that we were expecting 2% to 3% negative price in the year and Q1 was minus 2.3%, Q2 was minus 2.8%, Q3 minus 2.2%. So very tight within that band and more importantly and substantively to your question, the activities that surround those dynamics are consistent with expectations. So holding to that same band for the balance of this year, will give you some specific guidance and color as we get into next year and provide 2015 guidance, but nothing that we see right now would cause us to believe that the environment is going to change dramatically.
David Dvorak: Sure, and all integration planning is ongoing at this point in time Mike. I think that the disclosure that you're referencing the plans that were put in place by Biomet and so that disclosure is a specific I guess there's anything that is out there publically. Those were programs that were designed really pursuant to the negotiation process and the diligence process and we were very supportive of, but Biomet management and Board's decision to put those programs in place, I think that they continue to serve that entity well from whatever we can see within the market place. The balance of the cost of those integrations are just lumped up at this point in time and the best estimates that we had at the time of the announcement Mike is what the integration cost would be and just -- we put that out there as just being a certain multiple of the anticipated net synergy benefits. But we will be able to firm up those numbers as we lock down the plans and I would be really confident that by the time the closing rules are around, we're going to be able to give you a really specific guidance as to what the all-in integration numbers are going to look like and the pace of retrieving the benefits of the synergies etcetera.
David Dvorak: Yeah that’s a great question. I would tell that if you look at the portfolios, there are significant opportunities in all product categories Matt. I think that the complementary natures within large joints might from the outside world appear to be a bit more nuance because both of these companies have fairly comprehensive portfolios to begin with. But those nuances can make a big difference to the sales force as well and I’ll tell you some of the product fares that we've had consistent with the diligence and integration planning have revealed opportunities that have the sales forces on both sides very excited within the large joint side. It really takes on a bit of different dimension when you get into the smaller business that your reference however because those businesses for each company have been challenged by scale historically and when you bring the product portfolios together on day one, you have some really significant enhancements whether material gaps that get filled. But then very, very importantly there are kind of couple of big benefits to the combination as it relates to those business that include the capability to have much more scale or R&D pipeline so the cadence of what's going to come out of the development effort is going to be much, much more regular for those smaller business. We're going to be able to get to the point where we have scale very competitive portfolios and then we were reinvesting in those portfolios and keeping the sales force engaged, excited, and getting out of ahead rather than filling gaps, which is kind of the trap the end up stuck within subscale. So I think that dynamic changes in a very material way. And then secondly, the thing I would point you to just the capability to build out specialized sales forces at the rep level for instance in those different product categories, which again historically because of the scale challenges has been difficult for either company to do fully. But we really do see our way towards being able to build out specialized sale forces of the rep level wherever that makes sense wherever that customer call point justifies that kind of an investment. So that's going to put us in a much stronger position. The combined product bag and the focused sales force is going forward.
David Dvorak: Well I think that you could see some evidence of some anniversarying out of some of those trends that have created the pressure. I just think it's premature to project things going into positive territory. I think that the stability message is the one that we would use or refrain at this point in time, but the scenario that you put out there is a possibility of some point in the future.
David Dvorak: Those teams are really doing a great job Joanne with sales execution. So largely the same portfolio, same competitors, the local dynamics can be a bit difference, but I don’t think those should be categories as being material. Those sales teams are just doing an excellent job on the execution side and that is in the first quarter that we have seen that. In Q2 you saw the same very strong knee performance coming out of Europe, Middle East and Africa as well as the very strong hip performance coming out of Asia Pacific. So those cross earnings are the types of things that we wanted to transfer back to other markets and I think the big positive that one should take away from that and this is what we communicate internally to the teams is you have the portfolio necessary to compete effectively. But look, some of the trends that you saw within the United States Market sequentially from Q2 to Q3 show some important improvement in these categories as well, a pretty significant step up in knees for example and slight improvement in hips. So we are going to keep working forward and try to post some numbers on the broad that look consistent with that high-end performance for Asia Pacific on hips and the high end performance for EMEA on knees.
David Dvorak: Sure. The timelines that we put on and updates publically are what there is to say about that formally. You know there is a bit more of a formalized chronology that's been put out between now and the coming weeks and through the month of March even in the case of the European filing. The U.S. process is ongoing a little bit more of a rolling basis. We're making a good progress and I think I would just say by way of general characterization is that process is tracking absolutely consistently with the diligence that we did prior to announcing the deal and what we are articulated at the time of the deal announcement back in April. So everything is running on course and from a timing prospective consistent with our expectations leading us to just reiterate that we have the belief that we will close the deal in first quarter of 2015.
David Dvorak: Sure David. First when we just say we're thrilled to get a question this quarter on spine. We're really proud of the team. This is the team that’s been together for several years. They are the ones that develop a very intelligent strategy and approach to running that business and importantly to what they were going to focus on by way innovation. Largely that team has been focused from a development effort on the core fusion market and they’ve just been methodically and dogged in executing those plans and at the same time strengthening the distribution channel. So I believe that what you saw in Q3 is a shape of things to come by the spine division. And we're probably in the mid innings of building that portfolio out at this point David and you're seeing just the beginnings of the benefits of them executing that strategy with these products rolling out. We have about a dozen product launches this year. So a really robust pipeline that has been a combination of pure internal and some mix of external development through licensing and distributional arrangements, but the primary drivers have been the internal projects that include projects like Virage and the benefit of those systems is obvious, right. You strengthen the outer body and it shores up you capability to get the inner body device within those procedures and increasingly that team is positioning itself to become much, much more competitive in sought of the teaching institutions and academic centers because we are shoring up our deformity and conflicts in trauma offerings. That will continue and I would say that over the course of the next 12 to 24 months those programs will continue to produce very important launches that will complete round up the core fusion line. So I think we're in a really good position to start posting consistently positive above market growth numbers and I think it's just going to get stronger in the next 12 to 24 months.
David Dvorak: Yes and I think that you could certain see that in what we articulated happened and we were able to drive within the market on the knee side for instance David within the quarter. I think some of the hesitancy on that is understand from everyone’s prospective just the seasonality shift that may be going on primarily within the United States market, but even though U.S. where there are national healthcare systems that are either dialing up or down procedure rates because of our security measures or disciplines in that regard. You get a little bit of lumpiness. So that said, we've had really consistent and good performance in the OUS markets. So I think that the underlying procedural demand for the solutions is just unmistakable and may be a topic that hasn’t come up in this call, but you can certainly see that in the emerging markets. We continue to perform very, very well in the emerging markets and those penetration rates are low growing classes of folks that are going to be future patients within those markets expanding infrastructure that deliver those solutions and so we're going to be big part of providing those solutions to customers going forward in the important emerging markets. So I think that the dynamics are all positive and I just think it’s a matter of stringing some quarter together from a market growth rate that allows people to become increasingly comfortable that the aging population, the fact that per late stage osteoarthritic patients this is the only solution out there and it works really well and its cost effective for the systems. All of that lines up well for the continued health within these markets that we serve.
David Dvorak: So I’ll pick up on the first part of the question, Kristen this is David. The reference to warning letters, pleural, is incorrect. We have a pending warning letter out of the Ponce Puerto Rico facility. We're putting a lot of effort into addressing those concerns. Any of the follow-up inspections that take place that result in Form 43 inspectional observations are the top priority for the company as it relates to our quality and operational excellence efforts. And we have a lot of focus and good work that's been done there. We're communicating that progress to the FDA on a very regular basis and I am quite optimistic that we're on a very positive track towards resolving any of those outstanding issues going forward. I think importantly beyond the reference to the warning letter is just -- this is a core value for the company. It is the top priority to ensure that we have the right quality systems at the foundation of our business and we've made tremendous progress in the last couple of years in particular on that front. And that really is going to be enabler going forward for continued not only quality, but operational excellence improvement. It's going to support the financial returns ultimately, but it has remained every aspect of our business and I think that we have the right level of focus and the right effort underway to not only resolve that, but get the company up with the right kind of foundation for the future.
David Dvorak: Yeah I think that the conversations we've had in that regard have been positive at this point. We probably have had more conversations at the surgeon level or I’ve been involved in more conversations at surgeon level and necessarily the administrative level. But here is the thing that the administration and increasingly as time progresses the surgeons care a lot about providing better solutions to the patients but finding a way to do that in an increasingly cost effective way and I'll tell you the message that resonates with the administration side deeply is how can we develop deeper and deeper partnership than we had historically to bring those solutions about an increasingly cost effective way. The broad musculoskeletal portfolio and innovation within system but as well comprehensive solutions and integrated services is of high interest to the administrative leaders within those institutions. And that's an area where I think we're going to be able to put a lot more effort and a lot more resources behind and look to collaboratively construct solution and service offerings that can achieve objectives on both of those fronts. Provide better patient solutions and do that in an increasing cost effective way and it just makes sense when you think about some of the reforms that are taking place, pick a market around the world but here in the United States, the reforms that are being driven by the ACA with the delivery model changes whether it's ACO or bundling give these administrators much more of a reason to become in tuning advance of readmission charges and complications coming back to impact their P&Ls. And I think that this is a good thing. I think it's going to be a good thing for patients because it's going to allow us to come in these more comprehensive partnerships to provide the solutions and to work towards a common goal of getting it right for that patient in short, medium and the long term.
David Dvorak: Sure. We said with the announcement I pointed out earlier our expectation is that combined enterprise will be able to grow in line with market in the short term and again will give sort of more specific color on what we think that is in our fourth quarter call towards the end of January. If this is a market although we would acknowledge that this is a market that has grown and you know as we've said in a range of low to mid single digit. As you will know this is a high margin business. There is certainly opportunity as you're growing at the higher end of that range for the accretion to be at the higher end of the range that we guided to. But I would tell you that within that range, we're very comfortable with $1.15 to $1.25 accretion and adjusted cash earnings per share because at the end of the day it's really a function of the acquired operating earnings as offset by the interest cost on the financing and the dilution associated with the additional shares that are getting issued in connection with the transaction. So as long as Biomet continues to perform the way that they have into the close and the acquired operating earnings are somewhere in line with what we sort of expect them to be as we put that model together and we've no reason to believe at this point that they won't be. I think Derrick, I would tell you we continue to have a high degree of confidence around the guidance that we've provided on accretion.
David Dvorak: Yes, I think they were just -- the process, the way that it has worked from the point of initiation just naturally sets up a circumstance where the U.S. process is ahead of the EU process and so it's more likely that we will progress to the point of clarification in the U.S. than the European side of things as far as the forecast between now and the balance of the year, but obviously we'll keep you posted as we make progress. Again things are cracking very consistently with our original analysis and nothing has changed in the many months that we either were evaluating this area of the deal or executing our plans to seek those clearances. So we're very optimistic that we're going to land where we need to land and in getting the deal closed in the first quarter of 2015.
David Dvorak: You're welcome. And with that, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our fourth quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8:00 AM on January 29, 2015. I'll turn the call back to you Britney.
Jim Crines: Yes, yes. First of all we're really pleased with the sequential 60 basis point improvement in negative price in the quarter. We continue to believe our commercial teams are doing a good job with managing the pressure. As David indicated, there are a number of factors contributing to the [rate] (ph) we saw in the trend. As an example, as we establish higher market penetration with new products, including most importantly the Persona knee system, we tend to see more stability in prices because these new platforms are being introduced with tighter price bands compared with our more established legacy products. As you know we're operating in a market environment that does not allow for the kind of variations we might have experienced in the past. With regard to contract renewals, we have had to deal with our fair share of demand letters from our U.S. based hospital customers. In our case the total value of price concessions by quarter across all contract renewals has come down sequentially from one quarter to the next beginning with the second quarter. Now we may see an increase in demand letters in coming quarters, we certainly expect price pressure is going to continue in this market, but still a positive trend in this quarter and one we believe is helped by increased market penetration of new products. And then lastly, I would just point out that we saw improvement in all geographic segments in the quarter as compared with the second quarter and in this context, we believe the continued positive long-term clinical validation supporting our legacy products, which is demonstrated in registry data, is helping us in key international markets.
Jim Crines: And Bob, this is Jim. Understanding that we have not provided top and bottom line guidance for calendar year 2015, we'll do that the closing of the deal for the combined enterprise. Ahead of that, we would plan to continue to provide guidance on Zimmer on a standalone basis. I will say that we understand there is a wide range of estimates that are out there for the combined enterprise, some of which may assume that the closing takes place early in the first quarter, other that may assume the closing take place later in the first quarter and that range will certainly tighten as we provide more specific guidance. I am not at all uncomfortable. I think by and large the analyst community has taken the $1.15 to the $1.25 in accretion and cash earnings per share and build that into the assumptions that they're making at this stage.
Jim Crines: Sure, well understand coming into the year, we're taking into 80 basis points of headwind associated with the medical device excise tax. So the positive things that I mentioned that efficiencies, we're getting out of our operational excellence initiatives the slightly higher gains on hedge contracts as well as lower excess and obsolescence starters in the quarter -- third quarter this year compared to the third quarter of last year all helped to offset that 80 basis points of headwind, so that the gross margin ratio was only down 10 basis points compared to the prior year.
Jim Crines: Well I would tell you we're obviously taking -- we've increased our guidance with respect to the currency headwind for the fourth quarter. That does typically result in somewhat higher gross margin ratio as we realize gains on hedge contract and a lower topline on -- reported topline on our international revenues. That together with what we were just talking about in terms of more moderate price pressure, I would tell you sort of contribute to gross margin expectation for the fourth quarter that would put us toward the high end of the range of what we're guiding to for the full year.
Jim Crines: Sure. Mike, this is Jim. I would just go back to the guidance we provided when we announced the deal and expectation that in the short term, the combined enterprise we would expect to be growing in line with market understanding that there could very well be some disruption. The sales channels are getting integrated, but just believe that we have significant opportunities with respect to cross selling that can offset any revenue loss that we might experience as the sales channels are being integrated. Now as what the market growth will be globally in 2015, we'll provide some color on that when we come out with 2015 guidance somewhere in the range of low to mid single digits, but will be more specific about that when we come out with that guidance in January.
Jim Crines: And Kristen this is Jim. With respect to the actual spending as you point out, we coming into the year indicated that we anticipated spending around $250 million on quality and operational excellence initiatives as well as some ongoing spend associated with certain of improved initiatives. Slightly more than half of that spend is connected with the quality and operational excellence efforts across all of our manufacturing sites. So although as David pointed out, the warning letter is connected with a single facility where taking the approach to upgrade our quality systems across all dimensions of our quality system, production and process control, design controls, controls around design transfer across all of our facility. So it’s a very significant effort, a large project. We've got a very capable leader who is a member of our operating community who is overseeing the entire effort and expect that spend will begin to taper off towards the end of 2015. So it will carry over into 2015, but begin to taper off towards the end of 2015.
Jim Crines: Sure. We're going to continue to drive hard on the operational excellence initiative side. There is still a lot of work to do I would tell you David and then a lot of opportunity in front of us and if nothing else, those programs, specifically those associated with manufacturing have to offset the impact of any price erosion that we continue to experience on the topline. And we have confidence that they will, but we believe that the opportunity could very well go beyond that to the point where particularly as we see more stability in pricing trends, we could potentially see some expansion of the gross margin. With respect to operating cost, some of what we're doing, some of what we had planned in the way of innovating improvement initiatives to drive towards the $400 million of savings by 2016 as a standalone enterprise we will get -- we will get incorporated into and added on to the synergy targets that the teams are driving across for the combined enterprise. So we have as we pointed out I think at the time of the announcement, I think good visibility to exactly where we will be going into the close and good visibility into where those additional opportunities around what we need to do to drive towards more efficiency in the administrative functions as well as in the operating functions.
