David Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. Zimmer's first quarter performance demonstrated continued progress toward our goal of consistently achieving growth at or above market rates in all of our geographies and businesses. We're committed to delivering value to our shareholders through disciplined execution of business transformation programs to generate strong cash flow for investment and strategic growth drivers and leverage in the P&L.  The musculoskeletal care market remains an exciting space that presents expansive opportunities for growth, both in established and emerging markets. We believe Zimmer is uniquely equipped to respond to the needs of all stakeholders in this market, combining the industry's most comprehensive and innovative product portfolio with robust clinical, health economic and commercial capabilities. And now I'd like to ask Brandi to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Sure, Adam. We feel like we had a good quarter again overall and particularly strong with respect to our Hips, Trauma, Dental, Surgical categories, all of which we believe grew above market. Good performances as well coming out of the extremities division, not a global basis, probably more in line with market and that category and close the gap importantly on Knees relative to market growth rates. So I think that the work that we're doing there is showing some progress. I think that the market saw a bit more of a step down, particularly on the U.S. side of the Knee market. But we did close the gap, and so that's encouraging to us. And then finally, more work to do on the U.S. side of our Spine business. But we feel like we're taking some of the right steps to create a more robust product portfolio there and sure up our commercial execution as well. So the trends are all very positive. Coming into the year, we and many of you expected that the first half of the year comps were going to be more difficult than the second half of the year comps, and I think that's exactly what we're seeing in the marketplace today. So we'd be optimistic that the second half of the year, with the easing comps, would show some progress in the overall market as well.
David Dvorak: Yes, we do believe that the Knee market will grow in the second half of the year. I think that what you're seeing in the U.S. side is really a consequence of what I was describing earlier, where the uninsured population base is getting access to these procedures as -- well, the uninsured population base that would like to get access to these procedures has grown because of the rising unemployment levels. And we start to anniversary out a bit of that on the market side, I think, as we enter the second half of the year. So we'd be optimistic that those comps would produce more favorable results across the market.
David Dvorak: That's true. I mean, those price cuts anniversary out as we speak here this month. And so that eliminates a headwind that we've been facing for some time. We just believe that we're doing a good job in executing. We had a good year last year in Asia-Pacific as well. So we're launching the right products in the right places and doing a nice job with those launches. And those product launches make a difference. So pardon me, our medical training education is really at full speed. That really enhances your opportunity to effectively launch of those products, and we have a stable team of experienced people leading our efforts in Asia-Pacific. And I would tell you that the same thing, I believe, is occurring in Europe, Middle East and Africa. We're seeing nice progress in those markets. Some of the disruptive factors that we faced over the last several years are now being washed out, and I think we're just regaining our momentum in the OUS markets in general.
David Dvorak: No stocking benefit. And those revenues are not all that significant in the context of the business either, Mike. That was a business that was round numbers, a $10 million business or so at the point of acquisition.
David Dvorak: Yes, a number of factors, Mike, and these are all areas that we've been very focused in our efforts on for some time, and you're familiar with those efforts, I think, to a great degree. But we're launching the right products. We're launching those products effectively. We're regaining our momentum within the commercial side of our organization. And then, we just have a lot of things that are coming together and heading in the right direction. The key for us is to continue to develop momentum in these areas and to sustain that effort with new products. And we believe that we're building out the right product pipeline to achieve just that.
David Dvorak: Well I think that -- let's talk a little bit more about the easing-of-the-comp side of it. If we go back to the root cause for what caused the drop-off in the second half of the year, we really do believe that it was the sub-65-year-old category of patients with expanding unemployment rates and those people dropping out of private insurance pools with declining enrollments that caused that decline, Bob. And so I think that COBRA probably -- the extension efforts masked some of that effect for some time, but it really found traction in the second half of last year. And so the comps are just the companies' weaker performances across the market. But I think that if you look at the population base, you're going to be growing off of, albeit a reduced base in the second half of the year. And as Jim said, if the economy gets a bit healthier, if employment expands these opportunities and enrollment, as a consequence, expands, then it could be something more than just a positive comparison off of an easier comp.
David Dvorak: I think that's a fair way to characterize it, David. I don't know that the variation from last quarter to this quarter really indicates any fundamental shift in some of the pressure that we've been experienced and the effect that, that's having. And the way that it shows up in negative price in the order of 1% to 2% across the various product franchises. A bit more pronounced, as you indicated, Hips and Knees. We talked on the last call about this price compression, particularly within the U.S. market. We continue to see that, as we expected to, coming into the year, and that is something that is going to carry on through the balance of 2011, at least within the U.S., and then of course, we've got an easing comp with respect to Asia-Pacific and the fact that we anniversary out of the Japan price cuts going into the second quarter.
David Dvorak: Sure. I think that we've been consistent in describing our business development strategy for some time. As far as the categories go, nothing has changed there. The musculoskeletal market is the space that we operate in. It's the place where we think we can create the most value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. So this is where we're going to live, and we think we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in all of these markets that we serve. You're right to point out that scale matters. I don't think that scale necessarily translates into meaning that you have to be #1 or #2 in those categories to create value for the shareholders and other stakeholders. But you certainly have to have enough critical mass to where you can justify investing in product development, for example, and feel that you have the distribution channel to be able to create value through those investments. And so those are places that we continue to emphasize the growth of the smaller businesses. Those emerging businesses are all in single-digit market shares at this point in time. But our position is that if we do the right things, we think that we can grow above market and take market share. If we find external development opportunities that allow us to accelerate progress in those categories, we would pursue those. But we wouldn't do it at the cost of an overly dilutive transaction, and we wouldn't do it if we didn't think that we weren't going to create shareholder value in a reasonable time period. So the hurdle rates are fairly rigorous, and we're always analyzing what other opportunities that we have to redeploy that cash. So it's going to be a consistent balance for us, going forward, of both internal and external development. But we're not going to be so adamant about becoming the #1 player in one of those subcategories that we would go off and do something that's adverse to the shareholders' interest.
David Dvorak: I would describe the European market as being one that, at least in our view, seems to be stabilizing. I think that our own execution is accelerating. And I think that we would expect to perform quite well relative to the market for the balance of this year. We believe that we were leading the industry in growth from whatever numbers we can gain access to in the first quarter, and we're optimistic about that group's ability to perform. And for the balance of the year, we have strong management, great products. We're executing launches of new products quite nicely in that space, and we know what areas we have further work to do. But many of the large markets are performing at a high level at this point in time. And I would tell you that I think that we just see a stabilization in that core market with respect to those austerity measures. So whereas in the U.S., some of the pressure would manifest itself in price, some of the pressure in the past in Europe did manifest itself in procedures. But as we said all along, we view, in any of these markets, the decline in those procedure rates to be deferments as opposed to people that are going to be able to just forego the procedures. And I think that what you're starting to see in the stabilization of Europe is just that, that these patients don't go away, that even with the austerity measures that may have suppressed procedure rates in past periods, that ultimately, those health care systems have to address the needs of the patients. And so I would see a positive outlook within that market and, certainly, as it pertains to Zimmer in particular.
David Dvorak: I think that, that's probably as good of a view as exists right now, projecting forward within that market. I think that there will continue to be some price pressure within the market. But it's a big market. It will continue to be a very interesting market, and I would say that our performance right now, as it pertains to U.S. as opposed to the OUS Spine market, is really more Zimmer-specific issues that we're well on our way towards addressing.
David Dvorak: Sure, Rick. I think that the U.S. Hip market was fairly consistent from what we can tell sequentially from Q4 to Q1 of this year. The overall global market, we think, was quite consistent from Q4 to Q1. So our step-up in performance is really again driven by the new products and the enhanced execution on the commercial side. With respect to the Metal-on-Metal market, we were never a large player in that subset of the market. And I think that the views of, kind of the collective views of the analysts are accurate, that, that was probably a market that was round numbers. 25% of the market is measured by units and maybe 30% or so of the market is measured by dollars. That has declined fairly dramatically. If you had to peg a number now, I would say that the estimates of around 10% or 10% or 15% are probably directionally correct. And I would tell you that as it pertains to Zimmer, we're sub-5% in penetration or as it represents a percentage of our sales on the Hips side. So it isn't a risk for us going forward, and it is very much an opportunity for us, not only because we don't have that headwind in the performance of our Hip business, but the solutions that we've been launching are very timely, very responsive to what surgeons and patients are seeking. And that's why we're seeing the great uptick of the Continuum Cup of our broad portfolio of stems. And we would anticipate that we're going to continue to make progress in that market. So it's a combination of potentially getting some business back that may have been lost historically to other companies for Metal-on-Metal users, as well as penetrating new accounts. And I would tell you as well, we're getting some mix benefit of the Hip side, and that's consistent with our view that if one innovates in the right way within this space, in the current climate, you can still get mix opportunities. So it's a combination of all those drivers.
David Dvorak: Sure, Kristen. These are strong competitors and great franchises on both sides that are involved in that transaction. So they will continue to be strong competitors if that deal is consummated and notwithstanding any disruption, which always exists in the integrations of companies. I think that there is always opportunity over the course of the disruptions during those integrations, but they'll emerge as strong competitors on both sides. The point that we're focused on is ensuring that we can compete effectively in the marketplace, and we're doing the right things to ensure that we have very competitive offerings in these categories. And I think that being strong in all the subsets of the musculoskeletal care market is going to be very important to us going forward. But it's an area that we've been focused on and vigilant about over the course of the last many years. And we're starting to see some of the benefits of that focus and our commitment. Our Trauma performance is a good example right now of what we intend to do. So notwithstanding that transaction, we believe that we're going to be in a share-gain position within those franchises, and we're making all the important moves that we need to make in investments to ensure that, that is the outcome.
David Dvorak: It will not affect our performance in any material way this year just because of the timing of the launch. But to answer your question, generally, we're going to be leveraging our existing distribution channel and relationships in the sale of that product. It's a large market. We estimate that the market is, round numbers, $700 million, and there are a couple of large competitors in particular. But this Gel-One product is one of only 2 single-injection products that will be on the market. And so we feel like through the channel and the relationships that we have that this is a great fit and an opportunity that we're going to take advantage of going forward.
David Dvorak: We really are focused on leveraging our existing manufacturing footprint. We have excellent people within these manufacturing operations across the globe. Obviously, the largest one is located here in Warsaw, and that will be our principal manufacturing facility for the foreseeable future. So the efforts are really to optimize our existing operations. With respect to the emerging markets, we could see production being leveraged out of the Montagne facilities and expanding, but that's likely to be production that would serve those same emerging markets as opposed to displacing any manufacturing on a domestic basis.
David Dvorak: We have very robust pipeline in development. So we're always exploring opportunities to address unmet clinical needs. And I won't respond to the direct question, but if we believe that there's a clinical benefit and a need within the marketplace, you can bet that it would be something that we would be exploring and potentially developing within our pipeline.
David Dvorak: It's an important market for us going forward. But I wouldn't measure it in terms of what it can do for us in the next year or 2. I think these emerging strategies are going to be critical to the company's success in the longer term. So the growth percentages are likely to be high. And to date, we're doing a good job. We have excellent leadership in that market. And I think that the acquisition is going to be a very good fit for us. But I wouldn't focus on material numbers coming out of those markets relative to the consolidated numbers that we produced as an overall business in that timeframe, Raj.
David Dvorak: Yes. We think it's an important technology. But I would tell you that the penetration rate at this point in time is relatively low. It's growing at impressive rates. And I suspect that, that's the case across the market for those technologies. But I would see that as being a first-generation technology. And I think that you're going to see enhancements within the marketplace to those types of technologies that can lead to more customized solutions for patients and ensure excellent implant placements and great wear as a consequence of that for these implants going forward. So I think it's an area that you're going to see the market continue to focus on, and we intend to be a leader within that space.
David Dvorak: We have been realizing revenue from those. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest in and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking you on our second quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on July 27. I'll now turn the call back to you, Brandi.
James Crines: I think it's safe to say that we're very comfortable with the guidance range that we’ve provided for the full year. I think one of the things you have to keep in mind is not only the issue associated with Japan and the effect that's likely to have over the next 3 quarters, more pronounced than what we saw in the first quarter, just given the timing of those events. Is the fact that we do have -- as we pointed out on our last call and I've highlighted as well on this call, we do have some headwind that we're dealing with on the gross margin line related to the currency hedging program.
James Crines: Mike, this is Jim. As we indicated on our last call, described our expectations with respect to the overall market, talked about the softness across the overall market, we anticipated to see in the first half. We also indicated that our guidance for the full year was predicated on stable employment. So just as we said on the last call, to the extent that we see the economy improvement, perhaps unemployment levels coming down, we would expect to see more robust growth in the second half and effectively to hit better results relative to the range that we provided at this point. To the extent that we see less disruption than what we have contemplated in Japan in elective procedures, that as well could lead to stronger results relative to the range that we've provided at this point. But we're one quarter into the year, and we just feel it's appropriate to maintain that guidance and the range that we've provided at this point.
James Crines: So with respect to the first question, we saw modest benefits from the restructuring and transformation initiatives. David indicated that one of the major initiatives, if you will, the de-layering of the management, was completed in the first quarter but largely completed towards the end of the first quarter. So again, modest benefit reflected in the numbers at this stage. We're still projecting to realize in the order of $40 million to $50 million of savings in 2011. But again, we have -- as we've indicated, we do intend to reinvest some of those savings in product development, clinical programs and as we did in this quarter, in medical education and training as well. So there's more value to come, if you will, as we get further down the road in completing the balance of those programs. And it is the case, as you pointed out with respect to the Dental business that we're very pleased with the, obviously, the performance of that business. We feel we have a very strong management team in place. We continue to provide support in terms of investments in the product development programs at our Dental business, investment in license arrangements that have enabled that business, as you know, to gain ownership of the customer relationships with respect to the biologic softening within that franchise, other license arrangements that have enabled us to expand that portfolio. And we do believe that we're well-positioned with those kind of investments to continue to create value with that business. And don't feel that it's necessary per se -- not that we wouldn't be interested in opportunities to have an even bigger position within that market, because we like that market, but don't feel that it's necessary for us to get bigger through acquisitions to be able to create value.
James Crines: Yes, that's right, Rick. And I think the question was asked earlier as to how to think about that 160 basis points. It is relative to prior-year second quarter. So that's really off of the prior-year second quarter that you would need to take that into account. And I think you do, Rick, you're sort of touching on something that may not as evident to people, and that is that we are experiencing stronger, if you will, operational efficiencies than we had anticipated coming into the year. So what puts us in the position to hold the margin guidance at 75% in spite of having an additional 2 points of currency lift on the top line, which I think as people understand, always results in us having more significant hedge losses in an environment where the dollar is weak. Those operational efficiencies are what is allowing us to offset the additional hedge losses over the course of the year and still hold to the guidance of 75% for the full year.
James Crines: I believe it's going to be a combination of the 2. I think that the opportunities that we have in those 2 different franchises are a bit different. And what it's going to take to exploit those opportunities is a bit different. But pull it together, and it's got going to be a combination of both internal and external development.
James Crines: So as far as the strategy with respect to the OUS markets, that is an area where we can invest more aggressively to establish critical mass within that franchise. So we've done distributor acquisitions in the past to support that strategy, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that going forward.
