David Dvorak: Thanks Jim. Before we take your questions I would like to briefly recap the announced merger. We continue to adhere to our core value creation strategy to focus on growth, operational excellence and prudent capital allocation. Biomet is a perfect fit for us and the transaction is directly in-line with the strategy to create significant value and provide attractive growth and profitability over the long term. Zimmer and Biomet will create an innovation leader in the $45 billion musculoskeletal industry with a more comprehensive and scalable portfolio of solutions and cross selling opportunities. We will have enhanced musculoskeletal diversification and strong scalable platforms in faster growing sports medicine, extremities and trauma product categories. All of this increased scale will provide significant operating efficiencies and will benefit all constituents and address the evolving healthcare environment. Zimmer’s and Biomet’s market growth prospects coupled with strong cash flow will support our ongoing commitments to debt repayment and dividends.  Finally all of these actions will be led by experienced management teams from both sides, with an impressive track record of successful execution and integration. We look forward to entering this exciting new chapter of our company’s history and working with the Biomet team to advance our shared goals of driving innovation to benefit stakeholders. With that I will now turn the call back over to Toni for questions.
David Dvorak: Bob. I would tell you that we had the benefit of experts reviewing that subject matter, obviously. We're very well advised and I think the important thing to keep in mind is that this is a $45 billion industry. We’re quite confident that we will complete the transaction and at this point in time believe that the transaction be consummated in the first quarter of 2015. The market share numbers are publically available; you understand that our market share in general in most markets in knees is in the mid-20s. Biomet’s is double digits to lower teens, and in hips, our market share is closer to 20%, their market share is in similar range and that’s applicable to most geographies but as I said we’re quite confident that we’re going to be able to move through that process and that the transaction at this point in time is contemplated to be closed as of the first quarter of 2015.
David Dvorak: I will tell you this is very consistent with the strategic plans that we have developed over the last several operating periods Mike and the complimentary nature of these businesses allows us to accelerate many of the initiatives that are common to the two entities and so strategically this is a fit that can be seen going back sometime as these things go circumstances arise in a confluence of events that bring us to the point of actually having the capability to combine the entities and those processes once they get going can happen and need to happen in a fairly accelerated fashion. So I think you’re right, over the last several weeks it has been a concentrated effort and the perspective on what we’re going to do consistent with our disciplined capital allocation changed quite recently.
David Dvorak: We will leverage the capabilities of both organizations. I think there is mutual respect for the innovation, skill sets within both of these organizations and culture as it relates to innovation. So if you think about the combination of these businesses with concentrations in various product categories and the way innovation has been conducted over the course of many years within medical devices is -- there is an element of that innovation that is committed to incremental advancements and those will always continue whether it's in the form of line extensions or the like, what this transaction allows us to do it on a combined basis is continue incremental innovation and yet have a broader portfolio and array of innovative solutions that are going to be game changing, broader in the form of joint preservation and early intervention technologies and advance the cause in preoperative and interoperative technologies that can help change the way these solutions are delivered and the efficiencies with which these solutions are delivered. So on a combined basis we’re going to be able to get after rapidly addressing more of the current unmet needs and then as Jim and both referenced in a more comprehensive way partner with other stakeholders in the healthcare industry in a manner that allows them to improve patient care and at the same time do that in a cost effective manner. So we’re going to be able to do all the things that we have done historically on a standalone basis but when combined more of it and on an accelerated basis across a broader span of the innovation opportunity and the scope of addressing the problems and challenges that other stakeholders face in an evolving health care market.
David Dvorak: Sure I think the theme to that really is we need to work in closer relationships with providers, surgeon’s integrated healthcare systems whether they are private or national and their orientation across the global. In a matter that allows us together provide better patient outcomes and solutions but at the same time do that cost effectively. This portfolio of existing products, technologies allows us to engage in those discussions and partner in ways that we believe is going to be very comprehensive and deep and to help work together towards addressing any of the challenges that exists whether it is a patient outcome challenge or a cost efficiency challenge. So for instance in the patient paradigm or algorithm to the extent that we can partner with a healthcare institution and ensure that the right intervention strategy and solution is offered to that surgeon in treating the patient irrespective of where they are in the disease state or continuum of care, all the way up through joint replacement or revision that’s a real advantage to the systems, to the extent that we can more intelligently deliver those solutions through preoperative planning systems or assist within our operative technologies to ensure that procedure goes as best as it possibly can and complications are avoided, readmissions are mitigated that’s a real advantage to that system as well as the patients. And when we refer to a comprehensive portfolio it isn't merely just the product portfolio on a traditional sense, we’re able to put together integrated services and comprehensive solutions that will enable us to partner with the other stakeholders and later bring those solutions about in a cost effective manner.
David Dvorak: I think there are absolutely platform technologies that Biomet possess that are complimentary to the ones that we possess and are continuing to develop. So it's going to be an accelerator when we are able to put those technologies and services and solutions together and I think in other dimension I neglected to state in response to the first part of your question David it's just the fact that we know that the industry that we’re serving is going to consolidate the hospital system et cetera, so they are going to be looking for saving as well by partnering with fewer vendors that can offer a fuller portfolio of solutions and that’s going to be an advantage along with these integrated services. So by way of example I would tell you that an acquisition that we did 7 or so years ago that is ORTHOsoft, that is headquartered in Montreal, they've done a terrific job of advancing preoperative technologies as well as intraoperative technologies and if you think about the deployment of these solutions, an preoperative that helps the hospital, the surgeon, the OR staff as well as this company yet the right implant, instrument set et cetera into the treatment path and then allow in a most efficient way that procedure it takes place in the OR and optimize that patient outcome and minimize the reprocessing costs and central sterilization et cetera which is what that solution base is all about that we have been developing and again Biomet is been developing services that are very complimentary to that, that can create a lot of value for everyone.
David Dvorak: And I think what we’re talking about is putting together integrated solutions that have a value proposition associated with them, so by addressing unmet clinical needs, by minimizing readmissions by helping reduce infection those have incredible value creation opportunities associated with it and innovating in those regards is going to be rewarded in the marketplace.
David Dvorak: Sure. Well I think it's a referenceable transaction with respect to the experience on integrating companies that if you look at the size of that integration relevant to where Zimmer was as a standalone entity after the spinoff back in 2003, it's relatively comparable. There is a lot of institutional knowledge and experience that resides in Zimmer today that led that transaction including Jim and I were both personally involved and highly involved in the integration, and the thing that I would say is differentiated in this regard is that the Biomet team has a terrific skillset in that regard, and a great success rate. So we’re going to partner and the steering committee and leadership to develop integration plan in a very specific way, will be balanced and representative of both organizations and as successful as Centerpulse was I’m very optimistic that this transaction will be, will come together and will take the best of the best in processes and capabilities for both of these organizations and create an even stronger entity on a combined basis. So very optimistic about how we’re going to be able to run this integration.
David Dvorak: Yes. I think there is a lot of complimentary aspects of the distribution channel and not just limited to the United States, OUS markets as well Matt and if you look at the product categories that is in fact the case, we haven't focused as much on what this does to us from a scale standpoint and the non-large joint categories but it's a significant difference maker when you look at the faster growing markets of sports medicine, extremities and trauma for instance and then as well we were talking about doubling the size of spine business, doubling the size of the dental business and again there is a very complimentary aspect to some of those business distribution channels for instance. Biomet’s dental business is very strong in certain OUS markets where we are relatively absent. So there is going to be a lot more to be able to talk about in that regard as we move forward Matt but we see it as a terrific opportunity as well as big dimensions of cross selling capabilities with the relationships that exist across those various markets and you take a business unit like our surgical business that really isn't fully built out and Biomet’s portfolio and we’re going to be able to cross sell those products successfully into those accounts and relationships. And as Jim referenced earlier some of the earlier intervention and joint preservation technologies that are part of our portfolio are going to be successfully sold into their sports medicine. So I think there are going to be wonderful opportunities with a broader portfolio, the leverage of those relationships and capabilities across the globe and across the various product categories. 
David Dvorak: I think that the comprehensive nature of the portfolio is pretty recognizable if you move up and down the continuum of care Derrick. I think that as we have expressed there are early intervention technologies and joint preservation technologies for example our Gel-One product on the front end of that continuum of care and there are sports medicine products and technologies on the front end of that continuum all the way through comprehensive revision systems and salvage systems. So you can line that up, plot whatever point on that continuum you’re most interested in and you’ve a terrific offering when this come together that I think is going to really be a difference maker for the customers that we’re partnering with. So I think that that is an incredible benefit that’s going to be seen as very valuable from the customer’s perspective.
David Dvorak: Sure Joanne. We will be very proactive on that front, there will be programs put in place to address any of the risks that you just referenced. I think that overall as it relates to your second question, Warsaw, this transaction cements Warsaw as at a global basis the musculoskeletal innovation capital of the world and we’re going to be able to accelerate the planning and upon consummation of the deal accelerate the integration efforts to leverage the fact that the value systems are very common, the geography is going to be beneficial. The commitment customers and enhancing the quality of life for patients provide such a common bond and platform to bring these organizations together that we're extraordinarily confident in our ability to address the risks and leverage the opportunities that this combination represents.
David Dvorak: Thank you Joanne. So with that I would just state that we very much look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter conference call which is scheduled for 8 a.m. on July 24. I will turn the call back to you Toni.
Jim Crines: Just to be sort of more specific on what we mean by double digit accretion in a range and you’re right that it's on a something more akin to a cash earnings measure is what I indicated in my remarks, post the combination we will be adding back amortization of intangible assets as well as amortization of transaction related to financing fees to arrive at our adjusted earnings measure. We are anticipating in the range of 15% to 20% and more specifically accretion in the range of a $1.15 to a $1.25 in the first year. That does and the synergies the 270 million by the third year, 135 million by the first year. That does take into account both the cross selling opportunities that we feel are substantial with respect to the combination and anticipated disruption that will occur as a consequence of integrating the two companies on the top line. We’re not going to be more specific than that. I would just tell you as I indicated in my remarks that post the combination we would expect the top line revenues to be growing in-line with the market and then once we get through the integration we have the opportunity for all of those product categories to be growing ahead of the market. As I said given the enhanced scale and competitiveness of those various product portfolios.
Jim Crines: I would tell you, David talked about, we see significant opportunity to be reinvesting in innovation that will include not just the sort of traditional products innovation that these companies within this industry are better known for but as well it is going to be very focused on taking advantage or the opportunity to invest more money in business model innovation. So I think it's fair to believe that the synergy opportunities are significant but as I said the combination is going to present us with an opportunity to reinvest some of those synergies and that as well is something we have taken into account in the 270 million that we have guided to.
Jim Crines: I will tell you -- sorry Mike, somewhere in the neighborhood of net debt of estimated at around $5.5 billion that we would assume in pay down following the combination.
Jim Crines: That set will be refinanced. Out of the total value 13.35 billion, as we indicated 3 billion of that will be consideration will be provided in the form of Zimmer shares and the balance in cash. So the 5.5 billion of debt that we’re going to be assuming will effectively get refinanced through the combinations.
Jim Crines: Sure. So it will come from a combination of senior notes, so it will be through the financing that we will raise which will be comprised of a combination of senior notes somewhere in the neighborhood of around 7.5 million of bond financing and 3 billion in the form of syndicated term loan.
Jim Crines: That’s correct. So if you take that over 10 billion that I referenced and add the 1 billion of debt that they have already on our balance sheet, total debt is somewhere north of 11 billion for the combined period.
Jim Crines: We will be able to access somewhere between 0.5 billion to a 1 billion of offshore cash and that will go towards covering some of the -- towards funding for the combination as well as paying for some of the transaction cost associated with it, the combination.
Jim Crines: Yes I would just tell you that we have a very high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver on the 135 million and the 270 million. I would also acknowledge that we do believe over the long term there are going to be some significant balance sheet related cash flow synergies that are not sort of fully reflected if you will and what we anticipate to be able to achieve in the way of deleveraging over the short term. So to the extend we can execute as well on those opportunities, that’s going to provide some more opportunity for us to pay down the debt perhaps a little more quickly and drive some additional sort of accretion in bottom-line earnings.
Jim Crines: Sure. Again I did say with respect to the revenues that in the aggregate and if you’re taking all of the various product categories we would expect in the short term post-combinations that total revenues would be growing in-line with the overall market. And then as we complete the integration our belief very firmly that we’re going to have the opportunity for all of those product categories to be growing above market. So that’s sort of in-line growth expectation for the short term as I said does take into account some anticipated disruption as we work through the integration which will impart be offset by some significant cross selling opportunities that we have as and we have talked about both in our scripted remarks and in responses to some of the questions that has been raised. 
Jim Crines: So I think you’re right to assume that $200 million is fully maintained. The initiatives have already been mapped out so that the project teams are assembled, the work plans are in place that they have been and continue to execute and will continue to execute obviously through the closing of this transaction and we have talked about the fact that with respect to what it takes to get from what we have already achieved that of the total $400 million that we’re targeting. The latter half of that much of that is in the manufacturing area, it gets -- take some time for that to work through the P&L and it first shows up in lower inventory cost and then eventually shows up in the P&L. So that $200 million if you reference David is fully maintained in with respect to the expectations going forward.
Jim Crines: Well some of what you reference would be included in the estimated operating earning synergies, the 270 million but not at this stage reflected Matt in cash flow, it's not fully reflected in cash flow synergies to the extent that we’re going to be able to lower the amount of capital we have tied up in inventory and instrument. So that something that has to be sort of more specifically mapped out as a team has the opportunity over the next many months to get into more detailed integration planning.
Jim Crines: We have obviously as the securities fillings -- there will be a full element of disclosure embodied in those documents and the background of the process and I don’t want to speak on behalf of the Biomet organization in that regard Derrick, but you'll gain whatever insights that disclosure will reveal about the background and process here. Suffice to say that transaction agreements provide support from the major sponsors and that disclosure will be very specific as well but we’re very confident in the ability to consummate the transaction.
