David Dvorak: Thank you Jim. In summary, our third quarter performance reflected solid bottom line performance in a climate of macroeconomic pressures. The outlook for the remainder of the year anticipates continued progress with recent product and instrumentation launches, supported by a full offering of medical education and training programs. Our organization retains a broad sense of optimism about the potential for our industry. The long-term positive indicators for our sector are compelling. In the face of heightened scrutiny about healthcare costs, our increasingly diversified portfolio of early and late-stage intervention musculoskeletal products provide cost-effective solutions for the patients and global healthcare systems we serve. And now I'd like to ask Celeste to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Derrick, we did see a slower market with respect to procedures in Europe. For us, the pricing environment didn't change much from the second quarter to the third quarter. So I think that some of the austerity measures in the macroeconomic conditions created environment where the was a more profound element of seasonality to the business. It's always a slow market in the third quarter within Europe due to the holiday schedules, but it was exacerbated by the economic conditions. I would tell you, with respect to looking forward in that market, I think that one of the limitations as to how aggressive people can push in managing these procedure rates down is a political one. At some point, the known success of these procedures among the patient base and the recognition by the payors with these national healthcare systems is that it's not a cost effective move to differ these procedures in any extended form. And frankly, it becomes politically untenable at some point. And I think that you have to that bear in mind as you look forward and anticipate what those markets would look like in the future. Now the majority of our business is in the five or six most developed markets, and those slowdowns that we saw were more profound market-wise, it seems, in hips than in knees and we obviously have a significant market share in those European markets. And so that impacted the quarter to an extent. And then finally, if you're looking at our performance within Europe sequentially, you'll note that we picked up a billing day in Q2 and lost a billing day in Q3. And so that explains a bit of the sequential performance difference from Q2 to Q3 for us.
David Dvorak: Yes, that pricing performance is consistent with what we expected to see coming into the year. We anticipated the 1% to 2% element of price erosion in our business, and that's exactly what we're seeing. It is true that the price erosion in the U.S. for the third quarter was a bit more significant than in the second quarter. But it's also the case with Japan because that price decline hasn't anniversaried out yet big impacted our overall step down from 0.9% to 1.4% for the quarter. And I don't think that the dynamics, Derrick, have changed much in the U.S. Those discussions are similar to what's taken place in the past quarters, and I think you could anticipate that they're going to continue to be similar with respect to pricing discussions going forward.
David Dvorak: Again, we still think that there's an opportunity with respect to mix. And Mike, that's just going to be dependent upon where we are within each product category on new product rollouts. If you've anniversaried out of that mix benefit and you're not introducing something else within that category, you're probably going to see a bit of negative impact between price and mix at that particular point in time. On the other hand, if you're ratcheting up a launch and it's a significant launch that provides you with mixed opportunity, you could see some positive impact that's between price and mix at that point in time. So I think it's just going to be dependent upon where you are in the product rollout cycle. But if you have a healthy flow within this marketplace and you're addressing unmet clinical needs, I still do think that you can see either a wash in those categories or some modest positive impact as between price and mix going forward.
David Dvorak: So we're not going to give 2011 guidance, but as far as the market goes, I think you have to look at price in a similar fashion to 2010 at this point in time. You're going to have a similar environment, I would believe in the United States. I think that Europe may get a little bit more aggressive. On the other hand, Asia Pacific, you're going to anniversary out after the first quarter of the Japan adjustments that took places, and those were significant for most of the competitors. And certainly, that's the case for us because of the size of that business relative to our overall Asia Pacific business.
David Dvorak: Yes. I mean, I think that coming into the year, we said minus 1% to 2% and that the rate where we're tracking were minus 1%. But that range I think is as good as one that I can give you at this particular point.
David Dvorak: Yes, I think that that's a reasonable assumption, but I think that you're going to have point in time where there's some headwind in that category, Bruce, and then some other opportunities to show some modest positives that's between those two.
David Dvorak: No, you're right. And again, you have to factor in where you are in the launch of those products. So we're really just beginning to hit the traction point. There's a lot of emphasis on the U.S. market, and so you saw some improvement in our performance relative to the market within the U.S. On the hip side, the penetration is continuing. Within that particular market right now, you have to remember that there's a bit of headwind on the Metal-on-Metal mix. And that's an element of that continuum set. But for that headwind, we'd be seeing a lot more mix benefit coming from Continuum. But that's the reality of the market of that we're launching the product into.
David Dvorak: Well, I mean, take market share in the core businesses first and foremost. But when you look at our existing portfolio as it sits today, Bruce, there are big opportunities for us in those smaller product categories. So spine, dental trauma, surgical products we have less than 10% market share. And in instances, less than 5% market share in each of those categories. And what we're experiencing there, oftentimes because of that market position, you don't have as much price pressure as you do in an instance where you have 30% or 40% market share and have had that market share historically. So we're this business and investing in these global businesses in a manner where we expect to outpace market growth, take market share and those are going to be big opportunities for us. Furthermore, the continuum of care that we've been talking both earlier interventions and late interventions put us in a position to move upstream, and the treatment of these patients intervene with biological solutions. So hyaluronic acid is an interesting one for us. We have a great set of relationships that we could to push that kind of a product to our existing distribution channels, and there are a lot of opportunities for us to broaden the business and expand our growth rates in those categories as well.
David Dvorak: That's correct. I mean, if you're talking about the step down from the second quarter to the third quarter, that would principally be the Americas.
David Dvorak: Yes, we think that we need to improve our execution front to be sure, Bob, because the performance that we saw come out of our business for in the third quarter on the U.S. side wasn't at market growth rates. And so there's some loss of business there. I think that we have the right plans in place and we're executing those plans. And most importantly, those initiatives are around these instruments to augment our already existing excellent clinical performance with the NexGen and Natural Knee Systems. And so that's a big opportunity for us because those are instrument sets that are differentiated in the case of PSI, and accommodating in the case of PRI of surgical philosophies that many competitive surgeons come to the table with. So we have one of the best-performing knee systems and now a set of instruments that's going to accommodate that particular surgeon customer, and I think that it's going to be a great growth opportunity for us. But the third quarter marked the point where we introduced those PRI instruments only on a limited basis. And again, it takes some time for those sets to get deployed for surgeons to train, to trial and to work through the sales process. And we're optimistic that as these months progress, you're going to see an improved performance driven by a that initiative as well as others.
David Dvorak: Well, as I indicated in my prepared remarks [Audio Gap] free cash flow the way we have historically. That is the first priority we'd look for business opportunities that as I said, strategically align with our focus on musculoskeletal health. We'll otherwise continue to return excess cash to shareholders through the share repurchase program. As you know, we did issue $1 billion in long-term notes in 2009. So we have levered up to some degree, and that's helped us in some respect to be more aggressive in terms of returning cash to shareholders. As we indicated, we spent $225 million in the third quarter on share repurchases. And as we've said before, we're going to continue to target somewhere in the order returning a third to a half of our net income on an annual basis through that share repurchase program.
David Dvorak: Sure, it's broad-based across all the product categories. I think that if you look at a longer-term trend as to where we were, say, five years or so ago, David, it is broader-based. There's been greater emphasis in the global businesses than there was that five-year time period previous. And I think that you're going to start see some of the benefits of those investments in the coming quarters. Notably, we've emphasized a great deal of investment in the Trauma area and the Natural Nail line is rolling out now that we're seeing some good early clinical success with is an example of what we intent to do on those product categories. Again, those are markets that are very attractive markets. The skill sets that it takes to compete effectively in those markets are very transferable from the core recon business and in instances, the distribution channels overlapped as well. So we can create a lot of value with growth in those global businesses. And going back sometime, we started to enhance our investment to drive that opportunity.
David Dvorak: That is potentially the case, Kristen. I think that some of that depends on the jurisdiction and the structure and how centralized the systems are versus the more regional systems. And so there are jurisdictions where their lever is more a procedure level, and others where their lever is more of a price level. So we have a pretty significant market share in most of those developed jurisdictions across Europe. And what we reported out as being essentially flat pricing in Europe is indicative of what we're seeing right now. But it could be the case that in some of those jurisdictions, price gets pushed a bit harder as they free up the procedure rates.
David Dvorak: No, I wouldn't say that because I think that, that tender business always had that character to it. Those are typically not the highest margin opportunities but they're volume opportunities, and so they can make some economic sense on a couple on fronts. For one thing, if you're absorbing overhead, the marginal profit can still be unacceptable. On another front, it could be that you want to participate in those tenders because that's an emerging market that's going to continue to grow. And so getting in at this point in time is strategically consistent with your plans. So either way, those are elements of the business that we want to be very engaged in and have been historically.
David Dvorak: Kristen, I would tell you that and we've pointed this out in prior calls that we no longer would rely on broadly speaking the contracts that are in place at a given point in time. We've seen a lot of churn over the past few years, and it continued to be the case that many of our individual hospital pricing agreements are often getting renegotiated somewhere in the middle of their term or certainly prior to the end of the term. And that continues to be the case.
David Dvorak: Well, I would say just what we said before, we continue to manage through the pressure. It's been around for some time. And I think our contract management people working together with our independent distributors in the U.S. Our sales management teams outside the U.S. have done a pretty effective job of managing pressures. So that we are able to provide the kind of guidance that we provided coming into the year. And we're seeing results that are right in line with where we told people they would be for the year.
David Dvorak: Yes, I would say that the sales force continues to be very engaged. I don't think that there's been turnover that's been out of line with any historic averages, Joanne, either.
David Dvorak: Sure. And some of new product launches are what's driving that continued engagement within the sales force, obviously. On the Hip side, as you mentioned, the Continuum system as well as the MMC system were launches that were initiated the very end of last year. And so those launches are under way. We're starting to see the productivity of those launches, particularly on the Continuum side. I will tell you that the MMC Cup is a less significant launch in light of what's happened in that Metal-on-Metal category. I think that there's going to continue to be a market out there for the Metal-on-Metal, but it's going to be less significant. And that was not a segment that we were heavily penetrated in prior to the market turning the way that it has. So we didn't have much business in that category, and I think that those that had a lot of business in that category are seeing the mix of that business turn probably likely more towards polyethylene solutions at this point in time. But the Continuum system is a very encouraging launch for us. You can see what it's allowed us to do and even at downmarket over the course of a slow summer within the U.S. business and step up to above market growth rates. So continue to be very encouraged, and I think that there is more runway out in front of us on that launch
David Dvorak: Sure. They've been obviously a lot of questions to try to break these quarters apart. And we've anticipating the current quarter and obviously, that's a place that we can't go just as others went. I'm not familiar with people coming back and providing color along the lines of what you are articulated. But I'm sure that you have heard something from people, Rick, that give you a basis for making that statement. In our case, I would tell you that, that procedural slow down was relatively consistent through the summer months. So I can't really look at the performance on a procedural basis and disaggregate the quarter in a way that can offer you any better understanding. I think that what you see in our results was pretty consistent through the entire third quarter.
David Dvorak: Sure, Rick, we like our existing portfolio. And our fundamental strategy launching due to the experience that we have in the third quarter of this year. We're going to continue to focus on executing our plan. Again, within the recon space, we think that we have great opportunities and some of this can lead to informing our views as to what external development might look like to move up and down that continuum of care as well as emerging markets. And so you can see that we've announced an acquisition in China that is pending at this point in time, and that's consistent with our growth strategy for the recon market. So again, up and down the continuum of care on the recon side in emerging markets. And then beyond that, we have excellent opportunities in these other product categories. And I think that as early in the fourth quarter, you're going to start seeing some progress to be made in one or two of those other business units. Coming back to your Spine question, I think that, that's one that is to win there, we're going to have to do well both on internal as well as external development to ensure that we've got the right kind of product pipeline. So we've got a pretty significant commitment at this point in time on internal development. And just recently, we launched on a limited basis an excellent MIS system, the Pathfinder system. It was well received. We think that we're going to make good progress in that category and have an excellent overall portfolio with MIS solutions within the Spine business. But to continue to make progress on that market, it's a big market. It's one that we think we can create a lot of value win for the shareholders and provide some good solutions for patients. The success rates are much lower at this point in time, so there is a lot of room for innovation that can make a difference for patients in that category. And we want to be one of the companies providing those solutions going forward.
David Dvorak: Actually, the anniversary-ing out of the Abbott spine acquisition essentially is complete by the end of the third quarter. So there isn't anything to factor in on that front. We're confident in the guidance that we provide. We know that people place a lot of value and are making investment decisions. And so subject to all the front-end qualifiers, with Safe Harbor statements, that's our guidance. It's well informed. And those are the results that we expect to achieve.
David Dvorak: Yes, Charles, that question was asked and answered already. And we just didn't see much of a difference at different points in time. During that third quarter, it was a pretty consistently slow procedure rate that we had a view throughout the third quarter.
David Dvorak: Well, I'll talk to you about growth rates. I mean, the BRIC nations all provide excellent opportunities for us. And right now, you're seeing growth rates that are double digits in those markets and it would stand a reason that, that would be the case because they're very underpenetrated at this point in time. If you look at the opportunity to bring these solutions to patients, it's a large, large population basis and very low-penetration rates. And so there's a lot of infrastructure oftentimes to be developed. These are markets that each one of them is different, there are different product tierings and price points and service levels. And so you really can't speak in general terms beyond if you look at those population bases and the penetration rates that currently exist and start to do some math around that and you see big opportunities going forward. So those are markets where as a global leader, we want to have a significant level of participation going forward. And I think that we can drive a lot of growth and improve the quality of life per patients that live in those jurisdictions.
David Dvorak: I think, clear improvement in our Knee performance. And beyond that, continued acceleration in some of the product categories where we've emphasized new product launches and I think we have great opportunities. So we ought to be talk about that in the Q4 call as it relates to Hips, and we ought to be talking about that in the Q4 call as it relates to Trauma as well, Matt.
David Dvorak: We continue to ramp up and execute relatively well on the Patient Specific Instruments side. I think that an opportunity that we have is to combine those two, Matt, where we take the Patient Specific Instruments, we're getting good clinical feedback and continuing to refine those systems and expand them. But you get into connecting that offering with the posterior referencing instruments, and now you've got something that's differentiated for competitive surgeons and yet a familiar surgical philosophy to that surgeon. And I think that can be pretty powerful when you layer on top of that the best-performing Knee system in the world.
David Dvorak: The offering exists at this point in time. So again, it's a matter of rolling those systems out and getting the attention of surgeons and trialing and converting business.
David Dvorak: Thanks, again, everyone for joining us today and for your continued interest in Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our Fourth Quarter Conference Call on January 27 at 8:00 a.m. I'll now turn the call back to you, Celeste.
James Crines: I think, Bob, when you look at what's happening with procedure volumes, our sense is that the slowdown is really happening on the private pay side. So perhaps at a hospital level, the hospitals are looking at somewhat unfavorable trend in payor mix. And we know for a fact that if you go back to 2008, 2009, Medicare enrollment was already increasing at a faster rate than enrollment in private health plans. So that's some of what has created this pressure. And I think it's fair to say that pressure has intensified somewhat. But again, we continue to manage through that pressure and believe average selling prices across our franchises globally, as David said, will be down in a range that we guided to at the beginning of the year of 1% to 2%.
James Crines: Sure. We've said historically that before we spend on R&D, we look to be in a range of 15% to 20% of revenue with new product revenues, and we define that as products that have been released in the last 36 months. I would tell you with respect to the Hip franchise, we're within that target range but outside of that range when you look at the Knee franchise. And as you think about what we have going on with Knees, with the launch of these new instruments, that's where we're seeing a competitive pressure on Knees. There are competitive systems out there with new, more modern instruments. Our response to that is both the new PSI instruments as well as the posterior referencing instruments. And as David indicated, we're still early into the launch for those instrument systems. The fact those instruments will not really necessarily have an impact on that metric, so until we launch new devices within the Knee franchise, we're not likely going to see much of an increase in new product revenue within the Knee franchise. What we're really looking for to drive performance there again is the launch of the new instrument systems.
James Crines: Yes. So as you pointed out on our second quarter call, we indicated that SG&A was expected to be approximately 42% for the full year. At the time, we have projected approximately 43.5% for the third quarter. We clearly came in below that level. And since our third quarter SG&A expenses came in lower than we have projected and historical trends tell us that seasonality should have a favorable impact on ratio for the fourth quarter. We would now expect the full year SG&A ratio to be lower than our prior guidance of 42%. This is an area, David, that we continue to focus on. We've acknowledged that at 42%, our SG&A ratio is out of line with industry benchmarks. And I would tell as we develop our operating plans for 2011, that is something that we'll get a fair amount of attention. We have opportunity here we would acknowledge to drive more leverage through the P&L by taking that SG&A ratio down and bring it more in line with industry benchmarks.
James Crines: They did, net hedge gains in the third quarter accounts for approximately 40 basis points of our gross margin. And I would tell you that assuming currency rates remain near-recent levels, the effect of hedge gains and losses on gross margin in the fourth quarter will be lower. So for the fourth quarter, we're projecting losses, for example, on the yen, Aussie dollar, Canadian dollar and British pound hedge contracts just given the way the dollar is traded against those currencies. And that will be partially offset by what we would predicted this time will be modest gains on euro hedge contract. So that does create a bit of a headwind going into the fourth quarter.
James Crines: I don't think they're logistical. But the essence of the theory, I think is a fair one that we put it, Matt. But these are execution matters that we intend to resolve. It is not a limitation on a great product with great clinical results, so we don't have a challenge in that respect. It is the case that within the psyche of the sales force in the marketing organizations that if there's a hot new product, there's going to be at disproportionate amount of time and attention dedicated to that. But that's always a balance that we have to strike. And I think that we look to improve our execution, and we think we have a great opportunity to do that as we launch these new estimates. Those instrument launches, and you know this industry well, Matt, they take time whether it's an instrument or a product launch. And so we literally started that process in Q3. So you're not going to see any benefit in Q3 and you're likely to see modest benefit from that kind of an initiative in Q4. But it's all the base work and planting the seeds that are going to put us in a better position to accelerate that growth as we exit this year get into 2011.
