David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. We look forward to building on Zimmer Biomet's first quarter performance throughout the balance of 2016 as well as maintain our progress towards exiting the year at or above market growth rates. We'll continue capitalizing on the growing strength of our commercial organization and our comprehensive musculoskeletal portfolio. And lastly, we'll also remain focused on sustaining our earnings performance and driving operating margin leverage in 2016, while continuing to meet our financial commitments and exercising disciplined capital allocation. And now, I'd like to ask Cleona to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: I don't think that this is much of a market dynamic as it is us rebuilding momentum and focus within the commercial execution side. We have a very strong portfolio. It is the case that weather and other external drivers can impact the trauma market, but I don't think that that usually measures up to be anything more than 100 basis points or 200 basis points. So we are highly confident as we continue to build out specialized sales force within that category on a global basis, that is, and continue the cross-selling training on the product side, that we're going to show material improvements in that business unit as we progress through 2016.
David Dvorak: We referenced just so you have an apples-to-apples comparison sequentially, Bob, the impact of billing days. So there is an enhancement by virtue of billing days in the second quarter, but notwithstanding that, we showed continued progression in our forecast as we displayed from Q4 to Q1 and we just believed that everything that we're doing to stabilize the sales force, to invest in the non-large joint categories, in particular, with expansion of that sales force, the cross-training, the medical training education events, all of that is building towards the progress in each of the product categories. And so I would tell you that it is very broad-based. Quite literally every geographic segment and every product category is anticipated to improve sequentially between now and the end of the year. And it's one of the reasons that we have such strong confidence in that progression is there isn't a single category that's driving it. Rather, every category is expected to prove in each quarter between now and the balance of the year. And I think that we're seeing it earlier probably in large joints and it stands to reason that that would be the case with the size of the business and those portfolios and the historic culture being ultra-focused on large joints and knees in particular. So I think knees is out ahead even within large joints of hips, but we are seeing the same signs of continued improvement in hips. And then I would tell you that the SET category is expected to show some very material improvement beginning in the second quarter and continuing into the second half of the year. It's driven by the cross-sell primarily, but we're starting to lace in, as we begun to emphasize some of the new product introductions too. And as we get into the second half of the year, we'll see some of the early signs of traction with those product launches that went out in the first quarter.
David Dvorak: Sure, David. Both of those dynamics are very accurate. We have seen, particularly in the U.S., a step-up in large joints. I think that the EMEA market is healthier than what we're currently experiencing as we were just responding to the prior question on that front. So the market is healthy in large joints and we know that we have big opportunities in other product categories as well. The focus on the large joint categories we have been improving our performance sequentially even above the rate of the improvement in the market growth rates, and so over a 100 basis points of GAAP closure in large joints as a whole, and that's been driven both by U.S. and o U.S. knee improvement. We see the U.S. knees improving about 70 basis points relative to market performance; o U.S. knees improving about 160 basis points relative to market. And U.S. hips as well going from Q4 to Q1 improved about 120 basis points, so those GAAP closures are really important measures, as you referenced, but it's always nice to be participating in a robust market itself. And both of those factors contribute to the visibility that we have to improve the performance and close the GAAP, and as a consequence raise our guidance for the full year to the 2% to 3%.
David Dvorak: We absolutely are confident that we do. We have the existing portfolio to complete effectively. And you're right, scale does matter and in this category, the level ones and the level twos demand, comprehensive portfolios, and it's tough to be a niche player in that phase. And the combination greatly enhances our competitiveness within trauma. The other thing that it does is, and it's consistent across some of the other non-large joint categories for us, it puts us in a position to continue to innovate in a more diversified way and get after some of the higher risk, higher return projects to address on that needs in that category. And so rest assured that not only do we expect to execute with the current portfolio in an effective manner, but our pipeline is going to be more diverse than it's ever been and the scale gives us that opportunity. So we would look to address on that needs and push out really to establish ourselves as true innovators within the trauma space in due time.
David Dvorak: Sure, David. I think we have an opportunity, because of the pendency period that was prolonged for 14 months between signing and closing to do extensive planning. And the teams took advantage of that time and developed extraordinarily detailed integration plans to go after the topline opportunity as well as the operating expense opportunities, and it's pretty clear based upon our execution that we've been able to, if anything, retrieve and realize the operating expense synergies in an accelerated fashion as evidenced by last year's performance in that regard. I think to your question, you end up with the best visibility one can have in planning those topline opportunities and now we're in a stage where we're executing it. So we're making refinements and part of what Dan is outlining, by the way of reinvestment, would include something like the products that are going, and beyond, in theory having a cross-sell opportunity, we're realizing success. We're up in production. We're ordering more instruments. And so that's a good example of the reality. With any new product launch, and as we referred to it as sort of the mother of all product launches, you end up having some surprises both negative and positive, and where we see the positive surprises, we're going to fuel that growth. So we've got a stable channel. We're on a net basis adding sales reps in an intelligent way relative to our opportunity to make sure that our coverage is going to exploit fully the broad bag that we have, and then we're dialing it up in medical training and education and instruments and inventory where we see the growth opportunities because of early traction in the sales force. And that visibility is extraordinarily helpful. It gives us line of sight, as to sequentially between now and the end of the year, what we think we can do.
David Dvorak: It's a big dynamic and a big opportunity, Matt. And it's so consistent with our focus on musculoskeletal care, up and down the continuum and across the episode of care with systems, solutions and services. And this has been our strategy going back for the better part of a decade. So we really do believe, we're uniquely positioned, and these conversations and the partnership that we're entering into reflected that, the breadth of our portfolio and our commitment to developing these partnerships in a manner that adds value is going to be long-term and deep. I will tell you, every one of those conversations is validating to the work that we've done. As I said, over the last decade, I think that you can envision a day where it's very much the case that the end-to-end patient engagement is something that we're more deeply involved with. And as a consequence of the data and insight that we glean in partnership with customers that are progressive thinkers in this regard that we're mining that data, creating the right treatment algorithms, and the right clinical and economic support that announces where the unmet needs are and the opportunities for continuous improvement on both clinical and economic basis. And that's our vision. And there are a lot of customers across the globe that share that vision. And I think that, again, there are limited numbers of companies that can sit at the table with the offerings that we have to bring value to that conversation and be able to follow through and deliver. So we're excited about the opportunity and you're going to hear a lot more from us going forward on that front.
David Dvorak: I think its deeper partnerships, Matt. And I think that one doesn't want to take too superficial of a view and jump to the monetization of that relationship, rather I think it needs to be about value creation. And if there is true value creation opportunity, we believe that there is true value creation opportunity through those deeper partnerships, there is going to be plenty of opportunity to sharing that upside and broader relationship up and down. Again, that continuum of care and that episode of care, and you can envision from the point of diagnosis and joint preservation through sports medicine, partial, total, revision, salvage, and the large joint, biological solutions, interventions that make sense both clinically and economically, we are convinced that there is value to be gathered for both parties and all the other stakeholders, and most importantly patients. And if we get that right, we're going to be able to figure the rest of it out. So that's the mindset that we have in entering into those relationships. A lot of flexibility and agility to get after making a difference for patients, and that's going to redound all the other stakeholders benefits. And we're sure that we'll participate that in an appropriate way.
David Dvorak: I think it's just timing to get after the opportunity more than anything, Raj, as it relates to the SET businesses. The opportunity that we have with this combination to materially enhance the focus from a commercial standpoint is one that we're taking advantage of. And we're going to start to see in the short-term, as in Q2, some of the benefits in the SET categories. And then you jump outside of the SET categories, down we had a unique event with a field action back in Q4. As we've referenced, we were working through that challenge and Q1 will be out of that challenge by the end of Q2, and that's going to help enhanced the performance of the dental business. And then as we noted all along, the commercial integration on the spine side was known to be more challenging. And so we're going to like the result, but that one is going to take a quarter or two longer than the large joint. So we're tracking very consistently with what our integration plans contemplated, Raj. And the teams are doing an excellent job from our perspective on the execution front.
David Dvorak: With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8:00 AM on July 28. So I'll turn the call back to you, Cleona.
Daniel Florin: Well, I would tell you that, Young, first of all we're excited about the opportunity that CJR provides. Going back a decade now we've been building out a comprehensive set of not only implant solutions, but services in a comprehensive nature in anticipation of a world that would be more consistent with what CJR is contemplating, that is how do we go about developing deeper partnerships with customers to bring higher quality of care in the most cost-efficient way possible. Our acquisition going back nine years ago of Accelero and the services they bring to their patient flow are focused exclusively on that area. And we've been able to bridge technologies and still more services to help develop those partnerships and build out a comprehensive care package that gets into patient engagement earlier in that episode of care, all the way through post acute care with rehabilitative services. And coming back to your question, that last area is probably where the light is going off in our customer conversation, with realizations that as much as 40% of the cost of care is incurred post acute, so the rehabilitation end of joint replacement. I would tell you that the customers are in different places right now, and their level of developing plans that are truly going to be responsive to the economic model that they're going to be living within going forward, so the early adopters and more progressive thinkers have been very sophisticated and were far long in developing key partnerships and enhancing their capabilities to be prepared for that day. Others are coming to grips with the reality that over time their world is going to shift away from fee-for-service. But in any event, we feel like we have a lot to offer with a full portfolio of solutions and services in that context. And it is the case, I do believe that as I was just referencing, that it's caused more energy on the customer part to be focused over to the post-acute care dimension of delivering the total joint solution.
Daniel Florin: Yes. You're right. And this is one where we've seen excellent historic progress and generated great results over a long time period and so that team are the proven leaders and winners within that market. So we have all the talent that we need, and in an enhanced portfolio I think it's probably a geographic segment that has had more work to do on the integration front. And if you think about integrating within those jurisdictions, you have work councils and some external pacing items that sort of create inhibitors to getting after the cross-sell opportunity, for example. We're pushing through those consistent with our plans, and I think that what you saw in Q1, Bob, was the consistent performance, if not on large joints, a bit of sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1. And we expect to see another step in that direction and a pretty significant step up in the SET category. So we have good visibility to improve performance and that ought to stair step in Q2, Q3 and Q4 within EMEA.
Daniel Florin: David I wouldn't call them earnings headwinds, I call them intentional investment to drive topline growth. Smart investments focused at topline growth. So as we have indicated, for example, on the medical device tax, the suspension of that, the reinvestment of that, that's embedded in our guidance --it's still embedded in our guidance. And then as we look at the balance of the year, with respect to the currency tailwind, we do see opportunities to continue to make investment in our areas of focus such as specialized sales forces, medical education and training globally, but also importantly in the emerging market to sustain that growth. Our R&D programs, investing in personalized solutions and consultative services that add value across the continuum of care that David spoke about, enhanced instrument deployments to further drive cross-sell, and things of that nature. So as we look at the opportunity to reinvest, we're keenly focused on proper drop-through of better earnings, but also reinvesting that where it make sense to reinvest.
Daniel Florin: I think that the fundamental demographic drivers, Joanne, I think we are seeing healthy markets stable. There is a bit of an offset obviously as everyone else has been discussing relative to certain of the emerging market. The Latin America headwinds are still real consistent with expectations coming into the year. The Q4 and Q1 have been healthy markets in the developed countries and we certainly have benefitted from them. We look to benefit to a greater extent as the quarters progress in 2016 with our execution.
Daniel Florin: Sure. We have a good pipeline and we've made progress even in the first quarter in that regard. Mike, right now, outside of large joints on a global basis, we have round numbers 2,000 sales reps exclusively focused in the other categories. And between now and the balance of the decade, we look to expand that sales force in a material fashion and 2016 represents our first installment. So you could measure our plans in the hundreds in that regard. In 2016, we're tracking consistent with that plan. Step one was obviously the second half of 2015 to make the integration steps and stabilize those sales forces. We've rebuilt the pipeline of talent and that talent is coming to fruition, so we're in a net add position as of Q1 even, and we will look to accelerate that for the balance of the year. So I feel like we're executing those plans very well and we're already seeing some of the early signs of traction. It's part of what gives us confidence and accelerated topline growth between now and the balance of the year.
Daniel Florin: I responded earlier in terms of the types of investments, so there were clearly be a focus on the R&D line. So you can expect to see our spend at the R&D line to improve or to expand sequentially as we progresses through the year and that's a fairly broad base sort of investments focused on large joints, SET, programs aimed at our personalized solutions portfolio as we discussed. You'll also see in the SG&A categories some reinvestment, medical education and training, so that takes the form of training new surgeon around the world, capitalizing on the opportunity that the cross-sell investments in med ed in emerging markets, and specialized sales force, as David just mentioned adding hundreds of incremental focused sales rep particularly in the SET categories, and things of that nature. So I think you'll see it mainly in the R&D line, but also in SG&A as we progress through the year.
Daniel Florin: David, we're still comfortable with the previous cash flow guidance that we provided both on an operating and free cash flow basis.
Daniel Florin: We're comfortable with the consistency of the calculation and the visibility that's provided. We had had a successful quarter in managing the business in this regard in Q4, and as you know another successful quarter in Q1 of 2016. Some of it has to do with just our forward visibility to contracts and renewals and what's in the pipeline. And so we came into the year expecting minus 2. We continue to expect something closer to that in subsequent quarters. Q2, Q3 and Q4 of 2016, and contributing to that potential uptick relative to where we were in Q1 is going to be the biannual price adjustment in Japan, which comes online here at the beginning of the second quarter, so that's sort of been quantified. It's consistent with most of the past adjustments, say, in mid-single digits based upon our product mix. So you can look at that as being the potential for round numbers, a 20 basis points uptick on a consolidated basis, but I think that we're managing the business intelligently. I mean one of the benefits of the combination is the capability with this broad portfolio to product position, and with the breadth of the portfolio and the capability to tier these products and better match the demand, the needs of customers, it puts us in a better position to maintain pricing on premium technologies, for example, across the globe, that is. And with the increased transparency on pricing across the globe, that's a big asset. So it's a good new story. The teams are taking advantage of that opportunity, but again, its two good quarters in that regard and we don't want to call it a stronger trend at this point in time. That probably does cause us to moderate a bit the negative 2% price expectation coming into the year, but we think that we're going to edge above up the 0.9 that we experienced in Q1, as we move into Q2 and beyond.
Daniel Florin: Raj, I would say that our thinking on that remains as it has been, which is we continue to be interested in smart business development opportunities with a strategic focus remaining on musculoskeletal. We'll remain discipline in that regard. We'll look for targets that leverage our sales channel to drive sustainable growth and maximize shareholder value. And we'll also stay focused and show sustainable and solid returns within a reasonable time horizon. So I wouldn't think of any shift in that regard. We're still very focused on driving improvements in our free cash flow yield out overtime that will continue to be a focus, and that gives us a lot of flexibility as we progress looking at debt pay down, M&A activity, dividend payment and so on and so forth. So we will stay very disciplined as we always have been. End of Q&A
