Bryan Hanson: Yes, clearly a lot of variables that are still moving, but if I just think about kind of the here and now and just look at what we’ve already accomplished in January, I’d just say it was a really strong start to the year. Again, we’re still looking at those variables, but when I think about the things that we can control, things around execution or innovation, they’re going in the direction we want. When I think about the things we can’t control, it’s procedural recovery and supply challenges. Those are also coalescing in a nice way, so I guess suffice to say based on those things, the momentum right now, and it’s early days, but the momentum right now in 2023 is feeling really good.  Again, we’ll continue to monitor those other variables, but we feel pretty good about how we’re starting.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, so I would say that probably the biggest reason that you’re seeing that outsized growth overall, I wouldn’t define it as backlog consumption. I don’t believe we’ve started to consume the backlog. I would define it more as comps, we just had easier comps. I’d maybe call that procedure recovery versus the prior year, so that to me is not something that’s necessarily sustainable but it was just easier comps, being that we had more pressure last year. Pricing was better, though, across the board, whether it’s our company or other companies. We did a better job in pricing as a group and as a result of that, that buoyed us as well. Suke’s talked before about what our expectations are in pricing as we move into 2023, but I’m sure we’ll get another question around that, so those are probably the two biggest things that wouldn’t be as sustainable. But make no mistake, I feel like the market is strong, and some of the things that we look to that can buoy sustainably the market growth is innovation, and innovation adoption right now in orthopedics is really promising, not just the typical innovation but technology innovation that absolutely can drive the share of wallet or mix benefit you get with that new innovation.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, so when we come into 2023, even though it’s not going to be a normal market, we’re still thinking about SET as being able to be a mid single digit grower. That’s the way we’re looking at that. In an undisturbed market, we would think the same thing. Remember in the first half, though, we’re going to be a bit pressured still by the restorative therapies group and that change in reimbursement, but even with that throughout the year, we believe that that segment can grow in the mid single digits. The key drivers for that, because we don’t treat all the businesses the same from an investment standpoint, will be our growth drivers, which would be upper extremities for us, our sports business, and in certain portions of our CMFT business.
Bryan Hanson: Sure. Maybe I’ll just start with the Embody thing. That’s a relatively small acquisition. I would probably think more about that as a product launch, so it’s not overly material but it’s a very attractive subspace of sports. As we’re building our that commercial channel, it’s one of those things you really need in your bag to attract talent to that commercial channel, so it’s important to us but I wouldn’t look at that as a significant or a material impact to the year, only in the sense that we’re going to be able to bring that channel in place and get good momentum in sports overall. From an M&A standpoint, yes, we are clearly in Phase 3 of the transformation of the company, which I’ve clearly talked about looks at portfolio transformation, focused on getting more revenue in faster growth markets in its simplest form, and that’s exactly what we’re going to concentrate on. The fact is as our balance sheet continues to strengthen, our flexibility here, strategic flexibility goes up, and we will look at acquiring technologies that make sense from a mission standpoint for the company, that we see a path to leadership in, that we think will increase our weighted average market growth because that’s important for sustainability, and we see a path to be able to increase growth rate and EPS. I’ve said before there are three areas that we’ll look at for acquisitions, mainly kind of smaller to midsized deals, but we’d look at things that would enhance our position in recon in those faster growth sub-markets - that could be robotics, data, or the ASC setting. In orthopedic area diversification, that would be in faster growth sub-segments like sports or CMFT or extremities, and then as you said, those things that might be outside of orthopedics that would help us diversify the business away from elective procedures but also in fast growth markets.  All of those things are on the table right now, and again as our balance sheet strengthens, our ability to action that obviously also increases. We’re going to stay disciplined, there’s no question about it, but we are clearly on the hunt for targets that make sense in those ways.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, and I think we do a really nice job of not just getting individual deals but also getting multiple placements in the same account. You do typically have hybrid accounts where you’ve got us in there with robotics and potentially another competitor, but it’s not just greenfield, it is existing accounts where you’ve gotten to the point where you don’t have enough capacity for that robotics system and they want to buy another system, so it’s a combination of those two things.
Bryan Hanson: Just to make sure no one’s confused, Persona OsseoTi, we’ve not used the name before, but that is the new form factor for cementless for Persona. 
Bryan Hanson: Yes, so you know, first of all, I think it’s really important - we never really pay a whole lot of attention to any individual quarter. Obviously this quarter was a pretty strong one for us globally and in the U.S., but we don’t try to over-index on that. We do an eight-quarter trend and we look at how we’re trending versus market, and I even try to stay away from specific competitors but just the overall market growth, looking at the largest players. I would say in that eight-quarter trend, as that continues to roll, we’re seeing good performance versus market in large joints, both hip and knee, probably more in knee than hip, but overall we’re feeling pretty good.  You’ve got to go back to before Q2 2020. As you probably remember, we had 20 straight quarters of being below market in every quarter, so five years below market in large joints, so we definitely have seen a sea change in our ability to perform at or above market in large joints, which as you know is our biggest business. That’s the way we think about it and we break it in a bunch of different ways - year over year, we look at it on a stacked basis, we look at it sequentially, but in all those areas when we look at that eight-quarter trend, we’re feeling good about where we are.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, so maybe I’ll start off on a broad-based basis, because there’s really two factors that you talked about, Suke, in being able to drive performance in the fourth quarter. One would be supply challenges alleviating, but also the innovation building, because those are almost two separate things, so we’ll make sure that we talk about both of those, and Ivan, maybe talk about some of the innovation.  For us when we think about the supply challenges, it really comes down to material shortages that we’re seeing, that we think are going to get better as we move in through the year, labor shortages that we think are going to get better as we move in through the year, and then sterilization capacity, which everybody is dealing with right now, that I do believe is going to catch up at some point. That’s why we think supply challenges are going to get better, but it’s pretty broad-based. I can’t look at supply challenges and say it’s just this product or that product because it’s in packaging, it’s in resins. Almost everything that we’re dealing with has some form of supply challenges, like sterilization for instance, so I wouldn’t isolate the supply challenges to a product or product set. It’s just a broad-based pressure that we’re feeling. Outside of that, it’s around innovation that’s going to be building, and maybe you can talk to some of the things you’re excited about there.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, we’re ready now. Again, the balance sheet is moving in a place that allows us to have even more strategic flexibility than we’ve had in the past, which is a good thing. As I’ve said, it’s probably more of those smaller to midsized deals that would be a bit closer to the vest for now, in other words closer to the orthopedic space that we are already in, but we’re ready. We’re definitely ready. Now it comes down to opportunistically finding the right target at the right price and the right returns, but we are ready to move into Phase 3 of the transformation for sure.
Bryan Hanson: That is the question that I think we’re all grappling with. There’s clearly backlog. You might call it longer waiting lists, backlog - you can define it the way you want, but the fact is there’s pent-up demand for these procedures. The rate limiting factor is really capacity at the provider level. You could--because even it’s a supply challenged environment, maybe even capacity constraints the company level, but I think the bigger capacity constraint at this point is at the provider level. We actually had a third party run this analysis for us because we really wanted to get in tune to what is the size of the backlog based on the third party’s view, and then also when they believe the backlog would start coming through and at what pace. What we found in that is that, number one, they came back with there is a very sizeable backlog in orthopedics - actually, their analysis came back smaller than what we expected, but still very material. They said that when we start to work through it, it would be constrained again because of the capacity, and it was a relatively minor impact, a tailwind for sure but impact to the overall market growth, just given the capacity constraints you’re going to have in the provider for some period of time. The good news about that, I guess, is when we start to digest the backlog, it will come as a positive tailwind, likely for years. It wouldn’t be overly material in any given year, but it would be a tailwind for multiple years, so that’s the analysis that we have and we just--again, just doing the math, we don’t believe that we’re into that backlog yet. Hopefully we’ll see some of that come in 2023, but we’re not depending on that when you look at the center of our guidance range.
Bryan Hanson: Just a couple thoughts. First of all, thanks for joining us this morning. I would say I hope it’s clear that the Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the transformation of this company are well on track and we’re feeling very good about where we stand. I can tell you because of those two phases, I feel that we’ll at least take our fair share of the markets that we play in, and certainly hope to do more than that. Now we’re moving onto Phase 3, and that really is the portfolio transformation of our company. We’re looking at changing the mix of our revenue to make sure that we have more of that mix in high growth markets, and we’re going to do that in three ways, which is kind of a combination of Phase 2/Phase 3.  The first one is innovation - we’re going to invest in innovation in the right areas, in faster growth markets so that we build more revenue through that innovation in those attractive markets. It gives you real time revenue growth but it also makes it sustainable by increasing the weighted average market growth of the company. The second is investment in the commercial channel. You’ve got to have the commercial channel and capability to drive that innovation and make it real. The third is portfolio--active portfolio management, really looking at moving things into the organization and out of the organization that can drive our weighted average market growth rate up, so we are clearly in that phase. We have a better balance sheet right now that we’re going to be able to leverage in that part of the transformation, and make no mistake, we feel very confident about Phase 1, Phase 2, and now Phase 3 given that balance sheet freedom that we’re going to have going forward. With that, I think we’ll go ahead and end the call.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, I think one of the key drivers is obviously going to be revenue growth, right, so if we continue to navigate the challenges around supply as we have been and as we saw in the fourth quarter, if we continue to see stabilization in the market and start to trend towards the upper half of the range, clearly that will help drive some margin expansion as we continue to leverage our overall cost base. Beyond that, it’s just the normal block and tackling that this company has gotten accustomed to over the last four or five years. We’re going to continue to drive sourcing improvements around site optimization, six sigma procurement. I’ll tell you, the commercial team has really stepped up. I’ve never seen a focus on mix, on simplification of the supply chain and SKU rationalization, on pricing before in the company’s history, so I think we’ve made really good strides from a commercial perspective, which I think could be some leverage to the potential upside. Then across SG&A, we’re still in the early innings of fully leveraging our shared service operating model, which we started through the pandemic, so I think we have a number of things at our disposal that can help either expand margins or de-risk our margin aspirations in a downturn, so feeling really good about what the overall team has been able to accomplish and where we can go with this.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, sure Larry. Good to be with you today. You’re right - we pegged FX as a headwind year-over-year at 150 basis points. That’s an improvement from our original commentary back on our third quarter call. Originally, we were thinking 300 basis points, and so we did see some moderation of the dollar at the very back end of 2022 and early part of ’23, so that drove the improvement. The way to think about it is we use recent rates. We look at the full cadre of all of our currency exposures. One of the things to recall, remember that about 40% of our revenue is foreign currency exposed. Half of that is euro and yen, right, so the other half is a lot of other currencies that you have to take into consideration. When we aggregate all that, we’re at 150 basis points. Hopefully we continue to see things improve throughout this year and things turn favorable, but for right now, that’s our latest estimate. The flow-through on that, we expect it to be about 20% to 30% down to earnings. That’s a little bit less than what we said last year, and as I said last year when we quoted 30%, there are a lot of variables that can affect that but it’s still a reasonable drop-through to historical norms. So again, 150 basis points based on recent rates, euro, yen making up about half of our foreign currency exposure, and the flow-through being about 20% to 30%.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, I’ll actually level up from margin expansion and talk a bit more about how we think about it, which is earnings power inside the company. Our goal is to drive a leveraged P&L, right, and what do I mean by that? We’re looking for earnings growing faster than revenue, and as we approach those revenue outlooks that Bryan just talked about, we see a very clear path to being able to do that. Now, margin expansion will be a key building block in that, but it’s not the only one, right? Obviously sales leverage and then our ability to continue to leverage our interest rate, as well as tax, there are a number of levers at our disposal to drive that earnings power higher than revenue.  Inside of that for margin, we continue to have the same variables that I’ve been talking about for quite some time, and the company has continued to show improvement on all those fronts, whether it’s pricing, manufacturing simplification, cost improvement, SG&A improvement - I mean, just look at our SG&A this year, we’ve been flat year-over-year while driving expansion in a number of areas in commercial infrastructure, so we’ve shown that we can do this. I’m confident we can continue moving forward and start to really see that durable revenue expansion that Bryan talked about. I’m very confident we can drive earnings power faster than revenue.
Suketu Upadhyay: Sure, I’ll take that. First of all, thanks for the question, Josh. On pricing, we had a really good fourth quarter. If you look at our disclosure, our press release, you’d actually see that pricing is positive in the fourth quarter. Now, I would say on an underlying basis, pricing had erosion of about 100 to 150 basis points. We benefited by some year-over-year comps due to BBP, and we also had some one-time pull adjustments that were favorable in the quarter that drove us to be positive in the fourth quarter. But on an underlying basis, I would still think about it as 100 to 150 basis points erosion, which is still incredibly good versus our historical average of 200 to 300 basis points. We ended the year at about 150 basis points of erosion, again, so a pretty clear step change to where we’ve been historically.  I talked about in my scripted remarks, we expect next year--or this year, I should say, 2023 to be slightly better than that annual average that we had before 2022, so maybe not as good as ’22 but definitely better than where we’ve historically been. There are a number of drivers inside of that. Some of them are transitional, some are more structural in nature. The ones that I’m more excited about are those structural improvements that we’ve made. We’ve made a lot of investments around capabilities, around systems, around analytics. We’ve got better governance, we’ve got better discipline. It’s an area we incent the field force off of now, so there are a host of things that structurally are improving our price performance as we move to 2023, and that’s sticking and part of our guide. If you think about the dynamics between U.S. and EMEA and Asia Pacific, maybe I’ll let Ivan talk a little bit about what he’s seeing.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, and Robbie, just back to your question around supply chain, our comments on Q4 and then 2023, we did see pressure in the fourth quarter around supply chain. I think you’ve heard us comment on that, and not inconsistent with what you’re hearing around the sector, we expect those challenges to continue into 2023.  The commentary on Q4, just to provide a little color that we think that our group did a really nice job in navigating that. The situation continues to be dynamic into ’23, but our expectation is that we’re going to continue to navigate that really well.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, let me take that one. You heard us correctly. First half will be stronger than the second half from a growth rate perspective, top line ex-FX. First quarter will be the strongest followed by the fourth quarter, and then the second and third quarter. Let me go into a little bit more detail. On the first quarter, that will be our strongest one primarily due to procedural recovery. Remember, we’re comparing against the first quarter of 2022, which had omicron in it, and therefore you’ve got a nice comp benefit. In the fourth quarter, that’s generally from a seasonality perspective from growth, usually one of our strongest quarters, and we’re assuming a nice benefit from the innovation, the momentum of innovation build throughout the year from new products and execution, so that’s why we characterize that as our second-largest quarter. Then inside of that, the second and third quarter will actually have tougher comps because that’s when we began to see some recovery last year relative to omicron.  The day rate impact, you’re right - we said 100 basis points for each of Q1 and Q4, that’s a tailwind which will be offset by headwinds in Q2 and Q3, so you’ve got it largely right there.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, we would see this as breakeven to positive in the first 24 months, so it’s very attractive from a margin profile, from an earnings accretion profile. As Bryan said, it’s more or less like a product launch right now, but as that begins to ramp up from a revenue standpoint and begins to cover some of the investments we’re making in a very important sector in sports and extremities, we feel good about the return profile. It meets all of our hurdles from an NPV, IRR, ROIC metric perspective, and so again it’s early days but neutral within the first 24 months.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, so you’re right - we did point to the higher end of our range back in ’22 of 50 to 100 basis points flowing into ’23. We’re actually seeing that come through year-over-year as a headwind to gross margin. I could say, though, I’m very pleased with how the commercial and supply chain teams have reacted to that, and we believe we’re going to be in a position to offset all of that and pretty much hold gross margin flat year-over-year That’s coming from a number of variables, but again we’re really proud with what the team’s done to offset that. The impact that we saw in 2022 was, I would say, about 100 basis points as well, and if you actually look at gross margin performance, it was flat to 2021, so again the team did a really nice job in offsetting those headwinds. Once again, we’re demonstrating and showing that we can be disciplined, we can offset these headwinds and help our earnings growth over time.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, so we’re seeing China and COVID surges clearly start to stabilize in the first quarter. It was pretty acute there in the fourth quarter. Fortunately, we were able to offset it with strength in other markets, so overall China wasn’t as big a factor in the fourth quarter and we don’t see it as a material mover, at least from a COVID standpoint, in the first quarter. We do see China as a very attractive market for overall growth in ’23 and beyond, especially now that we’ve moved through all of the pain and noise of BBP, which is now sunsetting behind us, so really feeling good about where that market is, and now that team can start to position towards not only growing the business but start to really work on the margin structure of China as a whole, coming out of BBP. So again, feel very optimistic about where we are there. Yes, what a way to end a call on a good quarter and good outlook with shared services, but I love your ambition and I’m going to share that with the leadership team that we’ve got to move faster, so thanks for the question.
Ivan Tornos: Hey Travis, good morning - Ivan here. I don’t know where they are, we don’t pay attention to where competitors are. We pay attention to where we are in the process. I’ll tell you frankly, I’ll be very surprised if we’re not first to market, given where we are in the development cycle. My expectation remains that we’re going to be ahead. The most important part is not just the speed in the actual launch, it’s the quality, the features and benefits that we have in the platform. Given the mix of developers that we have involved in the project, I do think it’s going to be transformational for our platform, so that would be my answer.
Ivan Tornos: I’m happy to take that one, Drew. I’ll tell you, Q4 was solid both from a Rosa installation and purchasing standpoint. I’m not aware of any deal that we’ve lost, whether it’s here in the U.S or OUS relative to capital. We also do small capital deals in the surgical business and those were on track as well, so sequentially Q3 to Q4 of 2022 was solid. Because of comps, obviously, it’s a lower number than a year ago, but so far, so good when it comes to capital, so nothing that I’ve seen so far leads me to believe that we’re going to have a challenge when it comes to robotics. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes, I can take that as well. We’ve been in the low teens, as we’ve been disclosing. That’s obviously prior to the launch of Persona OsseoTi, which is now in the market, it’s been around for two weeks. The expectation is that number is going to dramatically increase, and as you know, Drew, in combination with robotics, you’re going to see a collateral effect. You’re going to see increase of cementless mix, you’re going to see an increase of robotics penetration, so we’re already bullish about where we’re going to end at the end of the year. We don’t disclose that externally, but you should expect something fairly aggressive.
Ivan Tornos: Thanks Suke. So far, we’re not seeing the performance when it comes to pricing being in a single region. Frankly, 2022, all three regions beat our expectations when it comes to pricing. The most important part, I do think it’s sustainable with the guidance that we’ve given for 2023. The role of innovation also is a critical component of the sustainability of that pricing. As you think about bundle deals, as you think about bringing innovation, that is going to drive mix and in some cases a bit of price performance. 
Ivan Tornos: Yes, sure. Good to talk to you here today, Robbie. Innovation, as we discussed at JP Morgan earlier in the year, could be a three-hour conversation, so I’m going to try to keep it more or less succinct. But I will tell you, I truly believe today innovation is a key competitive advantage. Two data points right out of the gate that I mentioned, vitality index, the percentage of sales coming from new products has more than doubled over the last two years, and we expect the number to increase dramatically over the strategic horizon. Then the second part, we filed in 2022 the highest number of 510(k)s in the history of the company, and actually we had the largest number of approvals, public information, when it comes to the peer group.  Breaking down innovation into three or four buckets, when it comes to knees, I already mentioned Persona OsseoTi - that is the new cementless form factor, that device that we have here at Zimmer Biomet. The clinical data we have on that product is compelling. We believe it’s highly stable when it comes to the mechanical and biological fixation. It’s extremely versatile - you can all the way to the end of the surgery decide whether you want to go cemented or cementless. It does use the Persona technology, so it’s highly anatomic, you can customize the device to any kind of anatomy. We’ve got the broadest [indiscernible] ranges.  I’m excited with Persona Smart - we don’t talk much about it because we still are in the limited market trials, but I like where it’s going. I like the opportunity that we have with Persona Smart, especially later in the year.  When it comes to hips, in the prepared remarks, Bryan talked about HipInsight is the first and only mixed reality digital surgery platform for hip arthroplasty. This is making procedures faster. This is increasing accuracy in the actual procedure. When you come to the meeting in Vegas at the academy, I think you’ll be impressed. It effectively gives the surgeon X-ray vision over the anatomy of the patient, the instruments, the implants. You’re going to get more accuracy, faster procedures. It is going to be transformational.  I like the momentum we have with both Rosa hips and knees. We have a strong portfolio when it comes to shoulder- let’s talk about Identity, the transformational launch that we did at the end of 2022. That is followed by a cadence of launches on Glenoids, on Signature ONE planning - I could spend an hour on that, and then through organic and inorganic means, I think we have a best-in-class portfolio in sports med. This will be my three minute summary on a lot of things that are happening from an innovation standpoint, but I’ll close it by saying again, I do believe it’s a true competitive advantage for Zimmer Biomet.
Ivan Tornos: Maybe I can take that one, Kyle. First things first, on the three segments we think that are growth drivers: sports med, upper extremities, and CMFT, we have double if not triple the number of people dedicated to these specialties. The sports med expansion is very real now that we have a portfolio, so the number of dedicated specialized people has dramatically increased in these three categories. In tandem, we also increased the number of people that are fully dedicated to the ASC environment, and that’s because these procedures for the most part do take place in that space, but that goes beyond sales reps. It also touches on the contracting arm of the organization. As far as your second question, the percentage of direct and indirect, I don’t think that we disclose that externally. We like where we are, we like the mix that we have of direct and indirect. We just left our sales meeting Denver, we had 2,000 people were there, and I tell you their mood is very solid whether an indirect or direct territory leader. I think people feel it’s a good time to be part of the company, but I don’t think we’ll break down the percentages externally.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, I’ll keep it short and sweet here. In any year, we expect to do no less than 300 installations, and we exceeded that expectation across all three regions. As you think about the future, ’23, ’24 and whatnot, that’s frankly the point of entry. I would be disappointed, maybe even jobless if we didn’t exceed that number, given the new applications in shoulder, next generation hip, and other technologies coming in, but we’re so far exceeding those expectations.
Keri Mattox: All right, Kyle, thanks so much for the questions. Katie, I think we have time for may one or two more.
Keri Mattox: All right, thanks Rick, and thanks for all the questions. I’ll turn it over to Bryan just to close out the call.
Keri Mattox: Yes, thanks everyone for joining us. I’m sure we’ll talk today, and of course if you have questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the IR team. Have a great day.
