David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. As we approach the opportunities of the year ahead, the substantial completion of our commercial integration combined with our broad and highly complementary portfolio, positions our business for accelerated top-line growth. In addition, we have supplemented our product offerings with an enhanced R&D investment that is 60% greater than existed within either stand-alone company. During 2016, we expect to release the cadence of differentiated products, technologies and services across the entirety of our musculoskeletal portfolio. Taken together with our demonstrated approach to discipline capital allocation, we’re committed to accelerating revenues and sustaining operating margin and earnings-per-share growth through the balance of the decade. And now, I’d like to ask George to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Right. David, I think it is appropriate to characterize the fourth quarter performance as you did. And yet, I would tell you that the progress that we made on the commercial channel integration was very, very significant. Probably the most important element of the integration as a whole, as Dan said, we - and you referenced, we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver on the operating synergies. But with the progress that we made in the fourth quarter to a point sales leaders across the globe, intermediary management level and clarify the roles of reps in all product categories, through compensation plans, the bags that they are going to be carrying, the territories that they’re going to be selling to, targets for them for 2016. All of that clarity and visibility along with a really aggressive effort to get people trained up on products that - six months ago they weren’t at all familiar with, because they didn’t have in their bag. That sets us up to make the progress that we’re referencing in 2016. So - and then we’re already seeing the beginnings of the cross-sell coming to fruition, as well we had some very successful kickoff meetings with further product training education, and I would tell you that the attendance, from a surgeon-perspective, our medical training education program show a big acceptance and interest in learning about the new products, technologies to ensure their safe and efficacious use, so all of that gives us visibility that we’re going to push out sequential improvement each quarter of 2016. And stands to reason relative to what we were a year ago that that would be the case with the certainty that comes with the progress I just described to you. Furthermore, the revenue dysynergies will begin to anniversary out as we get into the latter part of the year and so you can picture a line graph where the cross-sell is accelerating through the year. And the revenue dysynergies as you get to the back part of the year begin to anniversary out. And as a consequence we’d expect to hit market growth rates in the second half of the year, and then exit the year at or above market growth rates.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob. I think that to take them in order, the sales-force turnover is very consistent with our expectations. We had described to you that with a fairly normal cadence of turnover in 2015. But what had transpired in the first-half of the year was a slowing of the hiring, particularly in the case of the independent distributorships. That began to correct out as the months progressed. And now we’re entering 2016 with an expectation that that will net one another out and we’ll get into positive growth. In particular, emphasis is going to be placed upon the non-large joint to bring more sales-force specialization, because we have all the necessary ingredients from the product portfolio to compete very effectively in some of those faster growing markets. And a lot of room for growth and runway based upon our market share. So we’re enthusiastic about that. So consider the sales force to be stable and we would look 2016 to bring net gains and sales force representation. The presumption on the emerging markets and sort of the certain countries within Europe that we referenced in our comments is at steady state, probably more of what we would expect to see or what we experienced in the second half of 2015 continuing into 2016. And there’s been a lot of discussion around, Latin America in particular we’ve experienced that in full. In our case, our business in China is held up more strongly than what it sounds like other people are commenting on. And we continue to believe that will perform strongly. But even that business has slowed down. We’re still in a growth mode in China. So those emerging markets have gone from historically strong mid- to upper-teen growth quarter-to-quarter, to sort of double-digit growth by the middle of last year into low single-digit growth. And we’d expect that picture to improve, because we’re going to be anniversarying out of some of those downward trends, so more than that dictates that. As far as the products go, it’s a long list, but I could rattle off the top of my head some of the ones that we’re already seeing, a lot of interest and uptake on Persona, is it’s doing really well, obviously taking that product into the legacy Biomet customer accounts. I would tell you that within the knee category, we’re seeing a lot of interest in Oxford at this point in time. And that’s an opportunity for us. In light of the divestiture that’s pretty special. We are doing very well with Gel-One. We’re doing very well with Subchondroplasty. We’ve talked to you in the past about the hip products that are additive, mostly coming from the legacy Biomet side that had been performing quite well. And that’s a business unit that we need to shore up that concludes revision on the side of the hips. The comprehensive shoulder is doing very well on the Extremities side. And I would add in some of the complementary aspects of the product portfolio within Trauma. Distal Radius Plating, which was a space that legacy Zimmer was not hardly present at all-in. We’re going to do very well with that product. That’s a pretty good list for you.
David Dvorak: We have a couple of dozen products that we expect to launch this year David and just as the visibility to the existing product portfolio has become clear as we’ve been able to get around and talk to various stakeholders, I would tell you that the pipeline is just as impressive by virtue of the combination. And so, the thing I would tell you is that as we move those products into full commercial release, we’ll be communicating those, we’ll update you in the conference calls, we’ll be putting our press releases to highlight those product and solution releases. And we’d look to do a bit of a preview at the academy this year too. We just want to be smart about the pace of communicating that. But it is the case that it is across all product categories. It’s an impressive pipeline and that really isn’t the basis for the sequential growth. That plan is really built more fundamentally off of the existing bag. But I would tell you that we think that this product pipeline is going to set us up well, as we get back to market and beyond growth rates to sustain that performance going forward.
David Dvorak: So, David, I’ll respond to the first part. I would - maybe a subtle adjustment to the way you framed the response. I would tell you that the existing product portfolio puts us in a position to get back to market growth and then above market growth rate. And I see the pipeline is sustaining that above market performance thereafter.
David Dvorak: Sure, Larry. There really aren’t any such contracts. I think that to the extent that there were any kind of state plan that was more in the Biomet side, and those would have been geared towards retention through closing. So we’ve already transitioned the business. We’re running as one entity. And I would tell you further more that to the extent the third-party arrangements that we’re into as part of the distribution channel, with those we’ve had great success in solidifying those contracts, getting those things executed and those include any compensation plan that we carry forward. So that is seamless from 2015 and 2016. And we don’t see risk along the lines of what you’re questioning.
David Dvorak: Sure, Larry. I think that the opportunity to drive enhanced quality in a cost efficient way is an area of focus for us from an innovation standpoint. It’s been an area of focus for us through both internal and external development over the better part of the last decade. And we’re happy with our progress. The portfolio of preoperative and intraoperative technologies that we’ve assembled and continue to expand is strong. It includes proprietary technologies like iASSIST as well as Signature PSI eLIBRA for soft-tissue balancing. And we think that there is a wonderful value proposition for that set of technologies. But we’re mindful in a way that we’re developing these technologies to ensure that there is in fact a proven clinical benefit and it’s delivered in a cost efficient way. And in the evolving healthcare market that we’re looking to serve and the partnerships that we want to create, that it will be deeper than ever with these customers, to ensure that they’re bringing about an enhanced level of quality in the patient care, that they deliver at the same time, that they’re managing costs in an optimized way. We think that that’s the right recipe. So we think that there is a need and an opportunity to improve. We think that, for instance on the large joint side, to drive towards more reproducible use of these systems; the alignment, placement soft-tissue balancing; all areas that we’re very much focused on, we just think that it needs to take the form of clinical proven cost-efficient solutions. And so that’s what we’ve been focused on and what we’ll continue to focus on. We’re really agnostic as to the embodiment of that technology, so long as it meets those needs. With respect to - you referenced custom solutions; we have built out a wonderful portfolio of personalized solutions. Our interventions we can help clinicians irrespective of where that patient is in the disease state along the continuum of care. And then, wherever that plot point is on the continuum of care for that particular patient, we want to offer the most personalized solution. So when you apply that to our portfolio, everything from early intervention, joint preservation solution, such as Gel-One and Subchondroplasty through partial knee replacements, for instance, with Oxford into a total knee solution whether it’s Vanguard or Persona, The Personalized Knee System. That’s a system that offers approximately 17,000 permutations. So we did extensive work to identify anatomical differences and designed a system that would address any of those anatomical differences with clinical significance. And so, there really is a mass customization strategy that’s worked very well to leverage off of the heritage and clinical proof points of the legacy systems and ensure that we’re bringing about improved patient outcomes without incurring the risk of going backwards. We referenced Biomet’s custom solutions. It is the case that the Vanguard Select is a custom solution. So as I described to you, the mass customization approach that we took with Persona, there are going to be instances where a patient’s anatomy is such an outlier or in oncology context, bone void context, deformities, you need a true custom solution. And I’m sure that our company has done more of that in the musculoskeletal space than anyone, including the solutions that Biomet has provided. And that isn’t just in large joints. We do terrific work. I was just down a week ago in our craniomaxillofacial group. And they’ve done some, quite literally, life-saving solutions for patients on a true custom basis. So across all of our product lines, we have active efforts and existing solutions in that regard.
David Dvorak: Sure, Joanne. I think that that’s one where as we indicated going back a quarter, the expectation was we were going to see some revenue dyssynergies by virtue of the integration. We’ve completed that integration. All of the independent distributors are signed up at this point. United States is a strong channel and the product portfolio is stronger than either entity had quite obviously. So whether it’s MIS with the legacy Zimmer PathFinder system or lateral access approach with Timberline and the implant technologies, and we’ve got some exciting launches to come yet in 2016 on that front; so that a sales-force that’s ready to go. I don’t think that we’re going to be talking about that hitting back to market growth for very long before we’re past that point. We’re taking share. I expect that to happen in 2016.
David Dvorak: Well, we’ve had strong performance for a long, long time in that market. So I would expect, we continue to perform well relative to the market, Matt. But I think it’s also fair to point out that the mix of the business is likely different. Some of the companies that are reporting out have business segments and sectors that we don’t operate within, that it sounds like might be more materially impacted by what’s happening in a macro economic sense within that marketplace particular. For instance, the capital goods side is not that prominent for our businesses. It’s more of a traditional orthopedic business that we’re focused within the Chinese marketplace. So I would expect that business for us to continue to perform well, but as I said, it did slowdown relative to its historic growth rates.
David Dvorak: Yes. It was fairly substantial within the quarter. Now, we’re seeing the fact that that scheme of things, it’s not a large business, just because the downturn has been pretty dramatic in Latin America. As you said, within the United States market, we took a sequential step forward just in growth rates in both the large joint categories, but closed the gap to a greater extent in knees. And, Dan, you may be able to provide a little bit more clarity on the Latin America breakout.
David Dvorak: Thanks, Matt. So with that I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8 AM on April 28. I’ll turn the call back to you, George.
Daniel Florin: Sure, David. What gives us confidence is really the integration and synergy program and the progress that we continue to make and the clear line of sight that we have to the synergy opportunity as we progress through 2016. If you recall, at the time of the merger announcement, we announced $135 million of net EBIT synergies in year one. And then, during the Q3 call, we raised that to $155 million and stayed with the $350 million by year three. As we look at 2016, we see $225 million of cumulative net EBIT synergies in the P&L and we have good line of sight to that. So that’s what gives us strong conviction and the ability to deliver on that synergy, along with the ability to see sequential improvement on the top line and the flexibility we have with our capital allocation.
Daniel Florin: Sure, Mike. You’re right. We had experienced the last two years of very tight range within tens of basis points right around that two-number consistently. So the year actually ended on a positive note. And when you pull it altogether, minus 1.9% for the year is on the low-end, really at what we had guided to coming into the year. It was a good quarter. I think that the teams are doing a nice job in particular of positioning these products. The broader portfolio creates opportunities to ensure they were matching the customer need, customer ability. And I think that this is going to be a sustained feature of the broader portfolio that comes with the combination. That said, one quarter - a trend does not make. And we just want to be smart about our guiding going forward. I think that the 2% number is the right way to think about price down in 2016. And remember that, although we’re anniversarying out of - at the end of Q1, the biannual adjustment, which got spread off over two years in Japan, we’ll re-enter that world come April 1, with the next round. So all of that in, I think that that approximate 2% down is the right way to think about 2016, Mike.
Daniel Florin: Sure, Mike. I think about that market growth rate in round numbers of 3%. And the sequential improvement really isn’t driven by anything in particular by way of anniversarying, I guess, out of a loss in a particular area, as much as it is just running the offense that we have at this point in time. I mean, it’s true that the math is advantageous to produce growth rates based upon the performance of the company in the second-half of last year. And you’re able to have full access to those numbers to understand that dynamic, but we’re focused on taking what we believe to be the industry-leading product portfolio and executing. And remember that as we built this channel out across the globe, we picked the most successful leaders. In the U.S. we’ve referenced this before; on average those selected leaders were growing their business at 300 basis points above those that were not selected to take the business forward. So we have a lot of experience at the rep level, proven leadership at the territory level and with this product bag and running the offense that we expect to run, we’re just going to be driving ourselves back into that market growth rate. So think of that that second-half as 3% and then, of course, with the presumption that we’re communicating that every quarter we’re going to improve that we ought to be exiting the year at or above that 3% rate going into 2017.
Daniel Florin: David, with respect to operating cash flow in relationship to adjusted net earnings, certainly, 2015 and to a lesser extent 2016, cash flow has been weighted down by integration related cost as well as the merger cost themselves. So I think that you will absolutely see us kind of return to a normalcy in correlation between adjusted net earnings and our operating cash flows. So that’s the right way to think about it.
Daniel Florin: It’s actually a very important issue for us, and one that we are very focused on - over the past year we’ve been focused on establishing a way to repatriate cash from offshore to the U.S. in a tax efficient manner. And we did that through structuring alongside the merger transaction. So that was really a critical near-term priority that’s complete at this point. And as we come in here to 2016, coordinating efforts with our head of manufacturing and supply chain, we see a path towards a lower future adjusted effective tax rate. It takes some time to put the building blocks in place to accomplish that. But we’re very focused on it, and expect to see improvements in the years to come. Not in 2016, but beyond that we see a path towards a lower effective tax rate.
Daniel Florin: Well, I think that as David said in the U.S. on these good progress, closed the gap to market, not at market growth rates based on our model for the fourth quarter. But importantly, began to close that gap. Some work to do on hips. But as we talked about on the pipeline side and the cross-sell opportunity, we see a path towards closing that gap to market first-half of the year, and then, working our way back above market. The Latin America piece, as David said, is not that significant. But the declines are significant in a place like Brazil, which is enough to create a headwind at the Americas level. And then, quite frankly at the consolidated level as well. And back to the earlier question, our guidance for 2016 on Latin America assumes a very similar environment in 2016 as we’ve seen here in 2015.
Daniel Florin: Sure. With respect to the gross margin rate, our assumption is that 2016 actually is quite similar to 2015. And now there’s a lot of moving parts within that ability to hold the gross margin rate. There is the impact of foreign currency through the translation, but then there is also the benefit of the cash flow hedges that flow through the gross margin line as well. On top of that, the synergy program, we do start to begin to see some level of benefit at the COGS line by virtue of the integration. And that’s also contributing to kind of a flattish overall gross margin. And I think the other important point while, foreign currency, the impact to the 2016 P&L remains significant as that was in 2015. And so the foreign currency headwind, their earnings is in the neighborhood of $0.15 or $0.16 of headwind on EPS. The other important point, as we are planning to reinvest the medical device tax. And so we account for that up in COGS. So there is the shift out of COGS into R&D in our 2016 guidance.
Daniel Florin: You’re right. The SG&A progress is predominantly related to the integration and the synergy program. So I quoted accumulative $225 million in 2016. And that’s really focused bit in COGS and more proportionally in the SG&A area. That’s the main driver.
Daniel Florin: I’ll take that Matt. I think we’ve communicated before. First and foremost, we’re really pleased with the progress we’re making. The teams have done a terrific job driving that. It’s not been easy, but the teams been executing extremely well. And that manifests itself in that range, up to that 155 in year one. Importantly, to the extent that we’re able to exceed what we’ve communicated, we - first and foremost, we would look to reinvest that back into the business and in towards driving top-line growth. So I think that’s the right way to think about it.
Daniel Florin: Yes, we are. And driving - the elements necessary to drive our tax rate down, frankly, first and foremost, begins with where you manufacture your products. And so, with the merger we have an opportunity to take a fresh look at our sourcing strategy in that regard, as well as where intellectual property is housed and so forth. And that’s why there is no quick fix to do that, but we do see a roadmap to drive the tax rate down. It’s something that we were successful with on legacy Biomet and there’s opportunity here on Zimmer Biomet to drive the same type of reduction. It will just take some time.
