David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. Although we were naturally disappointed with these third quarter results, I want to reiterate our confidence in Zimmer Biomet’s market-leading and diversified portfolio as a driver of sustainable long-term growth. We are fully focused on restoring product supply and positioning our commercial teams to deliver on high market demand as we enter 2017. More broadly, we remain committed to creating meaningful partnerships to drive efficiencies across musculoskeletal healthcare with innovative technologies, services and solutions that improve the lives of patients.  And now I would like to ask Kareen to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Yes. I think that the lack of visibility that we have with forecasting systems safety stocks were burning down. It just became a more profound issue as the quarter progressed. In retrospect we look back and we kind of understand why some of those demand signals weren’t as timely but that's in retrospect. So, we just got to a point as the quarter progressed where we had the shift to limited supply both inventory and instruments to service existing accounts and it took away from the offensive opportunities that we could capitalize on, Mike.
David Dvorak: Sure, David. It is very much the case where we underestimated the degree to which existing customers were ultimately going to be desirous of some of these key focus brands and for the reasons that we've outlined and the fixes that we have in place to address those issues that Dan just referenced for highly confident that we're going to be able to address those supply chain deficiencies and be able to get after the offensive opportunities with a new competitive business and accounts. So, I guess what I would want to focus you on as well, David, is that demand is a terrific problem to have. We're disappointed that we didn’t foresee that demand because it's taken us away from being able to run the kind of offense that we would otherwise be able to run. But these aren’t product GAAP issues. We've got an incredible portfolio and in the natural state of one of these integrations, a complex integration which we would of course seen this. We've got the right fixes in place to get after it. The supply chain will respond and we'll get back, in offensive mode as the month's progress here and have a high degree of confidence and the team's capability to swipe the opportunities that are out ahead of us.
David Dvorak: Yes. We absolutely foresee at or above market growth in 2017 as Dan said. There is likely to be a little bit of a carryover effect of the supply challenges at the beginning of the year. But we would see the year progression quarter-to-quarter throughout 2017 and accelerating growth in light of effect that we will have these supply issues behind us. And we'll provide this specific guidance beyond that, Larry, when we get to the January call.
David Dvorak: You're welcome. We believe that there are good value creation opportunities within the dental market. As we've referenced in the past, strategically each of legacy Zimmer and Biomet have been focussed on the so called premium market and we have significant opportunities and we're working to develop the strategies and then execute those strategies increasingly to get after those various market segmentations including the value segment. As the business stands now, commercial execution is key. I would tell you that we had a pretty stable Q2 to Q3 performance within the America's had some drop off outside the United States. And so the team is very focussed on showing up the commercial execution on a global basis. We have a terrific regenerative portfolio for cross sell opportunities. And we would expect to see sequential improvement. I would anticipate that we get into a growth mode but not before 2017. So, we expect to see improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4 and then get into a growth mode as we're on our 2017.
David Dvorak: Yes. The development of any applications for us Matt, on the minimally invasive technologies and soft tissue preserving technologies and the broader portfolio of intelligent instrumentation is going to be driven by proven clinical benefit in a cost efficient way that also addresses the provider's capability on throughput front. And so, those are really the three preconditions, any anatomical site is fair gain for that, but our broad portfolio of intelligent instrumentation puts us in a position to be able to bring the right technologies and converge the right technologies whether those are preoperative planning integrating and or interoperative execution set of technologies in an optimised way. So, this is a piece of the portfolio we think it will become an increasingly important piece of the portfolio but just a piece of the portfolio and we want to bring the right tool to address the issue in a cost effective way. So, as far as forecasting that out, we would expect continue to drive the convergence of these innovative technologies and in the operating periods to come at. And we give updates at appropriate points when applications are developed and gotten at the point where we're doing limited launches moving towards full launches of those other applications. Right now, the Rosa Robotics technology is focussed on brain and spine applications.
David Dvorak: Yes. I understand your question, Matt. And I would tell you that it's much more simple than that. This is much more simple in regard to appropriate forecasting in having forward visibility. So, the system fixes and infrastructure that Dan referenced earlier during the call are the solutions here. It isn’t driven at all by any kind of innovative go to market or demand signal and transformation, nor is it driven by any kind of consolidation of the portfolios in the form of rationalization. So, I wouldn’t want people to misconstrue that the, yes it’s a complicated operation because these are large product lines and manufacturing facilities. But there isn’t anything other than blocking and tackling that fixes this problem we know we need to do to address it.
David Dvorak: Yes. We wouldn’t expect it to accelerate as we move into next year. So, I think that that quantification that we provided as far as the Q4 impact would be the high water mark and expect it to dissipate as we move into in through 2017, Joanne.
David Dvorak: Yes. We just have a little bit of a not pick but consistent with expectations. Primarily as far as the geographic segments go and the America's and Asia Pacific. But nothing that we didn’t anticipate coming into the year or nothing that we didn’t anticipate even coming into the quarter. Part of that Asia Pacific uptick is obviously the biannual adjustments in Japan.
David Dvorak: That risk will be minimised. I mean, this is part of the reason that has any of those signals we receive back we back off of some of the offense of deployments to make sure that we're taking care of the existing customers. So, that's the priority. It's a good question. And I would tell you that our entire organization is very focused on addressing any of those desires with the historic customers for the business side of legacy, Zimmer or Biomet.
David Dvorak: Sure, we take the form of much broader and deeper partnerships with the hospital customers. And I would tell you the discussions that we've had which to-date have been focussed primarily on large academic institutions have been very positive. So, we would enter into a deep partnership that could include risk sharing in an appropriate manner to optimise the quality of care for patients. And as well address the economic pressures that are on these customers as they get transitioned over to a more value base system. To do that well, obviously, it requires an end-to-end management in the episode of care. And that's where the patient engagement tools become so important. Prehab is important, education, patient surgeon communications, obviously a really bright light has been shining as of late. Because of CJR, the post discharge cost that are incurred and that’s where the teller rehabilitation and leveraging technologies that lead to a better patient outcome, but do that on a cost effective way can become so meaningful. So, that product portfolio across the continuum of care including these services and solutions including our couple of decades of experience through our Accelero consulting services that help lean out processes and ensure that the quality of care is raised and it's done efficiently and throughput is drive through these systems is what signature solutions is all about. And as I said, it’s a message that's really resonating. I think they were in a unique position as we participate in over 1.5 million procedures across the globe on just the large showing side alone to understand what best practises can be transferred from one institution to another. And then ultimately with the appropriate structure on an end-to-end basis. We're going to be able to along with our hospital customers draw data that will lead to continuous improvement and refinements of how the care is delivered. So, we love the opportunity. We think that we can be a big part of the solution for the hospitals going forward. And the deeper partnerships in the Zimmer Biomet Signature Solutions is the umbrella that allows us to bring those solutions to the customers.
David Dvorak: Sure, Glenn. The impact on 2017 is still the same and we've characterized that roughly in the neighbourhood of a 4% headwind to EPS growth next year. And that's still the case. We continue to feel good about the Biomet synergies which offset that. And then some of the other activities that will be driving to work towards that 10% goal that I described before. So, nothing had changed in that regard.
David Dvorak: Sure Glenn. We have been a mid-adder as you said in the first quarter of this year, in the second quarter of this year and again in the third quarter of this year. And it's across all product categories Glenn, if there is a lot of focus obviously consistent with as we've been talking about building up the specialize salesforces and so the non-large showing categories as well had be recipients of the continuous filled out of the salesforce. And I think that you're just beginning to see the science of the productivity of those specialized salesforces is evidenced by the continued improvement of the SET category. And that was global improvement as is our build out of the specialized sale force, since it's very much a global offense and strategy.
David Dvorak: So, with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter conference call. I'll turn the call back to you, Careen.
Dan Florin: Sure Bob. First with respect to the quantification of the impact as David said in his prepared remarks as well as mine very important to note that customer demand remains very strong. So that is a real positive and our current supply chain not being fully integrated did hamper our ability to respond effectively to this shifting product mix, and while not anticipated we understand the root causes, we understand the fixes that are necessary and we are highly confident in our ability to implement those changes. It will take several months to make those corrections. In terms of sizing impact for the quarter it is not a perfect science but I would roughly anticipate or estimate that to be about 100 basis points of impact due to the supply issues in the third quarter. We have a very robust backlog of demand and with respect to the impact in the fourth quarter I would size that even slightly above that 1% impact.
Dan Florin: I think Bob, the manifestation was really as the quarter progressed and late in the quarter the science became clear that we had a pretty significant product mix with the lack of visibility on a forward basis that allowed our supply chain to respond obviously if we fully integrate on the operations front. We're going to have a much more agile supply chain and be able to respond to these kinds of demands in a much shorter time period as we are in international state now, we just did not have the ability or the force side. So, part of this is forecasting systems part of it is just operational execution and lead times for these products but primarily driven by the large joint demand, if you think about the cross-sell product categories, you're going to be aligned with the biggest opportunities that we had. And probably on the forecasting side the most significant underestimation was the demand for those same products with existing customers. And so, it cost us to have the step back to make sure that we're redoubling our efforts to serve this existing customers and as we've referenced that took away from some of the authentive opportunities that we have. But please don’t construe that to be a lack of demand. We know that we have significant opportunities to gain competitive accounts and business and as we restore the supply chain, we'll get after those opportunities and reaccelerate our top line momentum. And then Bob just coming back to your 2017, I would just say that 10% earnings growth in 2017 off of 2016 remains our goal.
Dan Florin: It was focussed on the key cross sell products very much. So if you think about the Persona system, the demand is very high for that system. The host of cross sell product opportunities that we have on the legacy Biomet hip portfolio, would be another significant example. And then the third category I would say to a lesser degree but still having an impact on the upper extremity side, the comprehensive shoulder system. So, those are all market leading systems and the demand within existing customers as well as competitive accounts is very strong.
Dan Florin: Yes. We're passively working towards addressing the supply issues and I would tell you that the forward visibility of addressing those supply issues combined with the known activities that we have on opportunities that we have for competitive accounts gives us that plan. And the confidence as we on our 2017 that we'll reaccelerate the top line.
Dan Florin: Yes, Mike, this is Dan. I think the other component was the dental performance in the quarter being below our expectation. And at our expectation level, you'd be 3% or thereabouts plus, had dental perform to our internal expectations. I think also with respect to the supply changes to indicate or give a little more colour on the fixes that are coming along. We've been integrating all the back office functions, the supply chain is extraordinarily complex. However, importantly we do have new tools coming online beginning this quarter with integrated global inventory data warehouses which did not exist at that part of the visibility fix that we lacked. We had some interim processes in place that enhanced. They were not as robust as we needed them to be. We also have integrated demand planning tools and production planning tools coming online next quarter. So, those are key foundational elements to the supply chain that are coming online and critical to the fix.
Dan Florin: Mike, we're at 24% year-to-date. Embedded in our fourth quarter guidance is the tax rate that is just slightly below that and we absolutely believe that to be sustainable. And as we discussed, we see a path to further reduce that over the coming years.
Dan Florin: Sure, David. The 1% was the Q3 impact. The Q4 impact as I said is going to be above that, so think of that probably closer to 2% impact to the fourth quarter. So, I'd say that that’s the quantification on the top line impact from the supply chain issues.
Dan Florin: Sure. I would say that in the third quarter, the SG&A margin which decreased or SG&A increased as a percentage of sale 50 basis points. You have to keep in mind the LDR acquisition and the impact of that. So, as David said, we're very pleased with the top line acceleration of Mobi-C. At the same time we've inherited the cost structure and as the team looked to integrate LDR in Zimmer Biomet spine, you'll begin to see leverage come from that integration that’s not in the third quarter, you'll start to see that in the fourth quarter and certainly more significantly as we progress through 2017. So, that leverage from integrating our acquisition is a big contributor to the growth in operating margin next year. Combined with our other growth investments that we've been making during the course of the year, the medical training and education, the specialized sales forces which are driving that SET growth that David described. And then further investments in our Signature Solutions platform which David described as well all which are critical to long-term sustainable growth.
Dan Florin: Matt, this is Dan. If I mention some of the fixes being a global inventory data warehouse that is in user acceptance training as we speak. So, we expect that to come online in the coming weeks. That immediately gives us the type of global visibility to finish goods in inventory levels around the US and around the world. That's critical to that comes online in the coming weeks. The so I think we're very low risk of that going purely based on the testing that's been done today. The integrated demand planning tools come online shortly after the new year and based on the learnings over the past few months, needless to say a lot of focus on the process for that and then the deployment of these tools were we're deploying our approve tool. So confident that we're going to be able to get that up and running without a glitches. Importantly over the past month, we significantly ramped up production levels but given lead times from vendors and production lead times that just takes time to build inventory and replenish those safety stock levels. But all of the above were aggressively dealing with and have been for the past several weeks.
Dan Florin: Sure. And we will do nothing to impede the momentum of Mobi-C. We can assure you that the opportunity is really keeping mind that the Zimmer Biomet spine business still in the process of being integrated, you bring LDR into that and that and now we have an opportunity to further design the right or structure for robust growth in the right level of supporting infrastructure. So, it's really you have to think about Zimmer Biomet LDR all emerging together in from a back office perspective and so forth. But we will do nothing to impede the growth. In the LDR portfolio and then capitalize on the cross sell opportunities that exist between the Zimmer Biomet portfolio with Mobi-C. Very exciting and how the confident in our ability to drive the top line while delivering on the integration and the synergies.
