David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. In 2016, Zimmer Biomet continued to enhance our leadership position through the execution of a consistent strategy that emphasizes growth through innovation, in addition to commercial and operational excellence, and disciplined capital management. Guided by these priorities, Zimmer Biomet is uniquely positioned to drive long-term growth and value for our stockholders, while delivering life changing clinical solutions that meet the unique needs of patients, providers, and healthcare systems. And now, I would like to ask Anna to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Yes, we had executed well in the fourth quarter. And the communications and coordination between those supply chain operations, logistics, leaders, teams and commercial channel, David, was very well done in the quarter. That obviously led to a strong performance sequentially from Q3 to Q4 in some key areas, the large joint reconstructive business improved in a significant way, closed the gap relative to market in the case of knees, probably exceeded the market on a global basis in the case of hips. S.E.T. continued to perform very well. Asia Pacific continued to perform very well also. There is about a $10 million tender that otherwise would have landed in our Q3 numbers, but for the supply challenges ultimately was fulfilled in Q4. So, you can adjust those two quarter numbers as well as relevant jump off point from Q4 into 2017 accordingly. And then also, it appears that the market stepped up, round number is 100 basis points in large joints; and obviously with our share of the large joint market that were daunted [ph] to our benefit in the fourth quarter. So, I would think of our Q1 guidance as being a consistent performance subject to the market and the tender adjustment that I just mentioned in Q4 as we entered 2017. And we continue to make progress on the supply front. So that’s going to position us to replenish the safety stocks in some of these key cross-sell brands in the first half of the year and position ourselves for accelerated growth in the second half of the year.
David Dvorak: Thanks, David. I’ll take the first question. The S.E.T. business performance, as you said, improved sequentially from the beginning of 2016 through the end of the year. And when you adjust for billing days in the case of the fourth quarter, that performance is around 8%. So, we did have a really nice performance in the second half of the year. And we think that that is sustainable as it relates to S.E.T business’s strong product portfolios by virtue of the combination of Zimmer with Biomet, skilled allows us to build out specialized sales forces which we began in 2016 in earnest and will continue in 2017. And then, a strong pipeline of products, all of that augmented by some of the bolt-on acquisition deals that we did such as Cayenne in 2016. So, we like the runway. And it’s important to note that when you add up the markets that those businesses serve, it’s about an $18 billion portion of the $50 billion musculoskeletal market. So, it will be a growth driver into the future for us. And we’re just as optimistic as we complete the commercial channel integration in 2017 of the LDR acquisition that we’re going to be in a position with a much stronger spine portfolio to position that business similarly going forward.
David Dvorak: Sure, Mike. Obviously, the manufacture and distribution of the highest quality products is the top priority for our organization. And as part of the integration and our ongoing quality excellence efforts, even apart from the integration, we have been and continue to work to harmonize and optimize our manufacturing and quality systems. So, the observations that came out recent inspection in Q4 in the Warsaw north facility, so legacy Biomet facility, those matters are ones that we take very seriously. We have submitted our written response to the Form 483 observations and developed immediately and are already executing remediation plans to fully address those issues. That work will continue into next year. And I would tell you that the reference that Dan made to some of the expenditures include our efforts to harmonize and optimize those quality systems and fully address those observations. So that installment is part of the $170 million that Dan referenced for 2017. And as I said that work on a broad basis that facility included but not exclusively that facility, will continue on in 2018.
David Dvorak: Yes. Bob, we continue to make significant investments and be very engaged in the development of intelligent instrumentation. We started that journey over 10 years ago with the acquisition of ORTHOsoft. And as I referenced in my prepared remarks this morning, in 2016, our portfolio of intelligent instrumentation were deployed in nearly 100,000 cases. So that includes signature, patient specific instruments, our ISS technology, our e-liver [ph] technology et cetera. Last year’s acquisition of Medtech with their ROSA robotics platform adds just another tool in technology to our kit. And to the extent that there are anatomical sites that that technology can be applied to in a manner that satisfies three key conditions in our view, improves the quality of the outcome; enhances the efficiencies from a cost standpoint; and drives throughput, patient volume through those providers’ ORs, then those would be applications that we would look to develop and commercialize off of that ROSA platform. So, you can rest assure that to the extent that those conditions are satisfied through our internal development that any other anatomical site would be serviced with that technology. And going forward, as I said, I think that these technologies are going to be big difference makers. I think the reproducibility and enhancing the patient outcomes and patient satisfaction levels are going to be well-served. And what I just described is all underneath the broader end-to-end set of services and suite that we refer to as Zimmer Biomet Signature Solutions. And I would point you to this year’s academy in March because we’re going to have a further unveiling of those offerings as we move into a broader commercial launch of the Signature Solutions platform.
David Dvorak: So, on the former, obviously, Bob, if we have an internal development project in the specific area, we’ll reveal that when it make sense from a competitive standpoint, and we are prepared to begin the marketing of any application or technology. So that will come with time to the extent that there is a launch in an application in that particular anatomical site. We are comfortable that we have the right remediation plan, the right quality excellence plan that we are engaged in executing. No one can give absolute assurance as to what follow-on activities may come from any agency, but we believe in the plan, we are communicating openly with the agency, and we’ll continue to do so until all those issues are fully addressed. And the spend category, it’s part of a broader quality system and operational harmonization effort, but there is a significant amount of spend on that particular site within that number.
David Dvorak: Sure. I’m highly confident, Matt, in our ability to compete as we restore those safety stocks. And some of those product lines will get to that position sooner rather than later; some of them that pushes out into deeper into Q2. And this is a general matter, we would see in the weeks and months ahead the beginnings of that prospect funnel filling back up and then ripening into competitive conversions as we enter the second half of the year. So, it really is a continuum as opposed to snapping a line at the end of Q2 and only then beginning to redevelop and refill that competitive funnel of opportunities. So, as we look forward, Dan’s references to some of the improvements that have already been implemented, that’s really outside of the North Campus supply challenges we’ve seen pretty significant improvement. Those product lines are already in a position where we can go after competitive business. And as we do the further work on the North Campus and restore that supply, we’re going to be well-positioned for the second half of the year. And the thing I would tell you is just in a reiteration in response to your question is we have supreme confidence in our ability with this combined product portfolio as well as some of the new product launches that have taken place in 2016 and are in the initial stages of launch during 2017 to do very well in the marketplace across all these categories.
David Dvorak: We continue to be net adder on the sales force side, Josh, through the end of the year. So, had a lot of success throughout 2016 in building out the specialized sales forces and saw a lot of stability in those sales forces across the globe. So, nothing unusual by the way of natural attrition rates and ongoing hiring that netted to a positive position through the fourth quarter.
David Dvorak: Sure, Glenn. It’s yet to be determined, honestly. I think that it is the case that we saw strong demand in Q4 and if anything accelerated demand in the final month of the quarter. Only anecdotal evidence at this point as to what created that demand, I think that the full employment obviously contributes to it. I don’t that -- I think it would be premature to determine that this is sort of an enhancement to the seasonality of the business as much as anything, it could be just the way the holidays fell in December, creating more productive second half of December operating weeks across the globe. And we’ve seen that where the holidays fall in the middle of the week, breaking up each of those two final weeks of the year on the large showing [ph] side for these elective procedures seem to be the case on the spine side as well that led to a really robust demand in the month of December. But I think that it’s smart for us all to let this year play out before we draw a conclusion about whether the seasonality is shifting even in a more profound into Q4, because of high deductibility plans and higher co-pays et cetera along with theories that are out there.
David Dvorak: Well, the fourth quarter of this year obviously will be up against more challenging comps to the extent that there was anything that was unique to 2016 along with the description that I just provided. I think in our case, we’re going to be well-positioned, because we have replenished stock, and we’re in a better position with secure cross-sell product lines and safety stocks rebuilt to go after the offensive opportunities that we have, Glenn. So, we’re looking to accelerate the topline growth in the second half of the year but not so much based upon prior year comps.
David Dvorak: We never have expressed significant concerns as to what impact CJR may have on price mix. We’ve said all along, we feel like the dynamics have already been in place that lead to in instances that there is an outlier, high price regression to the mean for that price and greater transparency of pricing across the nation and frankly across the globe. So, I don’t think that the CJR implementation has changed those dynamics. And if anything, our experience in 2016 seems to be consistent with that. And obviously, we’re forecasting similar pricing impact in 2017, Glenn. So, we don’t see any significant impact flowing from CJR in that regard.
David Dvorak: Yes, I’ll maybe grab a couple of topics that we’re obviously paying attention to. ACA, repeal and replacement, we’re paying a lot of attention to that. The obvious benefit that is out there is a full repeal of the medical device tax. We’re in the second year of the suspension at this point in time. We get the question often times, Joanne, as to whether or not we would expect some kind of a volume decline to the extent that the ACA was repealed and not fully replaced, and that’s in excess to care question obviously. And all along, our measurements would indicate that volume might have been positively impacted by tens of basis points. And so, we don’t see that as being a significant risk to our volumes going forward. And another question that we get often times is CJR and what happens in that regard with any potential reforms or repeals of the ACA. We think that those end-to-end episode of care reimbursement models, whether it’s in a public or a private setting, our innovation and the go-to market strategy that is probably here to stay in some form, one can speculate as to what the specific form might be as it relates to Medicare in the United States. But, our Signature Solutions offering is geared towards enhancing patient outcomes and driving efficiencies and in the implementation or delivery of that care across the entire episode of care. And I would point you to that particular area of our exhibit space of the academy in reference to your second question, because we have a lot of exciting announcements and a lot of incredible progress and significant customer interest and demand for that set of offering. So, please join at the academy in March, and we’ll walk you through and get little bit more granular with you about what we are intending to do in 2017 by the way of an installment there.
David Dvorak: Sure. So, as it relates to the North Campus and Warsaw operations there, our mix of matters that are contributing to the supply challenges coming out of the North Campus including remediation to fully address the observation that are articulated in the Form 483. So, your reference to the product flow, it is manufacturing, logistics, the distribution of those products that come out. And in an abundance of caution, the application of these interim controls, as we’re revalidating certain processes is what leads to some of that choppiness. Now, product is flowing out of the facility. We’re going to continue to be in a hyper care state in an abundance of caution until those revalidations are completely executed. That will take some time. But as the months progress in the first half of the year, we expect the distribution of those products to even out and those safety stocks to be rebuilt. And that positions us to grow those important product lines in the second half of the year. As it relates to dental, we continue to be attracted to that market, as I referenced. We see that market as being one that has the opportunity to grow mid single digits. It’s a bit higher growth in some of the so called value sub-segments of the market. We historically have not had any significant presence in that market; we need to develop one. And we’re repositioning the broad product portfolio that we have by virtue of the combination to do a better job of getting after that that market opportunity. And we expect to make progress in 2017, but look for that’s a show up an improved topline second half of the year and as we exit 2017.
David Dvorak: Yes, they’re reasonable assumptions for the first half of the year with an acceleration contemplated in the second half of the year; and so, as Dan referenced an assumption that the overall musculoskeletal market roundabout 3% in 2017. And we’re obviously guiding below that in the first half of the year and above that -- at or above that in the second half of the year with our 3% to 4.5% guide for the second half of the year. And so that’s the progression that we see. And I do think that with the portfolio that we have that we would expect as get into the second half of the year to accelerate even in large joints to above market growth rates and then have that further augmented by continued good performance coming out of S.E.T. in the beginnings of realization of the opportunity that we have and have described in the spine market as well, Bruce.
David Dvorak: Good question, Bruce. And I would just point you back to the Personalized Solutions and Signature Solutions efforts. And we will walk through in a very comprehensive way, the interconnectivity of early patient engagement, optimize pre-operative practices that include the use of our intelligent instrumentation devices in a manner that is consistent with the surgical philosophies that different surgeons may subscribe to and then all the way through tell a rehab service to optimize the patient outcome and drive down the cost of the delivery of care. And we’re really excited about this portfolio. We think that this is the set of strategies that we’ve assembled that is going to be responsive to both patient demands, provider demands and healthcare systems around the globe, and believe it’s a very comprehensive response.
David Dvorak: Thank you, Bruce. So with that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter conference call. I’ll turn it back over to you, Anna.
Dan Florin: And then, David, in terms of special charges for 2017, in my prepared remarks, I talked about just over $500 million of cash special items which should be outside of the amortization and inventory step-up. The biggest components inside of that would be continued spend related to the Biomet integration, our synergy program, as well as the integration of our 2016 acquisition. So, think of that in the neighborhood of about $300 million in 2017. That will substantially step down in 2018. And then, the other component in 2017 is tied to the quality remediation program, which has about $170 million of spend associated with it in 2017.
Dan Florin: Okay, Mike. First, you have the first quarter, correct, so excluding LDR, 1.5% to 2.5% [indiscernible] as well. So, that’s correct. And the 3% to 4.5% growth in the back half of the year does obviously reflect acceleration as a result of the supply improvement. I characterized the second quarter as having some residual supply impact, but not as much that the 150 basis points that we have in the first quarter. So, some improvement as we progress through Q2. We’re not giving the sales range for Q2, but you can expect some acceleration in Q2 relative to Q1
Dan Florin: So, Mike, what we’re doing is to the extent we are incurring remediation expenses, that’s running through as a special charge to the extent we are making permanent investments in the quality infrastructure and manufacturing overhead infrastructure; that’s running through the adjusted P&L.
Dan Florin: Sure, Matt. This is Dan. First, with respect to Q3, the Q3 impact had nothing to do with the remediation activity and in the North Campus. So, the Q3 supply issue was in fact a combination of supply chain integration. We talked about the lack of an integrated demand planning and production planning system combined with a significant mix shift of key cross-sell brands, and that disconnect of supply and demand resulted in the Q3 miss. We’ve continued to make excellent progress on implementing better processes and tools to enable a best in class supply chain. We are not complete yet, but we are making really good progress with that. So that was really the Q3 issue. Embedded in our Q4 guidance, we did contemplate some impact from the FDA inspection. And as David has described, we have now submitted our responses; we’ve quantified the cost to remediate that; we’ll update our disclosures accordingly. We had disclosures back in November as well as December with respect to that FDA inspection and we’ll update our disclosures in our periodic filings. So the $170 million as David just said is substantially -- there is a substantial element of that that’s tied to that remediation, and that will continue into 2018.
Dan Florin: Sure, Josh. Certainly, the LDR portfolio has been performing extremely well and Mobi-C in particular driving solid growth. We do expect that growth to continue through -- in the foreseeable future; it’s a very exciting product, it’s a meaningful contributor to our spine portfolio. We’ve been breaking out the impact of the acquired revenues. And we do expect that to move the needle on a combined Zimmer Biomet spine basis for many periods to come. So, in the back half for the year that contribution is in the range of 100 basis points roughly. And I think it’s a real door opener for the rest of the Zimmer Biomet spine portfolio. And we’re very excited about it; we’re very excited about the sustainability of Mobi-C growth, the cross-sell opportunity as we continue to integrate those sales forces, the teams are excited to have that in our bag, the full bag, and we view that as a terrific growth driver in the $10 billion spine market.
Dan Florin: Sure. The impact in the fourth quarter, Joanne, was 100 basis points on about $20 million year-over-year of a decline in the fourth quarter. Next year, we characterize that as 100 basis points of headwind on total gross margin rate. So, I think you can do the math on the magnitude of that impact year-on-year.
Dan Florin: And Joanne, maybe just with respect to tax reform, certainly the details are very limited at this point in time, but based on our review of what’s being proposed, the Company’s ongoing U.S. operations, we believe we experience a net tax benefit by virtue of the reduction in U.S. corporate income tax rates. And then even factoring in the border adjustment, when we look at our U.S. revenues, the sources of that production, we’re a slight net exporter, meaning we produce more in the U.S. sold in the U.S. relative to what’s imported for sale in the U.S.
Dan Florin: Sure, Larry. On the first of those, the reconciliation to the midpoint of the Q1 guidance of 2% is just as you described, you can think about it in the big picture manner as a half point of that reconciliation relating to the tender and a point -- 100 basis points relating to the market step-up from Q3 to Q4 and a reasonable market expectation growth rate for Q1. So, 100 basis points, plus the 50 basis points is the right way to think about the 3.5 to the midpoint of 2.0% for Q1 Larry. Next question was…
