David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. As a global leader in musculoskeletal innovation, Zimmer Biomet is uniquely positioned to anticipate and serve the needs of an evolving healthcare environment. We're excited about the progress of our teams and the course of our global integration and we will remain focused on capturing the synergies of this merger at every level. Together, we're accelerating the company's growth strategies, while generating attractive stockholder returns. And now, I would like to ask George to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob. Obviously in the third quarter, our focus was on appointment of sales leaders out in the field. These were steps that we were unable to take prior to close, although we had very detailed plans. And so it's been an execution quarter where we have done a lot across the globe to clarify future leaders and then allow those individuals to form their teams all the way down to the rep level. So some of that second half piece that is clarification of territories, compensation plans, product bags, is work that is ongoing and we expect to be substantially complete with all of that work by the end of the year. Now, that said, we're already seeing positive traction, having made these leadership appointments and that's evident in our performance, in the OUS markets in particular. There are pockets and product categories within the United States market where that is already evident. Retention rates have been consistent with expectations. Obviously, when these decisions are made, one expects a little bit of an impact in that regard, and so we did see an expected uptick. But we're also seeing a pipeline of new sales positions and hiring activities picking up and so all of that bodes very, very well as we finish out 2015 and move into 2016. This positions us extraordinarily well to take advantage of the cross-sell opportunities, and so we expect to see a bit of that retrieved in the fourth quarter here, and then sequentially throughout 2016, more and more of that will be realized on the cross-sell opportunity. What we're forecasting really is stability, Bob, sequentially, from Q3 to Q4. There's a billing day impact that causes three-quarters of a point headwind in our constant currency growth rate. But when that's factored in, our sales guidance range contemplates stability to potentially a little bit of an uptick from Q3 to Q4.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob. Let me take the first of those. The consistency expected in Q4 and what we saw in Q3 across all the primary businesses is noted and I think that the only significant change that exists relative to our view of the market falls in the category of emerging markets. And I think that this is something that others have seen. It is macro economically driven. It obviously impacted our Americas performance most prominently, because we saw the biggest downturn in our Latin America business out of the emerging markets. Frankly, we saw less of a downturn in Asia-Pacific and hence the stronger performance was contributed in that regard. And then more of a flattish emerging market performance in the EMEA businesses, consistent with our overall performance there. So that headwind, particularly in Latin America, but across the various emerging markets, is the reason for the tweak to the guidance from Q3 to Q4. Everything else is tracking absolutely consistently with our plans and expectations.
David Dvorak: Mike, those decisions are unique and very fact and circumstance oriented. It can be a situation where you end up continuing to work with each of those sales leaders, but generally speaking, the scenario that you paint is a true one. You have two sales leaders. You're going to select one, configure a territory that is going to be historically the strongest sales leader performance wise, their growth track record, their capability to select talent and execute the commercial plans has been superior. I will tell you, in the case of those leaders selected, that differential is between them and the non-selected. In the U.S. recon SET channel is about a 300 basis point difference. So it's substantial. And it's really a benefit of the combination to be able to select from a pool of competent sales leaders and select the best-of-the-best to take the organization forward. Now that said, we said from the beginning that we were continuing to preserve the sales representative positions, and that holds true through our integration plans. The comprehensive product portfolio puts us in a position where we need all of those sales positions to fully realize the opportunities that we have out in the marketplace. These were obviously sales positions that were busy and fully occupied, and servicing customers prior to the deal and they continue to do so. So it's a matter of transitioning over those sales reps into the go forward structure, whether that's a hybrid or an independent sales model, and it's different in different geographies, and take those sales reps, integrate them into one team, cross train them on the other company's products bag and start to go after running the execution of the offense. So that's the state we're in now. And I would tell you, it's going very well and probably the overarching reason is we had good plans, we had good sales and other leaders executing those plans. But at the sales rep level, they're enthusiastic about the product portfolio. As they get exposed through these cross-training efforts and gain deeper knowledge of that product portfolio, they see their opportunities going forward to grow their businesses and continue to make a good living. So the execution has gone very smoothly, and the pipeline build for the cross sell opportunities is creating nice visibility, and we believe it will be expressed on the scoreboard as we move into 2016.
David Dvorak: Sure, Craig. That sequentially from Q2 to Q3, that's a slight decline in Americas and a substantial contributor to that decline again, were the Latin American markets. But we would expect that core Americas business and the U.S. business in particular to show stability to slight improvement as we move into the fourth quarter.
David Dvorak: Yes. Sequential improvement throughout 2016 is the way to think about it at this point in time and it can be different in different product categories. As we noted, the expectations for this synergy is because of the inherent nature of the integration on the U.S. Spine side is more profound than it is on the large joint or SET business. But certainly the large joint SET business having clarified roles and responsibilities down to the rep level by the end of this quarter and moving into 2016, we would expect thereafter to realize the cross sell benefits, and show sequential improvement throughout that year.
David Dvorak: Sure, Joanne. I think, most prominently you can see the sequential improvement and strong performance, likely market share gain performance, already in the overseas markets, both Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East and Africa. And what's noteworthy there is, in a big business with a leadership position, we grew our knee business in Asia-Pacific upper single digits, and in Europe, mid single digits and those are share gain numbers in both of those markets. So some of that opportunity is dependent upon the channel structure and the cadence of the integration plans, we're able to get after those opportunities sooner. I think what it does though, is validates that the combined company product offering is extraordinarily strong. And as we get deeper into the integration and moving towards a more offensive execution mode as a company in other jurisdictions, most importantly the United States, among the geographies, then we're going to start to realize those benefits in that important market, as well.
David Dvorak: That's a good point. The short term opportunity, and it's the reason that we have all probably been over indexed on it is, the existing product offering really represents the mother of all launches for both sides, the legacy Zimmer and the legacy Biomet side because they're picking up new products that are innovative. They may be gap filling for that respective sales rep and so there's a lot of energy around that to get that moving. But I would tell you it's equally exciting to us as we have come together and prioritized the pipeline of innovative products, to look ahead and see what we have to launch. We're extraordinarily excited about how that comes together. I think you're going to see an incredible cadence of new offerings, by virtue of the combination. What it allows us to do in the intermediate to longer term is to repurpose dollars into more differentiated innovation, and get after it in a more aggressive way addressing unmet clinical needs because of the scale that we have as a business, not just in large joints, but in the other product categories that are oftentimes faster growing markets. So we will highlight for you, as we move into full commercialization of some of those products. There are a few of them that are really important that are on a more limited release at this point in time. And we will come back to you, Joanne, and highlight those as we move those into full launch. Don't want to get out of that process for obvious competitive reasons, but it's a powerful pipeline, and it's going to be a quick pace of cadence, and sustain that top line growth as we get that restored in the intermediate and long-term.
David Dvorak: Yes. We do. And we have very good visibility in those markets, David, as to what was happening in Q2, with the pending close moving into Q3 and the stabilization appointment of sales leaders irrespective of the channel structure in those geographies. As it relates to the emerging markets that market did slow down in EMEA and I would tell you it moved more towards a flattish growth number. We continued to have nice growth coming out of Asia-Pacific, and we can disaggregate what of that is integration related versus seemingly market. And then there's no doubt that when it comes to the Latin American emerging markets, that there was a substantial slowdown, and we would expect that to continue because of the macroeconomic underpinnings to it.
David Dvorak: Yes. A lot of that is just germane to the cadence of our integration efforts in general, David. But we did see a strong performance, and some pretty substantial sequential improvement, as it relates to the extremities business. That's a leadership position business for us, so obviously very, very important. And it is an early sign of how powerful the combined product portfolio is going to be in that category. Executing on some of those opportunities in the other categories embedded within SET, we're expecting to take a bit more time. But I would tell you that we have good visibility in the coming quarters to improvement in those categories, too. And our expectation here is to work that business from where it is to up to mid single digits, and ultimately to high single digits in growth, because of the nature of those categories. So, right now we have to improve our performance in categories like Surgical and Trauma in particular, and those businesses were slightly down. More so in Surgical's case than Trauma. But, again, I think that as we move through and develop a more focused sales force effort at the sales rep level on a global basis, we have got the scale and the comprehensive nature of the product portfolio justifies those specialized sales forces across the globe to exploit the opportunities and bring more focus to those markets. And it's a major premise to the combination itself.
David Dvorak: Yes. It is not a targeted area for synergy, David. It really is an area that we would expect to be more at that prior combined run rate that you noted, as opposed to what's reflected in Q3. That said, this is an area where obviously we were walled off from open sharing of pipeline projects until the close. So those teams are just getting into the hard work to examine those projects, and so as a consequence, there just is a moderation of spend that you ought to expect to see step back up and reflect something more towards the sum of those two line items pre-close.
David Dvorak: Yes. The business is not a large business in the scheme of things. But the downturn was significant in the context of the quarter, and is anticipated to continue in Q4. So it really is across all product categories within the Americas unit, so you can't isolate any single product category and its influence. I would tell you that the emerging market as it represents our total consolidated revenues, is somewhere in the 7% to 8% range, and it's probably less significant just by sheer size, in the context of Americas relative to the other two geographic segments.
David Dvorak: Sure. If one disaggregates the revenue source within Americas and backs out Latin America, our business would have been on the U.S. front, flat to slightly positive in the quarter. And let me come back to CCJR. I do think that there's a lot of opportunity, and we've been innovating in a manner to exploit those opportunities. Thematically, we believe that finding innovations that address unmet clinical needs and help providers, payors, HCPs deliver care in a way that enhances the quality of the outcome, at the same time that the costs are managed more efficiently, is where the world needs to go. And we think that proposals like CCJR are just expressions of that reality. So we feel like, if anything on a combined basis, we're uniquely positioned to address those demands in that evolving health care environment. And rest assured that both from clinical as well as service and solution innovations, that we would look to be an integrator and a more comprehensive provider of solutions in that context.
David Dvorak: Yes. Large joints would have been slightly negative. All product categories, excluding Latin America, would have been flat.
David Dvorak: So with that, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today, and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter conference call which is scheduled for 8:00 AM on January 28, 2016. I'll turn the call back to you, George.
Dan Florin: And, Bob, with respect to 2016, certainly our performance in 2015 gives us strong confidence with respect to 2016. As I mentioned, we will provide detailed guidance in our January call. Importantly, our 2016 operating plan is well underway, and within that context, we will make decisions about resource allocation and funding of growth initiatives. And as you said, we have express confidence in EPS, 15% to 20% off the prior EPS range of $6.65 to $6.80. The analyst community has collectively construed that as 15% growth off of the high end of that range of $6.80, which yields something in the $7.82 range. I would say that's probably a good way to think about it for where we are right now and we will provide the detailed guidance in January. And, again, as we have spoken about, as 2016 progresses, the cross-sell opportunity is realized. We will be working towards achievement of market growth rates, as we progress through 2016.
Dan Florin: Sure, Mike. In December, we will have access to -- we will complete the intercompany loan transaction, which opens up the access to our OUS cash. That has always been a necessary step, so we're on target for that in December. We have reinstated the program. So the table has been set. I would tell you, certainly in our January guidance we will give explicit details on what our plans are in 2016. But I would just ask you to think broadly about our capital allocation policy as it has always been, which is being very disciplined in the deployment of that capital, considering the returns and our weighing options for the best use of those excess funds. I would say that our priorities include funding our organic growth initiatives, funding our synergy program given the return profile of that, maintaining our dividends in proportion to earnings, and deleveraging the balance sheet that meets our leverage goals. M&A that meets our financial hurdles, and then share repurchases to the extent we have excess cash, and those returns are attractive at that point in time. So that's how I would think about it, and that's how we're approaching it as we come into 2016.
Dan Florin: Craig, I would go back to the earlier comments relative to our previous comments of 15% to 20% off of the prior guidance. Our earnings performance in 2015 increases our confidence with respect to earnings in 2016, but I would point to what seems to be the Street consensus that is out there as an area that we're comfortable with, currently.
Dan Florin: David, I would say that we are looking at that within the context of the 2016 operating plan. And we'll -- as we look at excess funds, we get that cash access to OUS creates that opportunity. We will be disciplined, I guess is the right way to think about it and opportunistic, when it makes sense. I would leave it at that. The table is set, and we will proceed accordingly.
Dan Florin: Sure, Glenn, this is Dan. With respect to the synergies this quarter, importantly these were programs already on the road maps. We were just able to pull the trigger on those earlier than contemplated. So that brings an incremental benefit to calendar '15 and the first year post closing. I think maybe by way of example, think about a duplicate office lease agreement that was in place and our original projections perhaps had that termination of that lease set for October, but we were able to terminate that in August. And that couple of months of savings, by virtue of that lease was pulled into 2015. So that's why it doesn't affect the run rate. That lease is worth a certain amount on an annualized basis. That's unchanged, as we move forward. So it really was a timing issue, an acceleration of planned for initiatives on the synergy front. I would also say -- we're very confident in the $350 million year three run rate synergies. I would also say to the extent that there is further opportunity to exceed on the synergy side, we're going to be very smart about reinvesting that over performance on synergies into growth initiatives. Back to the theme of getting the top line accelerated, getting back to market growth rates, above market growth rates, we will invest in those areas, and make prudent decisions about what we drop through versus invest on any over performance on the synergies moving forward.
Dan Florin: Sure. In the fourth quarter, the gross margin is expected to come down slightly, primarily due to less gains on our foreign currency hedge contracts. So as those gains will start to step down from the Q3 level as we progress in Q4 and into next year. And that will put some pressure on the gross margin rates, beginning in Q4, and then progressing through next year.
Dan Florin: Sure, Matt. From an earnings per share perspective, foreign currency has been a significant headwind in 2015. So when you account for the translation loss of revenue, and the impact that has on reported earnings in U.S. dollars despite our hedging gains, there is still a significant FX impact at the EPS line and that impact is in the neighborhood of 7% of EPS headwind. That's the magnitude from an EPS dollar perspective. From a rate -- a margin ratio perspective, less impactful. But on a dollar basis, it's that type of significant. So if rates were to hold where they are today, and we look out through 2016, and we will provide more color in January on this. As I just mentioned, the dollar benefit of our FX hedge gains does decrease in 2016 relative to 2015 and that will create some pressure at the margin rate line, as well as from an EPS dollar perspective. And that will all be fleshed out in January in that detailed guidance.
