Suketu Upadhyay: Thanks, Bryan. To reiterate, we had solid revenue growth in the quarter but also saw strength in earnings and cash flow generation. I'll provide some highlights on our third quarter financial results and unless otherwise noted, the numbers I will be discussing are on a constant currency basis. Net sales totaled $1.9 billion in the quarter, a reported increase of 3% over the prior year and an increase of 3.9%, excluding the impact of foreign currency changes. As we’ve previously noted, the first half headwinds from billing days was offset in the third quarter and there's no material impact on our growth rate from billing days differences for the full year. During the quarter, we had solid results across all geographic regions. Our Asia-Pacific team delivered strong performance with 8.8% sales growth driven by continued strength in emerging markets and across our Knee and S.E.T. segments. Our Europe, Middle East and Africa team also had strong a quarter with 4.8% revenue growth led by S.E.T. and improvements across our Knee and Hip franchises. Developed and emerging markets within EMEA both performed well due to healthy market growth and as a result of some tender wins. The Americas increased 2.3%, reflecting improved performance across most of our product categories driven by new product introductions, supply stability and commercial execution. Our Knee franchise grew 4.9% with solid performance across all geographic regions. Hip grew 4.3% and our S.E.T. and Dental businesses grew 6.2% and 3%, respectively. Our Spine & CMF revenues decreased 1.3% in the quarter. As it relates to revenue in the fourth quarter, foreign exchange rates have been a headwind since our last guidance update and we now expect the impact of foreign exchange in the full year to be closer to the high end of our range. Also, while revenue growth may be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, our continued supply stabilization, improved execution, a new product introduction give us greater confidence in our ability to deliver consistent constant currency sales growth in line with our weighted average market growth of 2% to 3%. Moving to the income statement. We reported GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $2.08. After accounting for special items, our adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.77. A reconciliation of reported earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share is included in this morning's press release. Adjusted gross margin the quarter was 72.4%, an improvement of about 80 basis points from the prior year, which was aided by a number of items, including a medical device tax refund that we referenced last quarter. Gross margin the quarter was broadly in line with the first half of 2019, despite seasonally lower revenues. Adjusted operating expenses in the third quarter were higher than the same period last year, driven by increased investments across R&D and commercialization efforts, including spending on new product launches and sales force expansion. Adjusted operating margin was 26.5% for the quarter, about 90 basis points ahead of prior year driven by gross margin and the adjusted effective tax rate was 16.5%. All of this translated into 8% plus growth in adjusted earnings per share demonstrating good earnings leverage on revenues. Operating cash flow accelerated in the quarter to $578 million and our free cash flow was $425 million. During the quarter, we paid $49 million in dividends and paid down just over $300 million of debt as we continue to make progress in delevering the balance sheet. Relative to our capital structure in light of upcoming maturities and market conditions, we may look to opportunistically refinance debt to optimize our liquidity profile and cost of capital. Before I turn it over to Bryan, I’d like to reiterate that we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and our previous guidance remains unchanged. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bryan.
Suketu Upadhyay: Hi, Kristen. It’s Suke. Good to talk to you again. So let try and take your question. I’ll start with the near term and then weave it into 2020 commentary. So I think the first thing to understand is where the company’s come from? And I think if you look back over the last four years, the company has contracted gross margins and operating margins close to the 400 to 500 basis points. So as we think about gross margin within the quarter and actually over the last several quarters, it’s great to see that we’re actually stabilizing even in the backdrop of continued price erosion that the industry faces. Our gross margin was better than prior quarter or prior year I should say by about 80 basis points for many of the reasons that you talked about. And the good thing is that it flowed through down into operating margins which were about 90 basis points ahead. In fact, this is the first quarter in several quarters where we’ve actually shown operating margin expansion. So again, given where the company has been, I think this is a good proof point. It is one quarter and we got many more to prove that consistently over time, but we’re really happy with the progress that we’ve made in sort of stabilizing supply and now starting to pivot towards efficiency. As we think about the rest of the year into the fourth quarter, as we said, we’re going to maintain our overall guidance range. And so our view on gross margin, operating margins are consistent that ultimately underpinned that guidance update that we gave at the last quarter, so no material changes there. As we think about 2020, our commentary is consistent with what we said before. While gross margins are a bit better this year and we feel really good about that, a lot of good progress, there are some headwinds as we move into 2020. We’ve talked about a few things there which are some of the cost increase and investments in getting to stabilization in supply ultimately get capitalized on the balance sheet and flow through cost of goods sold as that inventory turns. And as you know we have close to a year of an inventory which is another challenge and an opportunity we have in front of us. But those defer or capitalized cost will flow through at a higher level into 2020, so that’s a headwind. We have the medical device tax one-time gain in this quarter that will not repeat next year. Of course, pricing erosion continues to be a headwind into next year. And FX hedge gains this year will be stable. So you won’t see that as a tailwind or a headwind, but you won’t see that as a tailwind as you saw in '18. Now having said that, there are a number of tailwinds as we go into next year. One, Bryan talked a little bit about Cementless, right, and we have other products that from a mix perspective have the benefit to gross margin. So we see that as a positive. We’re also in process and also kicking off a number of cost-down initiatives across our manufacturing network and our supply chain. So that will start to yield benefit over time. However, in 2020 specifically, those headwinds more than offset the tailwinds. However, beyond 2020, we would start to see those tailwinds become more prominent. So that’s a little bit of gross margin commentary. Again, very consistent with what the company has had before. Now despite gross margin headwinds into 2020, we still project that we’d be in a situation where we can generate some modest or slight level operating margin enhancement primarily driven by better revenue growth and more consistent revenue growth in that 2% to 3% range. Now having said that, we are also very excited about many of the new products we’ve launched, the morale in the company, the opportunity to accelerate top line, if we see the right opportunities to invest at a higher level to accelerate the top line, we may chose to reinvest that margin enhancement in 2020 to grow the top line, because we all know that driving long-term durable above market growth rate is the best path to margin expansion. So, again, our commentary on 2020 gross margins – sorry, operating margins remain consistent with where we were. So thanks for the question. A great quarter. Hopefully, we string a lot more of these together in the future.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yes, I was just going to say, Craig, just building off of what Bryan said, I think the company’s capital structure supports that view as well. We continue to make progress in paying down debt and delevering the balance sheet. Our very strong stable cash flows as a company also put us in a position to give us strategic flexibility. And as Bryan – we often look at does the deal potentially meet strategic hurdles, financial hurdles but then we also look very closely at the overall leverage impact of those transactions and we’d want to make sure that anything we enter into gives us the glide path to maintain that investment grade over a reasonable period of time.
Suketu Upadhyay: So, David, thanks for the questions. So first on SG&A, year-over-year we are higher as you mentioned. This is on a seasonally lower revenue base, so of course commissions et cetera are going to be lower. So you should expect in the third quarter a lower SG&A number. But again, we were in line or slightly ahead on an absolute dollars basis versus the prior year. We expect that to ramp up into the fourth quarter, one, because of higher revenues again from seasonality but also we’re investing I would say in a much bigger way against some of this growth drivers that Bryan talked about both in knee as well as beyond knee in some of the ecosystem that surrounds that key implant, but also within our S.E.T. business. So again, we expect that overall SG&A profile to accelerate as we move into the fourth quarter. And then we’re not giving specific guidance into 2020. We do expect parts of the business there will be increases in spend, but we’re also looking for resource allocation shifts. So we may chose to de-prioritize other parts of the business so that we can invest in higher growth, higher margin opportunities. We’re going to constantly look for G&A efficiencies to help fund that increased investment. So again, I’m not going to give too much guidance on 2020 and what the SG&A profile would look like, but the one thing I can say with confidence is we’re going to invest in a bigger way against those growth drivers to accelerate that top line.
Suketu Upadhyay: Rick, this is Suke. Just to build on what Bryan said, we sort of summarize all that to the entire organization through four key pillars which is ultimately aimed at being a top quartile performer. And so we look at that and we speak to the organization about revenue acceleration, where do we need to invest, what markets, what categories that have high market growth rates, where the products that are going to take us above weighted average market growth. Then we look at margin expansion. Bryan talked about how do we declutter the supply chain, through SKU rationalization, through better optimization of our footprint, through other efficiency and value engineering type ideas, but also through SG&A and taking our very fragmented sort of operating base and start to gain some more efficiencies out of that. The third level we then talk about is free cash flow yield. So how do we improve the cash flow generation on our earnings? And Bryan talked about one of the biggest opportunities that we’re attacking is around working capital and specifically on inventory and just how much we have out there and the opportunities to even get to a peer level of working capital would free up and liberate a lot of additional free cash flow that would give us optionality in filling portfolio gaps. And then the last metric that we look at and that the organization basis decisions on is ROIC. And so it’s not only the elements that Bryan talked about but it’s summarized very succinctly and lived by, by the organizational process for key metrics.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Suketu. Before we move into Q&A, I also want to take some time to say that this is clear to me and I think really to the team here that our team members in general have a really high energy right now, the engagement is high and the focus to win is there, and I'm confident as a result of that it’s going to allow us to move forward and progress in the right manner. This is one of the primary reasons why our confidence level is very high around consistently and durably delivering 2% to 3% top line growth through 2020. And for many other reasons and I want to make sure I’m clear on this, over time I also see a pathway for acceleration beyond 2% to 3% without the need for M&A. This will take time but the pathway is clear to this team. Of course, our goal at the right time, in the right spaces and for the right returns is to further enhance this organic revenue growth with inorganic activity focused on increasing our growth rate and increasing our weighted average market growth rate. And with that, I’m going to turn it back to Cole and we can jump into the questions.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, absolutely. It’s not surprising to me that we saw that activity out in the market. Let’s face it. When we think about our S.E.T. businesses, we’ve been talking from the very beginning that this would be an area of concentration for us. For the most part, we have lower penetrations in these markets. They’re faster growth than our core large joints markets and as a result of that they’re attractive. So not surprised to see others move in that direction as well. We’re going to continue our focus as well. A fact is if I look at the S.E.T. business overall for the quarter, it was pretty good performance for us. And to be honest that needs to continue. We need to continue to see at least market growth if not the high end of market growth in our S.E.T. businesses to be able to allow us to get scale in these spaces and ultimately as a result of that increase our weighted average market growth. So you will absolutely see us continue to focus here. And we’re going to focus in a number of elements. First and foremost, we have to make sure that we keep our supply stability in place. As I think everybody probably remembers, it took us a little longer to get supply stability here because we focused on large joints first, but we haven’t now and that is absolutely increasing the morale of the organization and that needs to stay there. We’re going to be launching new products. We already have. We’re going to continue to do so. We have a full pipeline. And these new products I think as everybody knows also drives morale and traction in the field sales organization. That’s going to be an element of focus for us. And I got to tell you, with some of the new team members that we have, this idea of changing the operating mechanisms to be much more disciplined and much more focused, much more transparent on whether you are or not performing in the area will drive accountability in the space. And then a big one we’ve been talking about, which I think we’re making advances on were to be the specialized sales organization, so we have focus. I got to say I think personally we still got some work to do here. To me specializing the sales organization is just step one. You also have to make sure that you have the right compensation structure in place and right operating mechanisms so that those specialized sales reps actually stay focused. A lot of times what you see is that when large joints takes off, those specialized reps go back to large joints because they can make more money there. We can’t allow that to happen through our compensation scheme and also our operating mechanisms. So again, I see the S.E.T. space particularly with extremities being very attractive. We will continue to focus in this area and I’m not at all surprised to see the activity that we just heard about.
Bryan Hanson: We haven’t gotten into specifics there, but one could certainly look at robotics application in large joints and believe that there would be an opportunity for us to move those applications to other areas. I don’t want to get into the specifics obviously for competitive reasons, but there would be no reason to believe that robotic applications or informatics couldn’t benefit extremities as well.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I was thinking the same thing. I know we get a bunch of knee questions and ROSA questions and everything else, so I appreciate the hip question out of the gate. I appreciate that, Steve. So I’d say is I’m pretty happy with the hip performance in the quarter. Obviously we had the day benefit. We have different billing days which benefitted all our businesses. I’m not going to repeat that over and over again, but it helped. But even without that, it was a solid hip quarter for us. And we like to see those. It’s interesting that when I look at the hip business, over the last number of quarters what I found is it’s a little bit lumpy. We’ve had some quarters that have been on the low end of market growth, even some below, some right square in the middle and some above. But I think generally speaking, the way I view the hip business for us is to be growing at market, which is that kind of low-single digits market growth. What could change that over time would be really two things that we’re going to be concentrating on. Number one and this is more real time is the launch of the Avenir Complete which I think everybody knows at this point is the new short stem colored version of the Avenir as surgeons [ph] know and love that can be used more for that anterior approach procedure in hip. That actually is one of the fastest growth subcategories of hip, so obviously that’s a reason why we’re going to be concentrating in that area. So as we get more traction with that launch, more education for surgeons so that they can do that procedure well and ultimately begin to drive scale with that product launch, that’s going to help us get strength in hip over time. I never want and I’m not going to speak to specifics will be the eventual application in ROSA that would also be applied to hip. I think the combination of more scale in that anterior approach procedure, a ROSA-launched application that will be coming in the future, combination of those two things will allow us to get to that upper end of hip growth if not above the overall market growth in hip. But I want to be clear. In the short term, I’d be thinking about our hip business, that market growth and the longer term as we launch some of those other products and build scale that I referenced potentially above market growth.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. First, I’ll hit the Revision system. We didn’t have revenue in Q3 on the Revision system, but what’s interesting is that there was a lot of hype around the Revision system coming, and that’s important because it drives excitement in the field. Because there are a lot of surgeons that had been waiting to move to Persona until they felt comfortable we would have a Persona Revision system. So the fact that it didn’t provide any revenue didn’t change the fact that it did create some hype in the marketplace in Q3. So outside of that I’d just say, the major reasons for the strong performance in knee that we saw, number one, and I’m going to keep repeating this because I think it’s really important. We are seeing the morale of the commercial organization shift and shift in a meaningful way. And that puts them back on offense which is exactly where we need them to be, hence our new products. Obviously ROSA was a big part of the quarter. I already referenced that in the prepared remarks and it continues to be an engine for us, will be an engine for us as we move forward. And then all of the Persona launches that we’ve had, not just in the Revision system we just talked about but our Partial Persona and our Cementless Persona were very important parts of our total package there. And then again, I’m going to just keep repeating this as well. We have a much more disciplined approach to driving the operating mechanism of running the commercial organization. And that is creating an environment where we do what we say. And if we don’t do what we say that there’s accountability to that, there’s transparency to it. So all those things kind of came together to be able to drive a strong quarter. I do want to reference when I think about Cementless since you asked about that. The fact is we’re getting great feedback on all of our new products and we are getting great feedback on the Cementless version of Persona as well. And over time I expect to significantly increase the penetration of Cementless knees with the goal of achieving similar penetration rates to some of what our competitors have been saying they’ve been able to do. I think ROSA being out there given the accuracy in the cut should increase our ability to get Cementless penetration. And I think just the shift and focus by the sales organization is going to drive it as well. I do want to make sure that I just clarify something. When I talk about the penetration of Cementless moving to these higher percentages, it is the Persona Cementless, so it would be a percentage of the Persona family not the total knee but clearly it is a growth driver that we’ll be leveraging inside the knee.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So we didn’t say half. I just want to make sure that I clarify that that we said less than half of the global knee revenue came from ROSA. So again, a material impact to the quarter but it was less than half of the total revenue number. And I don’t want to get into specifics of sub-region, growth profiles and certainly don’t want to give any predictions of what we do in the fourth quarter. I think probably the most important thing though to think about when we think about ROSA is that the demand is high. I’m very excited about what we’re seeing in the field. I’ve mentioned a number of times in my entire career in med tech, I’ve seen certain product launches really get the attention of the market and shape things. It’s only been a handful of times. This is one of those times. This is exactly what we’re feeling. It’s early days, but there is no question the demand of ROSA is very high. And the beautiful thing about this is that as we place more ROSA systems, which will happen over time, you get this annuity revenue, you get the instruments revenue, you get the service revenue, you get pull-through of competitive implants as well and that’s exciting because it gives us a more predictable view of what our knee franchise is going to be able to do over time. So I’m pretty excited about what we’re seeing so far. I do want to make sure that I clarify something though and this is just something that truly is becoming more clear to all of us. The annuity revenue stream that I just talked about, it does take time to materialize after you make placements of ROSA, sometimes a quarter or even two quarters to really get a good trend going from those placements. So I truly expect that the base knee business will take some time to create positive inertia as a result of the ROSA placements and ultimately that’s got to offset some of the negative inertia that we have from our competitor getting there much earlier than we did. So as much as I’m very enthusiastic about the demand for ROSA, it will take time to have that resulting impact on our base knee business. But again, couldn’t be more happy with what we’re seeing right now. It was an important part of the quarter and we would expect it to continue to accelerate into 2020.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Kristen, for I think the longest question I’ve ever heard on an earnings call. Let me turn it over to Suke.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, you’re reading our minds I think on that one. I would say we’re in the early innings of a robust look at specialization done the right way, because as I referenced before, it’s not just specialization, it has to be in tandem with better compensation structures so that you’ve got the right incentives in place and the right operating mechanisms to ensure that you keep that focus. So I’d say we’re early innings and we are moving as far as we possibly can to get to the late innings. And we do believe that just by the very nature of integrations in our space that there will be some disruption in the extremities market and we certainly want to make sure that we take advantage of that.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, no problem at all. ROSA obviously is a big focus for all of us and we’re all very focused on making sure it goes well. I would just tell you that generally again the feedback has been positive. We’ve been very aggressive in adding commercial infrastructure. When I think about ROSA and I think about capacity, I think about it in manufacturing, I think about it in commercial footprint, I think about it in education capability and in service. All those things need to be in place so that we can move aggressively to play through robotic systems in the correct way. And I can tell you that we’ve been moving very fast in each of those buckets to make sure we have the right capacity. Just from an example, just in a very short period of time we’ve added another 60 reps that are dedicated to selling capital not just ROSA Knee, but other parts of our capital as well, but a lot of their focus right now is in ROSA Knee. We’ve done a lot to train surgeons too, believe me. We’ve been increasing our capability through the semis that we have that can go to your location and train you and other hard locations where you can get the training done as well. And so we’ve gotten now in the hundreds of surgeons that have been trained, which is a very important part of moving the needle forward. And now we have close to 2,000 cases that have been done out in the real world with ROSA and that feedback continues to be strong. So again, very happy with the progress that we’re making so far in building the capacity to do this the right way, and we fully expect that to continue as we move into 2020. This will be one of the primary growth engines of the organization. We will absolutely make sure that we do it right.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I really try to stay away from thinking too much about what happens in an individual quarter on pricing. There’s just so many different variables involved in it. If we got all worked up about a specific quarter up or down, we’d be wasting a lot of our time. What I would tell you is that I don’t see anything fundamentally from a pricing perspective in knee or otherwise that has me concerned. I still think of that 2% to 3% being pretty consistent overall for our business with negative pricing pressure. I would agree with you though and again it’s going to take time to be able to prove this out, but one would assume as we get better at placing robotic systems, as we get better at doing longer-term contracts with the ZB Connect organization that we put in place which is really a corporate sales organization, one could assume that at some point with those contracts in place you could stabilize pricing and potentially begin to offset some of that headwind. I don’t want to get ahead of us here. I don’t want to get over our skis on that, but that would certainly be a focus of the organization to try to retard some of that pricing pressure by doing longer-term contracts that are good for us and good for the customer.
Bryan Hanson: If you think about obviously the deal you were referencing kind of tongue and cheek, that’s obviously a bit bigger of a bite than we’d be looking to take out of the gate. Clearly, a space that we’re interested in but that wouldn’t be the size or scope of a bite that we would take right out of gate here.
Bryan Hanson: It’s so hard to say. First of all, thanks for the question. What I’ve almost trained myself to do and my team is to not pay too much attention to an individual quarter and the momentum that we might see. I can do the math the same as you by looking at all the other players and what they present in a quarter. But there are just so many other variables associated with why somebody’s quarter might look the way it does that I try not to get too caught up in something that looks negative in the quarter or something that looks positive in a quarter. So I’m not really reading much into it to be honest. I truly do believe that the market growth is stable. It was a pretty strong quarter for all of us. If that happens again in the fourth quarter and the first quarter and the second quarter, then we have a trend. But otherwise I’ve seen these up quarters and then down quarters and people get all worked up about them. But I just don’t want to burn the time or the effort associated with that because until you get a few of them together, it doesn’t really mean anything to me anyway.
Bryan Hanson: All right. And on the spine and dental business, what I would say is that they really did kind of start in the same place from our perspective. Both were struggling negative growth and both had new leadership and they were focusing on putting a game plan in place that would allow stabilization and eventually positive revenue growth. So both had the same plan. What I would tell you is that we probably, at least I did, underestimated how complicated to being able to roll the spine plan out would be, particularly when you’re talking about channel dyssynergies that occur when you make significant changes. So if I just take spine first and foremost, I would say that’s really been the thing that has retarded our ability to get back to flat growth and then to market growth. I feel at least good that we improved from Q2 when we look at Q3 and we continue to perform below market though, and certainly I believe not at our best. We’re working through the channel consolidation that we talked about and finished towards the end of this year, but we still have work to do there. We just need to make sure that channel continues to gel. I know we’re going to launch our new products. We haven’t had a lot of new product launches in this space in a while and that is something that needs to come, and quite frankly we delayed some of that from a ROSA perspective because we wanted to double down in ROSA Knee. So we fully expect now with robotics like ROSA coming in, with Walter coming in, with the TrellOss titanium interbody that we just launched that’s a limited launch, but that was a gap in our portfolio, with the Tether technology that we just go approval on, these should be the things that allow this organization to begin to stabilize as we move into 2020 hopefully get back to market growth. That would be the way that I would look at spine. If I think about dental, the less complicated space than spine, you have less risk of dyssynergy. There’s always risk, so I don’t want to diminish what this team has had to deal with, but the fact is it’s just less complicated, less dyssynergy risk in this business and the team’s done a nice job and they really have focused with the limited assets they have in the right areas. They’ve driven a culture of accountability and they’ve shown that they can perform. Now at the end of the day, I still look at that business and say we have a ways to go, we’re still below market. So I’d like to see them show durability and positive growth, that’s the first step. And then the second step is over time get to market growth and show durability in that. So that’s really the big difference between the two and gives you a bit of backdrop in each of the businesses in the way I’m thinking about.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. What I would tell you is the most important driver to being able to drive margin expansion is top line growth. You haven’t heard it being coupled the way we talk about it on this call, but top line growth is the gift that keeps giving when you talk about leveraging the P&L. So that will come. Obviously, we already feel like we’re in that 2% to 3%. That’s a big difference from where we were before and that does help drive margin. The other pieces are just going to be the good old fashion cost down. We haven’t had a lot of focus in our manufacturing organization to take cost down. We’ve only had the headwinds. We’ve had no push against those headwinds and that’s something that has changed. It takes a while for that work to capitalize into our gross margin number, but that will be coming. And then we’re also going to be looking at our organization to say, are we spending in the right areas? The fact is, we spend a lot of money and we haven’t been as judicious or disciplined in the way we spend that money. So you’re going to see certain categories that are very interesting to us that have high weighted average market growth opportunities where we think we have the right to win, we’re going to be doubling down in spend and we’re going to be taking from areas that don’t have those same opportunities, so kind of a mix shift that occurs there as well. So it isn’t just increasing spend to get growth, it’s being smarter about how we spend the money we already have. So all those things I think will contribute. And the fact is, one of the strategic pillars that we have as an organization is to be a top quartile performer in total shareholder return. That does not happen without margin expansion. So just know as we get passed 2020, we will have our eye very focused on margin expansion because it is a very important part of the equation to deliver one of our strategic commitments.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I appreciate the question. So what I would just tell you is that I don’t view supply in any way, shape or form as a barrier for us to deliver the commitments that we have put out there. We’re going to over achieve those commitments, by the way, if things go the right way. I would just tell you that with ROSA in particular, I don’t see any supply constraints at this point. We put a governor on how we’re approaching the market because we want to make sure that we do this smart, that we learn what the flaws may be in the way we educate when we bring ROSA to the marketplace. So we put a governor on how we’re going to market, but it’s not because of capacity constraints. So I just want to make sure that I’m clear on that. As a matter of fact, I’d go further to say I hope we have a capacity problem in 2020 because that would mean that we’re doing very, very well in the marketplace. So I don’t see capacity from a manufacturing perspective and/or the other variables associated with commercial infrastructure, education, service levels, I don’t see those things being an issue for us with ROSA and I don’t see them being a major barrier for us in any product category.
Bryan Hanson: I’d just comment and Suke, if you want to provide any additional color. I think the original way you’re looking at it is correct. We’re looking at marginal margin expansion in 2020. But if we see an opportunity to be able to invest and drive revenue growth rate up in the short term, we’re going to take advantage of that. That is the thing you should want, that is the thing that we want, because that’s the only sustainable way to drive margin over time. We can easily cut cost and that can give you a lot of margin expansion in 2020, but that would the absolute wrong thing to do because the top line growth and accelerating that top line growth is the way to do it sustainably. So if we have opportunity in 2020 to be very clear to be able to invest and drive short-term growth, we will do that and forego margin expansion in 2020 with the idea that that gives us the runway to a do it sustainably and really being to show that traction in 2021.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. So what I would just say is just do a correction here. It’s been well more than 1,000 cases that we’ve had on the real world with ROSA so far out of the gate, and again feedback has been very strong. What I would say is we’re learning. Utilization rates were all over the place. It depends on how long the system has been in, how focused the surgeon is that we’re bringing it in is on using it in his cases or her cases. So I’d just say it’s too early to say what the utilization rate we think is actually going to be. But we’ve seen so far is pretty consistent with what our competitor has talked about. That just gives you some feel for it. What I would say as we continue to move forward, we’ll get a better understanding of that utilization. I would expect that over time as people get used to the system that we would actually see more utilization than what’s out there today, because one of the primary things that frustrate surgeons with robotics is typically robotics slows them down in the surgical procedure and as a result of that they don’t get the same throughput, which means they don’t use all the time because they want to make sure that they have patients moving through the operating room. Just like a factory, you’ve got the fixed expenses, you want to move the patient through because that’s how the surgeons make money and the hospital makes money. Our robotics system actually makes that easier because it doesn’t change as much as the workflow and allows the surgeon to conduct a product basically in the same time they had before the robotics system, but just more accuracy now. So again, too early to tell but I would expect our utilization to look pretty good over time.
Bryan Hanson: Absolutely and I appreciate the question. So what I would tell you is that we still have to make sure that a lot of the things that we’ve changed actually gel. The fact is when you’ve had an organization that has been struggling for as long as Zimmer Biomet has, it takes a lot of change. The only way you’re going to actually fix it, moving in the right direction and truly shape it for success to make significant change, and we have. And so just to give you a couple of examples of those things that we still need to get some time, but we’re moving in the right direction. We’ve got to give it some time. It’d be the number of new leaders that I have in the business. You think about the number of new leaders that I’ve brought in, 70% plus of my team is new, that same thing is happening below them. So we need to make sure that those individuals settle in. They show durability in driving this kind of increased effectiveness and I’m just going to call this maniacal focus on delivering what we say we’re going to deliver. That’s a cultural shift for the organization that we’ll take. So I just got to see that happen. A lot of these people have been here less than a year, so I need to make sure that they’re getting traction. We’ve also changed the structure of every one of our regions in every one of our businesses, and again less than a year ago. So we need to make sure that that gels and that we continue to drive success with it. And we’ve got a bunch of new products that we’ve launched. We had to get the new product engine going. That was a big part of the variables in this equation. It’s happening. We’re still in the early phases of those launches. It’s going well, but they need to go through that full launch phase and they need to continue to perform the way they are performing today. Those are a lot of things. Another big one is I feel really good about where we are with quality remediation in the North Campus. But the fact is the only square part that counts is when the FDA comes back in and they tell us that they love what we’ve done. Now we think we’re in a position to be able to make that happen, but that’s still something that’s got to gel. As we continue to progress through those in parallel, we’re now working on things that you’re talking about. We’re moving away from this idea of supply stability and moving to efficiency in supply. And when I look at the network of manufacturing facilities we have, we’ve got to attack that. We got to do it in a smart and strategic way to understand what the footprint should look like and over time we need to reduce the footprint to make sure that we have the right organizational structure and footprint to be able to support what we need. I also look at this business, this is what’s nice as being an outsider to orthopedics coming in and I will get the inefficiency associated with the amount of inventory that we have and the amount of inventory we write off every year in E&O, hundreds of millions of dollars every year that impacts my P&L. We are going to attack that. We’re putting teams in place now to understand why is the DOH the way it is, how do we start to bring that DOH down through systems and different business models and ultimately as a result of that start to get the benefit of reducing the E&O, because that will help our P&L. So know for sure that we’re already beginning to pay attention to those facets of the business and we see opportunity. There’s no question. It’s going to take time to get after it, because we still have to have these other parts of the business gel that we’ve been moving forward on, but we’re already starting action in those areas.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, it’s a great question. So first and foremost, we have to see and I believe we will because of the structure we’re putting into place and the morale change, but we have to see the Americas improve. And just general, if I think about geographically speaking, the Americas has to improve. It’s 62% of our business. It has to move in the right direction. Underneath that, the things that we’re going to be highly focused on is getting our knee franchise above market. And I really do believe it’s going to take time for all the reasons that I mentioned before, but we can get durably the knee market – our knee business to grow above market. That has to happen. It’s got to happen through new product launches, particularly around ROSA, but also the ecosystem that we’re building in and around it and then just traction and focusing on the fastest growth submarkets. You’ve got Cementless, you’ve got Partial and you’ve got robotics; very attractive submarkets of knee where we have very good launches and morale boost inside of those. Another big one is S.E.T. with specific focus in extremities. The fact is we have to get that durably in mid-single digits. That’s the market growth. We have to be able to be there consistently. We haven’t proven that in the past. We’re moving in the right direction. We have new products. We have the specialization of the sales organization. We’re changing the comp structure. We’re making sure that we have better operating mechanisms. But those things must happen. If I can just get knee above market, we can get S.E.T. at market. I can keep hip right around that market growth and I can get some slightly improvement in spine and dental staying where it is, that can get us above that 2% to 3% growth. I don’t want to offer this up today. I really want people thinking as you model 2020, 2% to 3% is the right place to be. But I absolutely see a pathway to get above 2% to 3%. I think just a backdoor here. If you go back – I don’t think I mentioned this, but you go back to 2015, we’ve only had three quarters as a company, as Zimmer Biomet, including this one where we were above 2% growth. That’s going all the way back to 2015. So let us just get used to being able to do the 2% to 3% durably. And once we do that, we’re not going to be happy with that. Obviously, we’re going to move north of it. That will come through things that I just mentioned. And very soon with the right targets, with the right returns, we’ll add to that our M&A to be able to boost traction in that area.
