David Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. The full year 2011 for Zimmer was characterized by the successful commercialization of new products and expansion of our global footprint in both established and emerging markets. Sustained growth in 2012 will be supported by a continued focus on our strategic priorities. Specifically, progress in our business transformation programs, coupled with disciplined financial management have enabled us to build a balanced and conservative capital structure with high levels of operating cash flow. This structure provides the company with the flexibility to continue to make investments in strategic growth drivers. Zimmer is building a business that is well positioned to deliver increased value to our stockholders in any market environment. As a result, the company expects to deliver high-single to low-double digit earnings per share growth off of low- to mid-single digit growth in net revenues in the near term. With economic recovery, there’ll be an opportunity for mid-teens earnings per share growth from mid- to upper-single digit revenue growth in the medium to long term.  And now, I'd like to ask Sarah to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: In the fourth quarter, I would say that the impact of the forward acquisitions was not material. That's a business that's growing organically. I think clearly, we're taking market share, and we’re doing it in almost every product category.
David Dvorak: I think that the fourth quarter showed no further deterioration in those procedure rates. I don't think that you want to read into that, that it's a step-up in procedure rates. I don't think that the numbers really bear that out at this point in time. We just continue to believe that you're seeing procedure deferrals and that this is anything but a normalized usage rate relative to the population base. So those patients are out there. The ones that are in the advanced stages of osteoarthritis aren't finding other solutions, and they're going to come back into the fold. It's going to take broader macroeconomic conditions to improve to bring more of them back into the fold. I’d say for us on the knee side, we continued to perform quite well outside the United States in that product category and showed some modest improvement within the United States. We're anxious to get after some of the opportunities that we have in all the categories with the knees as we get into 2012 including PSI instruments for our Uni [ph], the ZUK [ph], the eLIBRA Dynamic Knee Balancing System within the primary category and then on revisions, continued progress with TM cones and augments. So we're really enthusiastic about our future and our largest product franchise, knees.
David Dvorak: I think that's exactly right. I think we're looking for 2012 or providing guidance relative to 2012 to be quite similar to 2011.
David Dvorak: Sure. I think our portfolio decisions in that respect, Matt, have been pretty consistent over time. And as you said, we've had some long term investments. We've been making investments in the biological solutions area for over a decade now and some of those investments are bearing fruit. I think that we've done it in a very cost effective way. We have the benefit of scaled within the musculoskeletal space and that allows us to make investments in both products that are going to come to market sooner and those that are going to take longer and may involve PMAs. And oftentimes, we can justify doing that and still create value for the business because those technologies can be leveraged across several of our franchises. So I would say that we're going to continue to strike an appropriate balance. It will be a mix of those products, and you won't see us skewing those investments increasingly towards PMA-type products but there’ll be a steady diet of those as well.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob, I mean, it's really driven by new product introductions. Those products that have already been launched and those that we anticipate launching in this year, as well as projects that have come to us through external development and being able to ramp up and take advantage of those opportunities. So we split the year in half, characterized it the way that we did because of where we're going to be in that launch cycle across our various portfolio.
David Dvorak: Sure. I think that you should assume that you're going to continue to see a steady flow of the types of deals that we've been doing in the last year, 1.5 years with Beijing Montagne with the External Fixation System pickup on the product line, Synvasive on the cutting blade technologies and knee balancing systems. All of those types of acquisitions are going to continue to flow. And from our perspective, those bolt-on or tuck-in deals are just another prong of our product development efforts essentially, whether it's internally developed or we gather it through external development is no matter to us as long as we can do it in a manner that creates value and continues to provide broader solutions within the musculoskeletal space. Now we're just as interested in doing transactions that you characterize as being bigger. But again, we're going to be very financially disciplined about how we evaluate those opportunities and ensure that they model out in a manner where they're going to create value for our stockholders and we're comfortable with our capability to integrate those transactions in a manner that would allow us to realize that potential and create value for our stockholders. And those bars are pretty high, so I think it's easier for us to see our way into continuing to do these tuck-in transactions. But if the right larger transaction came along and we could create value for our shareholders and we evaluated that transaction relative to other uses of that cash and thought that it was superior, we'd move ahead with them so long as they’re strategically aligned with our musculoskeletal focus.
David Dvorak: We continue to make progress on that, Adam. I mean, we have been communicating regularly with the FDA, providing them with updates as to the progress that we're making in our remediation efforts to address all of those concerns that the FDA provided in written form and the Form 483, I would tell you that some of those areas we believe that we have fully addressed at this point in time by the nature of the observations in other areas. There is more work to do, but we continue to make very good progress and communicate directly with the FDA to let them know of that progress.
David Dvorak: I would tell you that those markets are very, Charlie, across the Europe, Middle East and Africa segment for us, as well as Asia Pacific. So there are some markets that continue to perform quite well among the developed markets in those 2 geographic segments, and then others that are sluggish and are probably seeing the effects of the austerity measures more directly. The key is to do well in all of them to produce the results that we're producing, and I think that we're doing just that. We're taking full advantage of the scale, the breadth of the portfolio and expanding our footprint and in places where those markets are growing more slowly we're taking share to produce the growth rates that we've been producing. So I will tell you that I'm quite confident going into 2012 that we're going to be able to continue to grow those o U.S. markets at attractive rates. We have the right product portfolio. We're expanding our footprint. We have terrific leadership in those markets and those businesses just have a lot of momentum for us right now. So not to understate the challenges that can be faced within certain of those developed markets in particular but I think on balance, we're in a position now where we just have momentum that's going to overcome that and continue in 2012.
David Dvorak: The answer to the question is yes. These are businesses that in the environment they were operating in for the last decade or more, frankly, didn't have to run towards operational excellence whether it was in the area of manufacturing or purchasing or logistics. And we brought a lot of new talent onboard over the last several years and developed plans and have begun to methodically execute those plans in various areas including strategic sourcing and enhancing the quality systems and employing Lean and Six Sigma principles throughout our manufacturing operations. They're going to produce significant benefits moving forward. So we are quite confident that we're going to be able to achieve that kind of adjusted earnings per share growth number and absorb the tax at the same time. And we also believe that we're going to be able to do as we have in 2011, continue to make all the important strategic investments that are going to lead to sustained growth in the future for the business.
David Dvorak: Well, there are a lot of platform systems and broad offerings, Derrick, that are maturing through our system at this point in time and so including within the knee franchise, we have some significant things that we're very excited about. Not all of those will be broadly visible at the Academy meeting, but the ones that you'll certainly see will be PSI for ZUK [ph], our Uni [ph] system, as I mentioned, the eLIBRA Dynamic Knee Balancing System. This will be the first Academy meeting for our Trabecular Metal cones and augments on the Revision side. So on knees, we have something new to talk about with surgeons and clinically relevant innovation whether it's pre-total knee arthroplasty all the way through revision. On the hip side, you'll see continued expansion of our personalization and customizable offerings with the CLS Brevius with Kinectiv Technology stem coming to the United States. And then for the OUS surgeons, the Maxera large diameter head ceramic-on-ceramic cup. Extremities, the Anatomical Shoulder Combined Adapter is something that we're receiving a lot of excitement about. It's in the initial stages of launch, and it will be featured at the Academy as well as some other interesting innovations within that franchise. This will be the first Academy within the Trauma segment for us to introduce the XtraFix External Fixation System. So we're excited about that. On Spine, the InViZia Cervical Plate offering. Our Dental pod will include the TM dental implant and then Zfx digital dentistry solutions. Surgical will include the SoPlus power tool line, and then the Synvasive blade technologies, which we're excited to add to the portfolio. And then within biologic's exciting innovations, the counter-fix product that I described earlier, as well as the initial stages of our launch of Gel-One. So we're going to have a busy booth we anticipate, and there are, as I said, some other systems that either will not be broadly viewed but likely we’ll make progress on pending clearances as 2012 progresses. So even after the Academy meeting, we expect to be rolling out some very interesting innovations during the year.
David Dvorak: Yes, I can kind of frame something out and come back if you have follow-up questions on this. But I would think of, as you said, low-single digit volume in the operating environment that we're in currently. And then as those procedure rates normalize, one would expect us to move back towards something that is more mid-single digit. And then on the price mix component, I would tell you that if we're innovating the right way, we believe that even if price pressure were to continue in the form that we're seeing it currently, and we don't expect it to accelerate, you’ll recall that we've been guiding for 1 to 2 negative price for quite some time now and that's the range that we've been operating in. We think that with the right innovations, one can offset at least a portion, if not most all of that within franchises with mixed opportunities. And so you kind of reach back to a mid-single digit growth rate, and then you have to find ways to accelerate that growth. Beyond that for us, I think if we're innovating the right way, we're going to be able to take share within the core recon market. So large joints within developed markets, we obviously are making significant investments to accelerate our growth rate and take advantage of emerging markets. And then finally, the sort of our emerging businesses -- Spine, Dental, Trauma, Surgical -- provide us with opportunities to outperform the market if we're running those businesses the right way, and you can see that we're achieving that objective in a couple -- 3 of them right now. So that really provides us with the opportunity to start moving up from mid-single digit to something higher than that.
David Dvorak: Good questions. I think that the environment that we're operating in causes us to have to go out and find that growth. These are slower growth markets. The U.S. for large joints is flattish in its growth patterns as of late. So someone who wants to win has to figure out a way to go take share in that environment. I do think that, that market will stabilize. I think that it's going to take a broader macroeconomic condition improvement for those procedure rates to come back into the fold. And again the way we view that market is kind of a 3% to 5% procedure growth rate depending upon the level of current penetration for those large joint procedures in various markets around the globe. And we're placing all of the investments in the right strategic areas to be able to compete effectively in that market. So we're going to continue to innovate and position ourselves to win in any market environment that we find ourselves. I think that, again, you can see these markets normalizing in something between 3% and 5% procedure growth rate, but we have opportunities within emerging markets and within our emerging businesses to grow at paces that are well beyond that as our current results even reflect.
David Dvorak: Yes. I think that something procedure rate-wise within developed markets that's probably closer to the low end of that range and something procedure growth rate-wise within the emerging markets that's well above that, so you probably blend those out to something that looks like mid-single digits in a normalized environment, Bill.
David Dvorak: I don't know that we're seeing anything in the way of procedure rates that with our size business, still gives us great insight as to what’s happening. I mean, it is well publicized as to what seems to be occurring with respect to the approval of those procedures. And so there clearly is pressure on that front. And then from a pricing perspective, I don't know that we’ve experienced this much downward pressure as other companies, but it exists within our business. I would tell you that it's less than the negative mid-single digits at this point for us, which is what you hear from others is negative mid-single digits. So it's a tough environment, I think, on the procedure rate-wise. Procedure growth rate side, that's a business that we continue to be excited about primarily because we have about 2% market share in a $9-billion market. So I don't think that we're the price leader, and I think that we're going to have good opportunities if we're innovating in the right way and strengthening our sales channel in most of the areas that we're focused on at this point. So we're optimistic about seeing improvement in our Spine business. We are experiencing negative price, but maybe not to the same extent as some of the larger players in that space currently and it's just tough, Bill, for us to give you any deeper insight into procedure rates beyond what you've heard from others that have a larger share of that market. So I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on April 26, 2012. With that, I'll turn the call back to you, Sarah.
James T. Crines: Sure. Kim, this is Jim. It's not the case that all of this step-down from where we were in the first 3 quarters of the year to the minus 1.6% in the fourth quarter, that's not the case that all of that is attributed to anniversary-ing out of the couple of things that I mentioned, both the dental distribution agreement and the international distributor acquisitions. So there was a bit of additional pressure in a number of product franchises that we saw in the fourth quarter and, of course, we’ve taken that into account in our guidance for 2012. We saw some additional pressure specifically in hips and in Spine in the fourth quarter. And again, that's taken into account in our expectations for 2012, as well as an expectation that we'll see price adjustments or price decline in Japan that will take effect in April. That will be very much in line with what we've experienced in the past. We would expect to see prices in Japan come down somewhere in the order of 4% to 5%. Again, Japan represents about 10% of our total revenues. So that shows up in our consolidated pricing at a level of around minus 30 basis points in our consolidated price.
James T. Crines: Yes, Bob, this is Jim. We're not surprised by what we saw in the fourth quarter. Obviously, given the fact that the results are in line -- the bottom line results are in line with the expectation we've laid out, even a little bit ahead of that expectation. Clearly, we had recognized coming into the quarter we had some opportunity in SG&A that would offset some of that pressure on the gross margin and, in fact, that's kind of how things played out for the quarter. So when you consider the opportunity we have going forward with leverage, we're obviously very focused on these restructuring and transformation initiatives. In fact, we're pretty excited about the opportunities we have to enhance the profitability of the business through those initiatives. There's a lot to them and a lot of work ahead of us but as we look at those initiatives, we feel we're going to have the opportunity to sustain year-over-year improvements and beyond 2012 both on the gross margin line and on the operating profit margin and the P&L.
James T. Crines: Joanne, I'll start with the gross margin. I would tell you somewhere in the order of 40 basis points of that step-down is related to the higher hedge losses in the fourth quarter of this year compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The balance of it is related to both higher unit cost and higher excess and obsolescence charges that we saw in the quarter. The 75% gross margin for the full year is very much in line with what we guided to coming into the year. As we look at 2012, we are anticipating another year of hedge losses, slightly lower in amount than the losses we recognized in 2011, and that has a lot to do with the fact that we’re hedging our company sales of inventory out 30 months. So we wouldn't expect to see a significant change in hedge results in the near term. Assuming currency rates remain consistent with year-end 2011 levels, we would expect losses to diminish once we get beyond 2012, beginning in 2013. And as I said in response to Bob's question a minute ago, maybe I'll just give you a little more color around the work that we're doing particularly as it relates to -- this is the transformation or restructuring work, particularly as it relates to manufacturing operations, I think we have a lot of opportunity there. So those programs, we'll take full advantage of those opportunities. We look across the 4 major elements of our manufacturing cost. I'll tell you that material and other input cost are going to come down through our strategic sourcing initiative. Our indirect costs are expected to decline as we rationalize overheads and infrastructure around a leaner manufacturing model. We anticipate driving process efficiencies as we reduce lead times and achieve higher labor productivity as well. And finally, some systemic improvements in our demand-based planning systems are expected to result in lower excess and obsolescence charges.
James T. Crines: Yes, so -- talked about -- well, maybe 2013 and beyond, again, we're talking about a target of $400 million in savings obviously by 2016. Just to let you know, more than 60% of that is anticipated to be in cost of goods and the balance of that in SG&A. We do expect to be able to fully offset the medical device tax in 2013 through the savings that we'll be achieving both in cost of goods and SG&A.
James T. Crines: Well, they, Charlie, I’ve certainly taken into account we did -- we saw the effect of that over the course of 2011. We saw it in gross margin. We saw it in SG&A as well. We talked about the fact that just given where we are with some of those markets, the operating expense and the fact that we're continuing to build out the sales channel, the operating expense ratios tend to be a bit higher than our consolidated average. I will say that with respect to 2012, we are expecting more balanced growth across the geographic segments and that should provide a bit of a tailwind both with respect to the gross margin performance and the SG&A ratio for 2012.
James T. Crines: Yes. Well, as we said, we've given guidance for the full year 2012, 39.5% to 40.5%. That takes into account all the things that we’ve been talking about. I will say that you have to be really careful when you’re looking at the quarterly ratios, because there's very pronounced seasonality in our business which is often sort of understated frankly in some of the analyst models. Our third quarter SG&A ratio is always going to be much higher relative to our full year ratio and our fourth quarter ratio. You can look back over the last 10 years and you would see that we report an SG&A ratio in the third quarter that’s typically at least 100 basis points higher than what we end up reporting in the fourth quarter. And that just has everything to do with the seasonality of our business and the fact that there is significant slowdown of procedure volumes in the third quarter and we still carry obviously a lot of -- a fair amount of fixed costs in SG&A.
James T. Crines: Sure. I provided obviously some pretty granular guidance on just about every line in the P&L and if you work through that, I think what you'll find is there is an expectation going into 2012 that we're going to see some leverage in the P&L. So we are anticipating in spite of the headwind on gross margin, it’s largely a function of again the opportunities we feel we have to drive the SG&A ratio down through these initiatives. We are anticipating to see some positive operating leverage on EBIT line in 2012.
James T. Crines: Well, if you consider the gross margin guidance for 2012 relative to where we finished the year in the fourth quarter, there is an expectation that a combination of something I referenced in response to a question a minute ago of more balanced geographic growth out of our geographic segments, because we do have higher, tend to have higher gross margins in our largest geographic segment, the Americas, but that's not the only issue or factor that contribute to some tailwind in gross margin. The other thing would be more positive product mix, and there is an expectation going into next year that we'll see that, particularly behind some of the recently launched products and some of the new products we will be launching in 2012. So it is something that will have a positive impact both on the top line, as well as on margin.
