Suketu Upadhyay: Sure, Steve. Thanks for the question. This is Suey and hello to everyone on the call. The first thing I'd just step back, overall, we had a very good first quarter, as you can see from the results. And it was really across all of our business segments, including all of our regions, and that flowed through all the way through the P&L. So really happy about the quality and the execution of the entire team. We did always think that Q1 would be our strongest growth quarter. We talked about that when we gave our initial guidance for the year. That was really two key drivers. One is you had a strong comp benefit versus the first quarter of 2022. Clearly, we were still dealing with Omicron back in 2022. Secondly, we talked about a day rate tailwind of 100 basis points. So we knew year-over-year that we would see strong growth. But we achieved better than that and really across every one of our business segments, as I pointed out earlier. But recall where our expectations were before. We thought we would continue to see some procedural volume challenges and staffing challenges and also supply chain headwinds. So that underpinned our previous guide. But we actually overachieved relative to those macro factors. Where we just didn't see as much staffing or COVID pressure. We also saw some backlog come into the marketplace. And so from a macro standpoint, it was better than we expected. And then also our execution was incredibly strong. Our innovation was very strong across commercial but also supply chain. So really happy with where everybody sort of executed for the quarter. And we think that, that store will going forward. Relative to your specific question on the overall market growth rates. I would just say, look, we're not yet in normal market growth. You clearly continue to have some choppy comp comparisons versus the prior year. We do still think we're going to continue to face some headwinds relative to staffing and of course, supply chain continues to be a very real challenge out there, partially offset by some backlog tailwinds. So again the markets, I think, are anything but normal yet. But I would say they're very strong, they're improving and normalizing, and we're very encouraged about where they're going. Pricing in the quarter was a little bit, I would say, kind of in line with where we expected it to be. We always talked about this year being a bit better than the traditional 200 to 300 basis points that we've seen historically. And at 140 basis points of erosion that was right in line with where we expected to be.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yea. Shagun, it's Suke. Thank you for the question. We definitely saw a very good quarter in the year in the first quarter, and we're expecting that momentum to carry through. And I think you would see that in our rest of year guide coming up to 6% to 7% ex FX. From a quarterly cadence standpoint, I would expect the overall growth rates in each quarter from here to step down from the first quarter. And it really goes back to that one that comp benefit I talked about in the first quarter on Steve's question, but also we have that day rate tailwind of about 100 basis points in the first quarter. So that you should think about, again, the first quarter being the highest fourth quarter being the second highest from a growth perspective and the second and third being a little bit lighter just based on tougher comps and a net day rate headwind. And so that's how you should think about cadence. But definitely, we're lifting our guidance by more than just the first quarter outperformance. We're actually pulling that momentum through the rest of the year as part of that raise. Maybe Bryan, do you want to talk about the underlying growth as we move forward.
Suketu Upadhyay: I would say, continue to support our increase in guidance. So things continue to -- our guidance initially showed or had an assumption of improvement throughout the year. Our current increase in guide assumes that as well in the early days in April continuing to prove that out.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. I'd say the first thing is that it feels good to be in a position where you have the optionality, right, of deciding where you're going to put that additional growth in the margin or the profitability upside that comes from that. We continue to have a very strong, robust and innovative pipeline. We're going to continue to invest against the business in the right way, in a disciplined way. We're going to continue to be focused and make choices about, continue to expand in faster-growth submarkets that have good profitability profiles. We believe we can do that while still expanding margins over time. And that really comes from the strength and the discipline of the overall team in driving efficiency and mix shift in that investment profile to make sure that we're growing the top line while still growing the bottom line. So we think we can do both over time.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. Just going back to your point there, remember the comp benefit in Q1 was a key driver beyond underpinning that large overperformance relative to sort of that 4% to 5% we've been talking about. So just want to make sure that we've got good clarity around that. Having said that, as Bryan talked about, we do think and have even more confidence now based on our execution, based on the normalization of markets based on our pipeline, that 4 to 5 is a durable number, and we'd be disappointed again if we weren't able to achieve that in normalized markets. So we think that, that's sustainable over time. And then as we talked about, if that provides profitability upside that can be reinvested back into the business while still driving margin expansion. I mean that's where we want to be, right? That was the story underpinning our margin expansion all the way back to the beginning a few years ago, which is to be able to do this through revenue leverage, and do it in a high-quality way while investing back to the business.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. So there are a lot of factors inside the quarter that drove the outsized performance. I talked about year-over-year our original expectations, but we were above that, again, for a number of variables, including less pressure than we expected. We saw some backlog. I talked about, and we were able to navigate supply chain and good commercial execution. I would say backlog was probably the smaller component of the overall change our performance relative to expectations in Q1. We do expect that to continue for the rest of the year. That's built into our guidance as we move forward. And so yeah, it's good to have that a bit of an offset or tailwind relative to some of the other challenges we're seeing in the marketplace.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. So thanks for the question -- second question here, Vijay. The first thing is I'm just going to step back a little bit. As part of the overall margin expansion story, the Zimmer Biomet, we talked about ability to stabilize gross margins from '22 out for the next few years. Side of that on better revenue growth, we would leverage SG&A, which would give us the platform to then expand margins increase our earnings balance as a company. So that continues to be the strategy and story, and I think you're just seeing that play out here to 2023. Remember, as we came into '23, we talked about 100 basis points roughly of inflationary pressure in '22. That was going to capitalize in our P&L this year. That still remains true. In fact, probably seeing a little bit of additional incremental pressure on some areas of supply chain and inflation. I talked about contract manufacturing supply prices. We're still doing some spot buys for certain raw materials. It's putting a modest amount of incremental pressure. Nothing significant, but something we just want to keep our eyes on for the rest of this year and into 2024. But again, inflation has largely stabilized. So that 100 basis points is definitely coming in year-over-year. But despite that, we said that 22% on gross margins would be relatively in line, excuse me, '23 versus 2022, right? So the teams are going to be able to find a way to offset that incremental headwind and we've largely done that. Now in the first quarter, we did see exceptional growth sequentially, but also year-over-year. There are a number of variables that drive that. But I'd say the three biggest are around volume gains, right, that led us year-over-year but also versus expectation. Saw some FX hedge gains in the quarter and also a pretty pronounced mix benefit, especially given the outsized performance of our large joints versus our S.E.T. and other category and also U.S. versus the rest of the world. So those are kind of the three dynamics that are going on. In the first quarter, we -- as we go through the rest of the year, we still expect those three variables to play a positive impact, but not at the same level, okay? So the way to think about this is gross margin for the rest of the year will step down versus Q1, but still for the overall year will be higher than it was in 2022. So you should think about it on an underlying basis, '23 being still in line with 2022, okay? So gross margin is definitely a tailwind, underlying still consistent with prior year. The operating margin that you're implying off of our EPS guide is I think the directionally right way to think about that, and that upside is coming primarily from gross margin. So those are some of the building blocks that underpin our EPS raise for the year.
Suketu Upadhyay: I would just say all the hard work that the team has done in improving financial performance, paying down debt over the last few years, even through a challenging period to COVID. We've really strengthened the balance sheet. And so the great thing is our capital structure can support everything that Bryan spoke about. Right now, we're traveling somewhere around the mid- to high-2s from a net debt to leverage ratio perspective. So if you took turn, turn and half on that relative to $2 billion to $2.5 billion of adjusted EBITDA, you would see that there's a substantial amount of M&A firepower available to us. And those numbers would only be augmented by the EBITDA from a target. So a long way of saying that we've got the capital structure, we've got the balance sheet to support what Bryan talked about.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. Hey, Matt, so I definitely think that pricing will be less of a headwind than we've seen historically. I do think that pricing pressure in the overall market will remain it could potentially intensify over time. But I will tell you, our performance, so idiosyncratic to Zimmer Biomet is that we're putting things in place to ensure that we don't have pricing erosion at the same level that we've had historically. Even if the market worsens. So we think that we can continue to travel less than 200 basis points here in 2023 and at least for the near term beyond that.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah. I think on an absolute dollar standpoint, you should expect to see a step down in Q2. That's typical seasonality. So growth rates yet are going to be wonky sequentially or year-over-year between 1Q and 2Q, but you should expect to see the traditional sort of historic step down in absolute dollars for Q2.
Suketu Upadhyay: Yeah, thank you. Thanks for the question on gross margin, Travis, because actually, I intended to say that gross margin would be higher this year versus 2022, primarily driven by that mix component and FX hedge gains. But if you thought about neutralizing those because they may not continue beyond 2023 at the same level, the underlying gross margin will be equivalent to 22%. But in absolute terms, it will be higher this year versus last year on gross margin. I just want to make sure that's clear. Very perceptive on the share buyback. We did buy back, I think, about $250 million of shares this year, $150 million in Q4 of last year. That gets split between the Embody transaction, where we structured that with some equity to be advantageous from a deal structuring standpoint. So we bought those shares back, so to avoid any dilution on that deal from shares. And then the second is our more normal cadence going forward will be to buy back equity dilution from annual brands.
Ivan Tornos: Thank you, Steve, Ivan here. So lots of excitement as of late on Persona IQ. As of late, obviously, we got the NTAP indication that we're kicking October of 2023, were featured in the Wall Street Journal that got a lot of attention. We've signed additional contracts all over the U.S. with advancing rapidly in our limited market release, which as we said in the past, is more clinical in nature than commercial. We got now north of 500 million data points. And again, that's gained a lot of excitement. In terms of where we are, I'll tell you nothing has changed. We believe we'll be in a position to launch speed product by the end of 2023. We're working on four key things when it comes to this limited market release. Number two is understanding the clinical value proposition as well as the commercial value proposition. What do we do with all this data? What is the best way to position this product in the marketplace? Number two, as you can imagine, with the data component, there is a bit of a back and forth ownership, how do we utilize it, how do we make the best out of all this data. So we can act on it. And I would say with that tends a lot in this regard. Number three, is making sure that, overall, the customer experience is seamless. This involves patient education, this involves caregiver education. We're going to make sure that this is a best-in-class experience. And then number four, is how do we monetize the device. So in those four key areas, we've made tremendous advancements. And I do believe we're going to be in a position to launch at the end of the year. The NTAP is not going to impact every single patient, but it's a sizable amount of patients that are going to benefit from the additional reimbursement. And again, it's just another reminder that this is breakthrough technology, first to market, new to market that will make a difference. So the exigent is high, and we look forward to updating you guys down the road.
Ivan Tornos: Hey. Thank you, Robbie. Good talking to you this morning. I will probably bucket the performance in two key areas: commercial execution and innovation. And maybe I'll start with Slide number two, and I won't break down all the details on what's driving what. But clearly, new product introductions had to do a lot with the performance. As you know, during Las Vegas, we launched Persona OsseoTi, that is our cementless new form factor platform, and that is gaining traction. I'll tell you, roughly one third of all customers for Persona OsseoTi are competitive accounts. We've seen that with Persona OsseoTi with increasing also the penetration robotics. And again, I won't break down the size of that increase. But we've seen an increase in robotic cases done in combination, personas and ROSA. So definitely a driver there. Persona iQ, obviously, too early but ROSA overall, with Persona primary is gaining traction across the globe. The ecosystem, the interconnectivity of implants and CV is gaining momentum. And that's the momentum whether you hit in the U.S. or you're in Europe or Asia Pacific. So again, a lot to unpack when it comes to innovation. On commercial execution, we navigated supply challenges, I think, very effectively, very proud of what the team has done in that regard. And we're executing flawlessly. We got new incentive plans in place in '23 that were not around in 2022. Around making sure that people are growing in knees and hips, while pulling asset. We have new incentives in other geographies around EMEA and APAC. And I would say, again, the commercial execution is going very well. The last thing I'll talk about is the ASC. This is one area where in the past, we're not doing other grade. We have three major gaps, people, contracts and portfolio. The portfolio is definitely there. We added a lot of people in our contracting group and the number of people they're thinking about ASCs in the hundreds. So today, around 10% to 15% of our sales come from the ASC and that's growing very nicely. So again, commercial execution and innovation are the two key buckets when it comes to this level of performance.
Ivan Tornos: Yeah, thanks for your question, Matthew. So first things first, it's not just the quantity, it's also the quality. Not every new product is created equal. But I think we referenced in the past, we launched around 50 new products from 18 through 22. And the commitment is to do at least 40 new product launches over the next 36 months. And again, what excites me about this launch is, Matthew, is the type of products that they are. They're differentiated. In many instances, they are first to market. And most of them are in growth areas that are going to drive WinGuard accretion for that, so 4% or above. In terms of where they're going, it will take me about an hour to go through everything in the pipeline. I'll keep it to maybe three minutes or less, but I'll tell you excited about where we are in is with a full portfolio, things that are already -- we already spoke about cementless or Persona OsseoTi new to market as of two-three months ago is getting up on traction. Our cementless penetration is at 15%, 1-5. We deserve to be in the 50% range, and that is definitely the goal. Excited about ROSA partial or robotic parcel system that is next generation is getting relaunched summer of 2023.Persona IQ, I think, we spoke plenty about that. As you look at the next 12 to 14 months, we will have Oxford Partial cementless here in the U.S. That is a legacy product that has gained a ton of markets in Europe. Persona Revision I didn't comment on that one, Robbie asked about performance. In Q1 Persona Revision saw tremendous growth again. That is a product that is only available in the U.S. I can hardly wait for 2024 when it gets into all U.S. markets. Shifting to hips, we launched ROSA Hip on the direct interior category, posterior to come at some point. In the market, we are the only mixed reality company with hip insights. That is something that is gaining tremendous traction. You can see the hologram of a patient anatomy. It drives efficiency and accuracy in a case with a lower instrumentation. Bryan, in the opening remarks spoke about HAMR or surgical impact. That is also a device that is driving efficiency in an operating room, frankly, taking an existing product. Product that is in market and making it better. It drives variable energy control. It's got better accuracy. It has the ability of actual implanting the cap. Again, I can spend an hour in that regard. On [Indiscernible], we got a sizeable of products inset through acquisitions and organic. We recently announced that we closed the Embody deal. That is giving us a competitive advantage in soft tissue repair, whether it's tendon injury or whether it's rotator cap that is performing very well. We got everything that we need in Sports medtech. We have a new product introduction in Shoulder. Again, I think three minutes are almost done, but I will tell you, there is a lot that is happening and it's happening both from an implant standpoint happening from a technology data solutions standpoint. So we look forward to updating you at an upcoming product fair, but I will tell you, innovation is truly now a competitive advance seat at Zimmer Biomet.
Ivan Tornos: Absolutely. I wish I will tell you when they are going to go away. What I will say is that we're navigating those very effectively. There are three key areas that I would say, account for 90% of the problem: Material shortage, labor issues and sterilization issues. On the materials situation is better. We have validated second sources. We've come out with new materials. So I would say that it's probably better than it was, let's say, six to 12 months ago. On the labor here in Warsaw, we constantly continue to hire people. So again, I would say we're in a much better position than we were six-12 months ago. Sterilization is also getting better, but make no mistake, it is a bottleneck. We could definitely be in a much better position. It will have more capabilities. That said, as reflected in the quarter, supply has been what it needed to be. It's put us in a position that we can continue to manage the business and grow the business. In terms of when this goes away, I have no idea. But I do think that it's well managed as of today.
Ivan Tornos: Thank you. I'll keep it short, so you can continue with Bryan. But first things first, NTAP. New technology add-on payment enables an additional payment of around $850 per additional knee, so up to $1,700 for both knees. The decision kicks in, in October or actually the indication. The approval kicks in, in October '23 and the last for 30 years. So it's pretty material. In terms of -- and by the way, it's not done. So we're going to be requesting these additional payments for the base station and other components. So there may be some additional upside to these numbers that I just quoted. In terms of the percentage of patients, this is for Medicare inpatient. We estimate that to be between 15% to 20%. Relative to the second part of the question, do we think that commercial payers will follow. I think that comes down to the data to the clinical data. As we expand the number of patients that benefit from this technology, we're able to validate the clinical claims that we think that we're going to able to validate, of course, this will become a new standard of care, and this will impact not just Medicare patients, but also commercial patients. So I think you had a follow-up question for Bryan.
Ivan Tornos: We're in the process of evaluating that, but we have not done that as of right now, no, we don't have any.
Bryan Hanson: I mean, we've stated it before. And obviously, just based on our performance today, our confidence level is even higher. We do believe that we're 4%-plus grower in a normal market. It's not exactly normal right now, as Suky talked about before, but our confidence continues to grow that we're in the right markets. We continue to build scale in more attractive submarkets and our confidence design.
Bryan Hanson: Well, maybe I'll just quickly talk about what I see from a market standpoint, us versus market. And then maybe you could speak to, which I think when you say pull forward you talked about backlog consumption. So maybe you could talk about backlog. From us versus market perspective, it felt pretty good in the quarter. Obviously, we look at this on a year-over-year basis, a stack basis, a sequential basis versus our key competitors. But we try not to get overexuberant about any specific order or too depressed about any specific quarter. What we do look at, as I've always talked about, is an eight-quarter trend across those three vectors. If I go all the way back to Q2 of 2020, and I look at that consistent order trend, I feel very good about our position versus market. And I truly believe we're just getting started. So from us versus market perspective, I feel good, and I think it will only get better over time. If you think about the backlog, maybe you could speak to what we saw in the quarter.
Bryan Hanson: And what's key about that, we were very disciplined about this. It's who we put phases into the organization transformation. We wanted to make sure that the base business was humming. That the organization was executing just like Ivan spoke to, we have. Our confidence level is very high. So not only do we have the balance sheet to move into that Phase 3 transformation. We now are ready to do it. We have the capability. We have the right team in place and we have the execution of the base business. So we're excited about Phase 3.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. Probably no major change, to be honest. To your point, it will create some headroom and it gives us that optionality as referenced before to let it flow through, which, as you can tell by our guide, we're going to let some of this flow through, but also to invest, and we are highly focused on driving revenue growth. We've done a lot of research in the med tech space. And it's very clear that those companies that are consistently top quartile performers in TSR, grow faster than those companies that aren't. And the second leading thing behind that is EPS growth. So make no mistake, when we get this headroom, we're going to be focused, first and foremost, on investing in the business to continue to drive sustained revenue growth that ultimately as a result of that drives EPS growth as well. So it's going to be the balance that we've always had with maybe a little more optionality than we would have otherwise.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. The other factor that's impacting it is you've got all these negative pressures that Ivan just referenced. And then, of course, our demand is going up pretty substantially. So the demand signal is coming in much higher than we expected in the face of that environment that's pretty challenging. And I just want to -- again, I know I said it in my prepared remarks, but I want to compliment the team. I've been with the commercial teams around the globe. And they're just doing an excellent job. These guys are really fighting 24 hours a day to make sure that we get product to the cases where they're needed. And trust me, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of effort. It's a lot of frustration I'm positive of that, but the team is doing a wonderful job indeed.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah. I think it's important to go back to the first quarter and just say, hey, that's not indicative of recon market. That is an easy comp for everybody, not just us, but across the board. So you have to look at that outsized performance and kind of haircut it by the comp. But even without that, it's a very hot market, to your point right now. And there are certain things about that, that you might think would be for just a period of time. Backlog recovery should be here for a while. But that will eventually go away. But there are some things associated with Recon that we think are sustainable. And we've talked about these in the past. I don't know that everybody connects with what we're saying. But here's what I see. If I think about market in total, there's a pretty significant technology shift that's occurring in Orthopedics at a very rapid pace. And by the way, we're just really getting started with that technology shift. That has a mixed benefit associated with it. So you don't need one new patient. You just need that technology to come in and that lifts the overall market growth and creates because of the innovation, better pricing stability. So the combination of those two things, in my view, is durable and sustainable to elevate the overall recon market growth, and we're certainly going to take advantage of that. The other benefit that we have in this area for us specifically is that we're investing very disciplined in areas in recon that are faster growth. So our weighted average market growth will be better than the overall market growth in Recon. That creates more sustainability for fast growth and above-market growth for the company. And then outside of that and specific to us, as Suky said, we're doing a much better job on pricing. And that's a big benefit. So if we can stay below our historical average in pricing that does also elevate our Recon business. And then finally, if I think about our innovation, we do believe it's differentiated. So we have an opportunity to also take market share through that innovation. So we really do believe Recon is attractive and sustainable. It's not going to be first quarter type of growth. That's abnormal because of the comp. But we do believe it could be elevated. We're also looking into some patient behavior potential changes that we're seeing through COVID. This is early days. We're kind of analyzing it right now, but the feedback is that there's really three things that may be changing the perspective of a patient on whether they do or don't get a procedure. Which would be positive for us because we think that we're going to make the decision to get the procedure. The first one is the technology advancements are giving people confidence that the outcome of the procedure is going to be good. A lot of people don't get the procedure because they're afraid the procedure is not going to do what they wanted to do. If that fear goes away, you may see more people enter the funnel. The second is that you're getting out of the hospital or the ASC faster. So that turnaround for the procedures 24 hours a lot of times used to be dates. So that also then is less inconvenient for the patient. And then the ASC setting by itself is attractive. I mean we don't want to go to a hospital to get a knee procedure where a bunch of sick people are. The ASC setting is less overwhelming, feel safer. And I think people are more attracted to it. And the final thing is you've got flexwork right now. That's pretty rampant out there. And so people feel more comfortable, more confident rehabbing and also staying in work. So we think those three things really have the opportunity to continue to elevate the recon market. And we're going to continue to look at it and take advantage of it.
