David Dvorak: Thank you Jim. In the first quarter we made progress that will enable us to accelerate our growth. Our improving performance and incremental manufacturing throughput are allowing us to increase investments in several strategic initiatives. We’re also encouraged by improvements in working capital management which help generate strong cash flows during the quarter. In addition, our new product launches are progressing and we’re continuing to deploy instruments and implants and the medical education associated with the new systems. As mentioned earlier, the clinical feedback we’ve received both in the early launches domestically and in jurisdictions outside the U.S., where they’ve been in use for a number of months gives us further optimism that these products are providing surgeons with excellent solutions for their patients. More broadly our organization has a sense of excitement coming off the AAOS meeting and we’re driving our strategic plan and moving forward with confidence. And now I’d like to ask (Celeste) to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Yes, we’re looking to make material improvements in the performance of those two franchises Raj and a lot of this does relate to those product launches that you mentioned. On the hip side, the Acetabular Cups are going to give us great opportunities to pair those up with what we believe to be industry leading technology on the stem side and we’re already seeing early indications that (hypothesis) is going to prove very much true, those sets do take time to get out and as we’ve said it really is a second half for the year productivity story for us on the deployments, in the jurisdictions overseas where the Cups have been launched and I’d probably see that early period six months into the process, we’re already seeing improvements in the performance in those markets. So the uptake has been attractive. I am absolutely confident that we’re going to see the same experience in the U.S. markets. On the knee side, it’s much the same story. We mentioned PSI, we’re getting good up-tick in that already. I would tell you that I think it’s going to be a growth driver for us principally in the U.S. marketplace, but there are other instruments that we’ll be launching midyear that we’re going to put us in a much more competitive advantage for instruments to be responsive to what the surgeons are looking for. They’re looking for simpler instruments that take time out of the OR, lead to reproduce more results for more ergonomically design and we have a great solution that we’ll be launching in midyear in that category. So we’re very optimistic about the prospects for improving both of those key franchise, key franchise performances within the year.
David Dvorak: Yes, I would expect this year that we would be back to market growth rates in both those franchises and we’re going to be working towards and expectation of delivering above market growth rates in hips.
David Dvorak: Those are the principal drivers, that’s right David, I mean really is top line driven and those are the biggest product categories that we have. The one that I would add into that in addition to the instruments on the knee side and the cups on the hip side would be the nail launch within trauma.
David Dvorak: Yes, I think that in the short term we had good opportunities to grow above market rates (OUS). We have a good product portfolio, it’s actually broader because it includes some of the non-fusion solutions that we have within that bag at this point in time. And then what we’re looking to do is correct out that performance so that we’re exiting this year back at market overall and that’s going to obviously require some pretty significant improvement in our U.S performance and that’s going to come in the form of new product launches. We’re excited about some of the things that we have going on, especially in the MIS category there and just better sales execution as well. So I think that what you want to look for and hold us accountable to is a continued performance improvement trend through the year, exiting the year at about market growth rates and then a good cadence of new product launches thereafter that are going to sustain that growth as build the business out.
David Dvorak: I think that the instruments are the only gap of any significance at all at this point in time in our portfolio. We have the leading knee systems as far as clinical performance globally as evident side of the registry data that is continuously published in both NexGen, Natural Knee and then on the European front principally in Central Europe the Innex Knee System. So we have great primary offerings, we have good (pre-TK) as well as revision opportunities as well and those aspects of our franchise are growing at attractive rates so it’s really the primary side and its instrument driven and that’s something that as I said we’re going to be correcting out in short term here.
David Dvorak: I think that’s at the same range currently, yes plus or minus a couple of percent of where it’s been. So we haven’t seen any significant change, but again when you have to look at our participation in that market with 5% market share and so we had a little bit more of a limited perspective on that particular market.
David Dvorak: Bob, the surgeon base is largely stabilized, I mean there obviously isn’t any magic to turning a calendar month or even a calendar year on those things and so it isn’t going ever be a circumstance where all of that’s over and past. There are going to be elements of that to continue on, but I will tell you they are immaterial to the overall performance of the business and frankly I would characterize them as be much more in a norm of above (inaudible) you’re going to win some business and you’re going to lose some business overtime. So I don’t think that that’s a driving issue for our performance at this stage. As far as the hip launch goes, I don’t see anything that’s happening with metal-on-metal as at all inhibiting our ability to execute on the opportunity that we have with these new cup systems. We were always quiet low relative to the market in our share of that metal-on-metal side of the things, down around 5% relative to a market that was probably 25 to 30% as measured by dollars and maybe 20 to 25% is measured by units and some of the competitors had 50% or maybe even north of 50% in mix. So while there is likely to be some settling of the composition of the overall mix of metal within the hip cup offerings for the market. We have nothing but upside on that and we don’t believe that that segment is going to go away within the market. So this is all a great opportunity for us and the versatility of those cup systems make that a non issue as well, because of the various varying surfaces that are offered globally.
David Dvorak: The rollout of PSI, this is one that was cleared by just in late November of last year. So we’re just getting to the point where you can start to see a bit of traction, right and this is one where it is likely to be a little bit of lag because you have to get those MRI centers qualified, surgeons trained very specifically and then the patients have to get into the queue as well even after that so there is going to be a lag between the efforts that go into that and productivity of those efforts and realizing sales and even enhancing primary knee sales which that system will certainly do and that’s going to be just beginning of the second quarter, obviously didn’t see anything in a way of a significant impact in the first quarter, but just to reiterate more of a second half of the year driver for growth.
David Dvorak: Yes and so that’s why we do limited releases on these big systems and so you get the feedback and listen carefully to that feedback and then make whatever adjustments are necessary to optimize the performance of those instruments and that’s exactly what the team did. So they got on that issue very early, its completely insignificant to the success of the ultimate launching of that product Mike in our view. And I wouldn’t describe it is a speed bomb whatsoever its normal course correction and we jumped on it very early in the process and we’re going to have a lot of success with that Continuum System.
David Dvorak: Europe continues to be flat overall in the primary developed markets at this point in time, you see numbers around plus or minus a couple of percent or so in each of those markets but when you weight them out it looks like a very flat market for the large showings right now, there obviously are good growth opportunity still in those developing markets in Europe but they’re not large enough to offset the flat nature of the large five within Europe. And so as we described in our prepared remarks we see stability in that in that, I don’t think that it’s getting worse. I think that its stable and so at some point clearly those markets are going to improve but it really involves a fair amount of speculation as to when that’s going to occur because you’re looking for a more fundamental recovery in some of those economies and freeing up some of those dollars that are controlled by those centralized healthcare systems for those patients that are deferring receiving the implants right now can get in and get the benefits of those solutions. And I still would project out the way we did in our guidance call earlier this year as far as Europe goes, and it’s going to be flat to slightly positive.
David Dvorak: Yes, and you’re right I think that the primary focus for us right now is to ensure that our organic growth rate is very much on track and so that is all about the new product launches in the sales and marketing execution around those but beyond that we’re constantly looking at business development opportunities for in exploring inorganic growth and we think that there are good opportunities, I think that you’ll see more activity in that area as the economy stabilizes and people feel like they have greater clarity as to what those opportunities look like. So we’re active in that area, it’s the first priority as far as redeploying cash and we’ll continue to be quite disciplined in how we go about that but I do think that you’ll see activity levels across the industry pick up, I’m not sure that those take the form of large consolidations, they’re only a couple of potential opportunities of significance in that regard. So I won't speculate as to what others might be thinking about doing in that context but I do think that generally speaking this will be a healthier year for external development across the industry.
David Dvorak: I think that the application of these broader technologies of advanced instruments will certainly impact across all franchises. I think that this particular solution has some leveragability in other franchises, but I think that it will be augmented by other technologies that create more efficient reproducible procedure that give the surgeons even more confidence. So it’s an area of import, I think that it’s an area that we intent to improve and lead the industry in improving. As far as penetration rates, that is just going to depend upon the clinical success that people have with these procedures and importantly whether or not they solved some other challenges. There is going to be cost challenge, there is going to be a reimbursement challenge and an income challenge on the surgeons part and so all of those instrument advancements are going to have to be crafted in a way where they resolved multiple issues and create value and multiple contacts and that really will dictate what level of penetration but I think it’s going to be significant in the intermediate term and the long term.
David Dvorak: We defined the sort of sweet spot for our business is being the musculoskeletal space, so that clearly is within space. There obviously are good reasons for us to want to expand into those types of markets, we have distribution channels to leverage, we have internal product development skill sets to leverage, we have manufacturing capabilities to leverage and so we think we can create a lot of value and anything that is within that musculoskeletal space that we currently are participating is of interesting to us.
David Dvorak: Well I think again, just start at the high level. We look at Asia Pacific and deem the procedure rates there to have returned for the most part pre-recession levels. And when you turn to Europe the five markets that we referenced clearly haven’t done that yet. They stabilized but we haven’t seen any improvement in those markets. And we have pretty significant market shares within those jurisdictions. So we feel like we have a fair amount of visibility. The outside of those five developed markets, we are seeing good growth in Europe and so there are opportunities there and surely the emerging markets when you define those as a dozen or 15 across the globe, we’re seeing nice growth in all of those markets in those areas of emphasize for us is well.
David Dvorak: We are seeing higher growth rates in what we define as an emerging markets. We track our performance across to total it about 13 markets, including the BRIC countries and we are seeing double-digit growth across those markets on what represents still a relatively small portion of our total revenue base.
David Dvorak: It’s all contemplated by our guidance. Those plans are well developed and we’re executing to those plans and to the extent that there would be accelerated spending that would largely be driven by an expanded, still expanded viewpoint as to what the opportunity looks like, so I think that you can assume that that is all baked into our guidance.
David Dvorak: Well the re-launching of the products that were taken off the market is a big growth driver and so we’re executing well I will tell you on that front, 60 plus percent growth in some of those categories, but it isn’t just that aspect the (OSP) business that is performing well, we’re doing quite well in bone cement and accessories, we’re doing well with our (tuner kits). So it’s pretty broad base and the next for us there Joanne is to make sure that we have a good product development Cadence coming out, so that we sustain that growth, but right now it’s really driven by good execution of bone cement, of (tuner kits) and then the re-launching of those products that were off the market previously.
David Dvorak: Well we have a full portfolio at this point in time, but obviously it’s always a matter of getting more (critics) on the bag and more feed on the street. We have what we deem to be a platform business there and we would execute better with what we have but it needs to grow and we’re going to have to continue to invest to be a player with any critical mass within that stage. So I would tell you right now I think that its new product development in sales and marketing execution that gets us back on track but then we’re going to be continuously investing in that business to get it back at a market growth very.
David Dvorak: Derrick if we look back at 2007, 2008 growth rates for we’re really principally focused on the hips and knees. We saw those categories, those product franchises across the market growing in high single digits and we look at least what we understand with respect to the first quarter at this stage with the companies that are reported publicly, we see growth rates that are back in at that level with knees obviously being higher than hips, but we’re seeing a return again how we would characterize it to high single digit growth for hips and knees in the U.S. market.
David Dvorak: Well I’m sorry that we had always indicated an expectation that the impact of those patients eventually working their way back into the system would be somewhat modest in what occurred in a kind of a linear fashion over time, that is we believe still the case. Anecdotally in pockets that you do hear that certain surgeons particularly those that perhaps are do less volume typically are getting a bit busier and so it is the case that those patients maybe coming back, but in the aggregates we don’t see that adding significant points of growth in those hip and knee markets within the U.S.
David Dvorak: Yes, I’d say that’s fair with respect to the Americas and the Asia Pacific markets, we would expect to still see a recovery at some point in Europe, Middle East, Africa markets which are still a bit depressed.
David Dvorak: We’re in the middle of executing a fair amount of work right now to get things setup for these product launches but I don’t think that there is anything that should be interpreted in a way of a trend there or a significant issue of any sort.
David Dvorak: Again I can't point to anything but again we have 5% market share and so a larger competitor may have a better basis to be able to characterize those types of dynamics.
David Dvorak: I don’t believe so Matt, I think that as you said its been a dynamic for some period of time in these rollouts and there is a lot to mobilize in a way of effort and obviously a large goal is on the manufacturing and operation side that you’ve been -- get these instrument sets and implant sets manufactured and deployed and then surgeon training that goes along with that is significant, obviously the sales force training even in advance of that is significant and so that’s really what we’re seeing here. But I wouldn’t tell you that this field is different than other large launches from the past, that kind of six to 18 months time frame to seed the market and start to see some productivity and find traction is still what this one feels like at this point in time. They get early feedback on these products but as we’ve said the early feedback in all jurisdiction whether its early stage of the launch or later stage in terms of months for the (OUS) launches with these products has been very positive for us.
David Dvorak: Great, and this will tell you that I think on the general environment I would characterize it more as stabilizing a bit as opposed to restoration of pre-recession growth rates and obviously isn’t at that little at this point in time. So stability looks attractive relatively speaking to where that market has been over the last couple of years since the recession took affect and I think that that’s more of a driver, beyond that one quarter a trend does not make I think that we have a good management team out there and they are stabilizing their business and executing well and that’s a business in a market that we’re very interested in growing. So we’re going to be in a good position when there is a more full recovery and that will come but it hasn’t come yet Matt.
David Dvorak: That – it is a knee system that we’re very comfortable with, I will tell you that we’ve had great success with that system. We re-review investigative data and since the launching of that system the revision rates have been very low, so we don’t have concerns at this point as to performance of the product, the design of that product and we’ll continue to monitor it as we do with our other products but I will tell you that within the quarter is measured by the sales performance within that product line, it didn’t produce any issues for us. It grew at an attractive rate.
David Dvorak: Great, thank you. Well thanks again everyone for joining us today and for your continued interest in Zimmer, we look forward to speaking to you on our second quarter conference call 8 A.M. on July 22, 2010. At this point I’ll turn the call back to you (Celeste).
James Crines: Yes, there are – Raj, this is Jim and there are couple of questions there, I’ll attempt to answer. We mentioned as you indicated that we are accelerating investments and certain operational excellence in growth initiatives. Without going into too much detail, those investments are generally in the area of sales and marketing support for new products and included just by – just to give one example of sales planning and scheduling tools that could be used to optimize field inventory and instrument appointments as we get into these major and new product launches. So I guess the other thing I would tell you is that, just given where we are with these new product launches in this operating period and the focus of those investments is now actually going to be on sales and marketing. I think we – you can expect coming out of this operating period, we’d like to be investing more money in research and development to accelerate new product development programs, but as we look forward into future operating periods we would look to fund any increased in our R&D spending with savings from SG&A.
James Crines: In this operating period given the opportunities that David talked about with respect to the new product launches, we are investing in going after those opportunities. Again that’s in the context of this current operating period.
James Crines: Sure, so again with the build out of the pipeline for our new Acetabular Cup products as well as our new line of Intramedullary Nails, we’re seeing increase throughput across the manufacturing network. We expect that to continue through the first half for the year. So we’re now putting lower cost inventory to the shelf and anticipate that inventory is going to turn in the second half for the year. So in part, that’s what leads us to a higher expectation for the gross margin ratio for the second half. Now I said, pointed out that product volumes are expected to peak in the first half of 2010 with these pipeline inventory builds and then (Taper) off perhaps in the second half for the year and there is about a six month lag in recognition of those efficiencies, across to that work. Now how much of it (tapers) off will depend in part on the success we have with penetration in those new products as well as procedure growth rates across our core markets. So and that accounts for about half of the improvements David, that’s reflected in the updated guidance that we provided. The other half is related to the change in outlook that we have for foreign currency.
James Crines: So, yes if you use the rates that were in effects, at the time that we gave our guidance at the beginning of the year, we clearly had a different outlook with respect to hedge losses we were projecting at the time relative to the gains that we had experienced last year.
James Crines: Yes, I would not categorize the 41 to 42% is the structural norm. I indicated we see some significant opportunities with respect to these new product launches and they are very significant. These are large systems that are getting launched both on the hip side and in trauma as well this year, that require us to make some investments in sales and marketing that support those product launches. So the 41 to 42% is not at all representative of the opportunity we believe we have to bring down that total spend over time and I would tell you that in part some of what we’re spending money on this year is directed at putting systems in place at reengineering business processes that will ultimately drive savings in SG&A. And the savings combined with the opportunity we’ll have to leverage fixed components of our SG&A expense as our top line grows, we’re working combination to get us back to without putting a specific target to it, maybe perhaps an aspirational target at this point to get us back to that level that you referenced.
James Crines: Yes, what we said coming into the year, that our expectation with respect to fewer price first of all would be that we would see something in the order of minus one to minus 2% across all of our product franchises and that positive mix that would offset that. So for the year, our expectation is that it will be neutral and that hasn’t changed.
James Crines: Sure, so hips pricing for the quarter was down just over a point and knees as well, pricing was down just over a point in the quarter and spine pricing was flat for the quarter.
