Suky Upadhyay: Yes, so, good morning, Rick. Good to be with you today. So, if you look at our implied guidance in second-half at the midpoint versus what we did in the first-half, you would get about 4% operational ex-FX growth for revenue. And really what underpins that is three key assumptions we've made inside that. One, you've got tougher comps in the second-half than you saw in the first-half. You see that especially with EMEA if you just think about the second quarter growth we just posted. But it really translates to other markets as well, so tougher comps. Two, we have one less selling day in the second-half of the year, so we've accounted for that. And third, as Bryan talked about, we're just taking a prudent view on COVID especially given our index to elective procedures. We did see some softening of procedures due to those cancellations as we exited the second quarter. And we're assuming that that continues into the third quarter with a step up or improvement in COVID in the fourth quarter. Now, I would say if we don't see that pressure continue all the way through the third quarter that would likely take us to the top end of our range. So, those are some of the big building blocks that we've assumed in our second-half growth rate. But as Bryan said, we feel really confident about the execution of the team, where our pipeline is going, and our ability to execute on our recent product launches, so feeling really good about the second-half.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, so, I'm you feeling encouraged, because we're feeling encouraged as well, that's the outlook. As we -- we're not going to get into guidance, obviously, for '23, there's still a lot more to play out in '22. But as we think about a normalized market and normal market dynamics, we would expect revenue at floor of 4%. And inside of that, based on all of the operational efficiencies the team has been very successful in making and things that we've got planned for next year, we believe we can offset these headwinds that we're seeing this year relative to inflationary pressures. And we believe we're in a position where we can expand margins into 2023. Now, albeit it won't be as great a margin expansion as you would have if we didn't have these inflationary pressures this year, but we still feel confident that we can expand margins with that type of top line growth profile into next year.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, hey, Pito, this is Suky. So, I'll start with the operating margin guide. So, inside of that, gross margin we do expect to step down in the second-half versus the first-half. We are experiencing greater headwinds due to inflationary pressures, and that's banked into our operating margin guide. And that's increased in the second quarter from our first quarter call. And what we now see is where we originally anticipated, about 50 basis points of that incremental inflationary pressure landing in 2023. We now think it's closer to 50 to 100 basis points. But again, we've completed included that in our new operating margin and gross margin guide or expectations for the rest of this year. Now, I would say, inside of that our assumption is that inflationary pressures stay relatively stable to where we exited the second quarter as we think about the rest of the year. If you take that operating margin you would expect perhaps a bigger EPS flow-through, but as you're seeing with across the sector, FX has been a significant headwind, taking our number up from 350 basis points of headwind, now to 500 basis points of headwind. And so, if you think about our EPS guide and our raise, the way to think about it is while we're increasing our ex-FX or operational growth by 200 basis points, our reported growth at the midpoint is only going up by 50 basis points. And so, if you take that 50 basis points that translates to about an incremental $35 million in revenue, including Q2 performance. And if you flow that through that would get you to about a nickel. And so, that helps support or helps give the big building blocks around the $0.05 raise that we just put in there. So, hopefully that gets to your questions, but happy to take any follow-ons you might have.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, so right now, we're assuming is flowing through to net income at about 30%. And that's inclusive of any natural hedges we have plus any FX gains and losses. Now, I would say that 30% can vary over time for a number of variables can vary based on mix of regional profit, it could vary because of timing of foreign currency changes, it could vary because of the timing of FX gains and losses. But right now, our best estimate is 30%. And as that changes, over time, we'll keep you updated.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, so had two other questions in there, Larry. One was on the quarter for knee and hip, and anything that we saw in there. But I would say it's a very clean quarter. We really didn't see anything material or meaningful relative to shifts in timing on tenders or anything. It was pretty straightforward on both -- well, on recon in total. And then relative to other, it was down, primarily driven by the mix of ROSA; I would say the installments continue to be very strong. As a company, we're very happy with how that -- the continued uptick of ROSA and the utilization increases we're seeing. But the mix of placements versus sales was different than the prior year where we saw, this year, more placements or this quarter more placements than we saw absolute dollars in sales. And then we did see just a little bit, a modest level of pressure in surgical capital within our other business, so again, that was the -- those were the two key drivers to the year-over-year declines in the quarter.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, Jayson, great question. Good clarification. It's really more about operating margin expansion. As I said, we've got some inflationary pressure this year that's going to capitalize into next year, which is going to put some headwind into gross margin year-over-year. I don't want to get into exactly where we think gross margin is going to end. We just know that year-over-year as a starting point you've got 50 to 100 basis points working against you because of things that happened this year. Having said that, quite excited about all the progress the team is making to help offset those. We are doing some really good things around pricing which is improving our profile. You saw that in this quarter we expect to see some of those more strategic and tactical levers continue to play through for the rest of this year and into next year. Really happy about what the supply chain and commercial teams are doing relative to site optimization and cost down in manufacturing. Even in the backdrop of a very dynamic supply chain market and the challenges with trying to get product and packaging materials and logistics all sorted out in a very again volatile market. And then beyond that in SG&A, we are going to continue to look at improvements in our go-to-market market models commercial models across the world. We have already implemented a number of those, for instance, in Europe where we look to restructure and rethink how we go to market in lower margin markets as well as lower margin business categories. And then, the global business services operating model that we created during the pandemic is ripe for further leverage. And we think that we can continue to drive efficiencies by putting more of our activities into those service lines. So, we feel really good that despite ongoing gross margin pressures because of these inflationary headwinds that we see a clear path to operating margin expansion into '23. So, hope that gives you a little bit more color and clarification on where expect to see it.
Suky Upadhyay: I think it's a good question. I would say it's a bit balance. It's multi-factorial. I would say that even in the quarter -- in the second quarter we didn't talk about backlog much. But I do believe in certain areas where you had capacity, capabilities, we did see some backlog come through. Unfortunately, what we continue to see is also an offset typically of that in other areas that have either COVID or staffing pressure that then drive the numbers down. So, I have kind of continued to see there is a kind of offsetting of areas that can drive forward and pick up backlog in other areas that are probably building backlog. I don't know when that's going to stop. It's hard to predict. But the good news is that we are seeing that anyways very strong procedure growth. We're just seeing canceling being the thing we are concentrating on. So, we're not seeing COVID driving ICU beds in the wrong direction or capacity of ICU beds being in challenge. It just is patient wants to come in. The procedure is being scheduled either the patient or the staff member gets COVID and they can't conduct the procedure. That's what we are seeing and that's what we saw more in June and July so far.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, thanks for the question. I will actually turn it over to Ivan. He is probably the closest in doing the day-to-day [cost head] [Ph] on this.
Suky Upadhyay: And it's not surprising that that occurs. Even if you just look at the implants, even in a very strong account that we would have, usually it's not homogenous with one implant. You typically have competitive implants in there as well. So, we follow suit that if you are going to move into robotics, you likely will have more than one robotic system.
Suky Upadhyay: You are absolutely right. It is going to be it is today and it will be a premium priced product. It is one of those opportunities for sure while just like you would see in robotics disposables. You would see in my mobility. You would see in a cementless uptick in price point. And that's why we are sprinting right now to be able to collect data to prove out the value proposition as I said in my prepared remarks. But Ivan, obviously you are very close to launch maybe you could speak to that as well.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes, so, I'll take that one. So, overall, on a consolidated basis, you're right, it was somewhere in the 200 to 300 range, but if you deconstructed that and actually looked by category, and we did provide that level of data, you would see that knee and hip or recon was higher on price erosion than the overall consolidated. And you saw generally lower than that average in S.E.T., so that was your offset. I don't know if Ivan -- 
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I'd just maybe make additional comment on that. And I would agree, yes, I think that the execution of the business and the team is very real. The momentum in the business is real. The product pipeline that we have is very strong, that we haven't even launched yet. So, for all those things coming together in a normal market, I would be very disappointed if we didn't deliver at least a 4% growth rate. And that said, that's not where we're going to stop, right. We clearly have a little more cash flexibility, and that opens up options for us from an acquisition standpoint. And we're going to be looking to add accretive WAMGR acquisitions, potentially diversifying acquisitions to bolster that growth rate over time.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, it's a great question. And it's interesting, because when I first started at Zimmer Biomet, I made the mistake one time on an earnings call talking about the fact that we are going to reduce SKUs, and the stock just tanked because normally what happens when you do that, there is risk associated with revenue. What we have done then is just to be quiet about it. But we have also been doing it. We had dramatic decreases in SKUs over the past 4 years, dramatic. And we are going to continue to focus on that because there is a lot of inefficiencies in orthopedics if you have multiple product lines you are trying to cover and it reduces focus in the field. So, we really are trying to focus on the main brands, push from an incentive standpoint our teams to focus on those brands and rationalize categories they are just not as important to us. So, again we have been doing that very quietly but very effectively over the last 4.5 years.
Bryan Hanson: I think you've always got to try to take a stab at those two things, therefore we are just not going to provide it. But I do want, Ivan, if you could talk about the momentum? I mean we are seeing really strong momentum in ROSA. It was a little off from the other category given the mix as Suky referenced before. We sold less than we did the prior year. But the placements were still strong. And the pull-through on those placements are also still strong, but maybe you can speak.
Bryan Hanson: I'll answer in a couple ways. I think first I would look at data points that would suggest that the market is ready. And I just look at ROSA, I look at robotics in general, it wasn't that long ago that there was an assumption that orthopedics would not pay a premium to bring robotics in the play. I think we are finding that's changing very rapidly. I really do believe robotics would become a standard of care at some point. I think it's the same thing. This is the next leg of the stool. I really do believe that data collection and the informatics capability as a result of that will be something that people will desire and pay for. We have to prove it. We have to collect the data, create the data lake, create insights as a result of that, and give guidance to surgeons from that data. Once that occurs and we can then predict things ahead of time and change care as a result of that, there's value in that, there's no question. Remember, there's still a large percentage of patients, somewhere in the neighborhood of 20%, to get a knee procedure that are not happy for whatever reason. And when you talk to surgeons, even really good surgeons, they don't always know why. They'll say, "Hey, I had the best surgery day, the X-ray looked fantastic. That patient is not happy, I do not know why," we don't either, but I'm pretty confident with the data we're collecting we'll be able to predict it in the future and then change the care for that patient. And that's really good for the patient, and that's why we're doing it.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. And I think it's important because you said it, it's not just IQ, it is an ecosystem of a capability that allows us to collect data across all areas of the procedure, before, during, and after, in a combination of those things that will create that data lake that is just too vast for us to make any sense of, but with machine learning we can look for patterns in the data and ultimately provide insights as a result of it.
Bryan Hanson: Well, it'll tell you, a lot better now than it did before, that's for sure. The fact is our financial flexibility is improving, the balance sheet looks strong. And we've earned the right now to be able to truly increase our focus in this area. Don't get me wrong, all along, since we've been in Phase 3 we've been looking at the market, looking for assets that we could pursue. But now, our ability to execute this phase of our transformation is more real. And just to give you some color there, we truly will be looking at mission-centric targets, because that's the number one criteria. We're also going to be looking for places where we believe or spaces where we believe we can get a path to leadership, at least at some point. We're always going to be looking for WAMGR-accretive assets, and then those things, that as a result of that, can drive faster growth and faster EPS growth over time. To size it, we're probably looking more small-to-medium size deals. And it would be across three areas. Number one would be to diversify in our faster-growth orthopedic markets, like extremities for CMFT, and even settings like ASC, but also, secondly, to diversify our revenue outside of traditional orthopedics with an eye towards those things that are a little less selective in nature. And then inside of recon, we're actually looking to enhance our position in those faster-growth submarkets of recon so we can bring our WAMGR up there as well, things like data and robotics. So, that's where we're going to focus in. We've been at Phase 3 for a while, we've got a lot of things that we're interested in, and now we have a little more financial flexibility to move in that direction.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I think what I would say it, hey, it was a strong quarter, but it's just a quarter. The fact is the momentum has been there for a long time. And I'm just really happy that finally, with some of the clouds being removed, you can actually see the performance that the team is actually delivering. I think -- I do want to make sure that we're clear, as we think about that concept of we should at least do a 4% growth rate, it's going to be choppy for a while. The fact is it's not a clean market, it's not an undisturbed market, and it's not going to be for a while. So, you could expect quarters that might be above that 4%, and you might expect to see quarters that are below that 4% just given all that noise in the market. Make no mistake, the business momentum is real. The team is executing right now flawlessly, and our product pipeline is really, really strong, so, our confidence is high. Even though it's going to be choppy for a while our confidence is very high.
Ivan Tornos: Sure. Thanks, Larry. And thanks, Bryan. So, you mentioned shoulder, and whether this is one device that is driving the growth, and I think the answer, Larry, is that that's not the case, it's more than one product. You are familiar with sort of Signature One Planner and guides. We launched that about three years ago, that today, above 50% of all procedures are done using this technology. And the feedback continues to be really compelling around accuracy, around the simple interface with the surgeon, the integration of the workflow, and just the fact that the surgeon is in control. Nano or the Stemless Shoulder was also launched, and is getting great momentum. The big launch that I think you're talking about hasn't happened yet, or Identity launch, which is going to be our biggest shoulder launch in the last five years, is about to get launched. And that is going to be as spacing-centric as it gets, truly a personalized solution. It has the ability of doing inlay and only reconstruction. I can spend an hour talking about it. I know you're a product guy, and what I tell you, it's going to be transformational. But beyond shoulders, in Sports Med, we have filled the portfolio very quickly, still integrating Relign, the acquisition that we did about 12 months ago. It is an all-in-one arthroscopic surgical platform; the feedback continues to be great both on the capital and consumable side. We got new products on ankles, and again I can continue to go on and on. But I will say that our portfolio in Sports Med today has everything that we need to have. And then lastly on CMFT, as Bryan referenced, that is a double-digit growth business with a combination of organic and inorganic plays. We launched new products on thoracic and neuro, we're about to launch as many as six to seven different products in the next 12 to 18 months, and we're making a lot of investments in that business. So, it's not one product, it's not one category. At least three categories are growing really strongly globally. And then, on top of that, I will say our commercial execution is best in class when it comes to the focus, the specialization, incentive plan, and our contracting capabilities, so, really excited about the S.E.T. and the momentum that we got, Larry.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, absolutely. So, on question number one, Josh, I concur with Bryan, the physician is clearly the decision-maker. But the role of the provider and the payer is also very, very important, and obviously we target those decision-makers as well. Relative to ROSA, I'll tell you Josh, what makes ROSA unique is not that it is one product; it is part of an ecosystem that consolidates a lot of different parts and pieces. It's fully integrated with a lot of pre-op stuff, our partnership with Apple and mymobility or planning software, the fact that you can use ROSA with the number one in the world, Persona, the connectivity with some data points, the OrthoIntel data platforms, and obviously Persona IQ at some point. So, I think it's more of an integrated solution than just one product that is driving those decision-makers to come our way. If you go out there and ask physicians why -- or payers, for that matter, why are they choosing ROSA; other than the outcomes and the technology at play, they like the efficiency, they like the fact that our preplanning is easier, they're seeing the outcomes. And I think those are the reason why we're seeing the great momentum with ROSA. So, hopefully, that answers your question.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, absolutely, thanks. So, I will tell you. When I joined this business four years ago, the normal price erosion was 3 even 400 basis points per year, in some categories, 500 basis points. That's not what we are. That's not what we are going to be. I would be extremely disappointed it would not below end of the range of 2% and that is on a bad day if you ask me, 200 basis points of price erosion. Relative to what we are doing, what are seeing success, first of all I'll define the journey as a three stage journey. Tactical, number one; strategic, number two; transformational, number three. We completed number one. We have done a lot of tactical stuff. Raising price for non-core products, raising price in non-core markets, thinking differently about different customers, business segmentation, all of that is being done. We are getting get success. Stage number two, strategic, I would say we are probably midpoint in that stage. It's about category contracting. We have number one position in hips and knees in many different accounts around the world. We have now done a good job in leveraging that position to bring S.E.T. another categories that is happening. Now that we have truly an ecosystem solution, we are bundling -- I don't like that word but that's the one that comes to mind our ecosystem and contracting across the [indiscernible] care. We are doing a lot of things in terms of thinking ASCs. We incorporate a ton of people in our contracting group that are thinking more strategically about those relationships, line extensions and what not. And then at some point, we will get into the transformational stage and that is how do we leverage all this data we are getting to do a risk chain agreements? Now that we learnt product platforms like Workai, we are able to engage in predictive analytics. We are going to leverage that to really understand what happens 3 - 6 months after a surgery is done. So, three different stages I would say again with our stage 2. And we are not at least or at worst at 2% price erosion, we are not doing our job. Thanks for the question.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, sure, absolutely. I'll tell you I am really proud of the work that the team has done globally. We are now in 40 countries with ROSA over the last three years. But I am even more energized about what's happening or what's going to happen over the next three years. But to throw some color, I won't disclose the number of placements. Bryan has done that in the past. I won't talk about penetration. But I will tell you that is double digit here in the U.S. We had a solid Q2. Sequentially, we grew both on sales and placement, overall installment Q2 22 versus Q1 of 2022 versus last year's comps was a headwind. We continue to see a nice mix in terms of the installations in an inpatient unit than in an ASC unit. I mentioned earlier that the feedback from customers is very compelling when it comes efficiency. And today about 30% of all installations have been in ASC. So, that's a great lead indicator to what's going to happen here given the migration into the setting. From competitive standpoint, we track that obviously very closely. About 40% to 50% of installations are happening in competitive accounts. And again, the number of returns and the feedback has been very, very positive in that space as well. So, really excited about where we are. It's a global business continue to see penetration in the right direction. And as I think about next three years, we have as many indications coming, I would say that we are in the really, really early innings of this game.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, absolutely, Jason. Thank you. It really depends. We are in a lot of teaching institutions. And as you can imagine when you are talking to HSS, Hospital for Special Surgery in New York or the Cleveland Clinic or Mayo, they do like to have a wide range of different robotic solutions. So, it's not uncommon to see two or even three robotic systems there. So, that comes to mind when it comes to selection. As you look at other savings, that depends. It depends on the preference. When you have high volume surgeons that you used to using Persona, then they tend to gravitate towards ROSA because it does integrate Persona and it drives a different level of efficiency. So, that depends on the volume of the surgeon, teaching institution, non-teaching institution. Yes, we do have examples in the U.S. and globally where you have as many as two or even three robots in an account.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, I am not sure, Jason that we are ready to commit to a launch date. We knew early on when we acquired this technology when we partnered with Canary in this technology that this was going to be a limited market release. And it could take 6, 12, or 18 months depends on the level of data we are getting. We knew that the [Elemar] [Ph] was more of clinical exercise than a commercial exercise. We are on track with the things we want to get. Really the Elemar had three stages. Number one is validation of the value proposition. And again, we are getting millions. And I am talking millions of data points so far in this Elemar, anything from what happens intraop on resection, gap balancing, the level of alignment, the cutting, what happens postop in terms of range of motion, in terms of gait, speed and all kind of things. With all those data points, we need to understand what is the true value proposition for that patient, that provider, and that physician. The second part is how do we -- once we really do launch the product, how do we make this efficient. What's the pathway towards activating sites at a faster speed? How do we change surgeons? How do we deal with data questions around privacy and what not? And then number three is really what's next? We don't want to be just a smart knee company; want to be a smart solutions company. So, we have got a pathway to get into hip. We have got a pathway to get into shoulder. When understand both cemented and cement less needs; different platform. And to that end, there is a lot of data we are getting to understand what is that we are going to do from a portfolio standpoint. So, I am not going to commit to a date for launch. But I would tell you we are on track in terms of gathering all the data and the roadmap ahead.
Ivan Tornos: I'll just maybe quickly add that in addition to the example of ROSA, which I think is a great example of the market being ready to pay for technology, we really have thousands of patients in or the mymobility by Apple platform, so another example of when you do provide the right data people will pay for it. There's two questions that every day we are trying to solve with payers and providers, can we lower the length of a stay in a hospital post surgery? Can we lower readmission rates? And if you can do that through data and technology, the market will pay for that. And we're making [both base] [Ph] that we're going to be able to do both of those.
Ivan Tornos: Well, I tell you I could spend an hour talking about these things that we're collecting, but from pre-op, to intra-op, to post-op, through different devices we're collecting data. Now we have Persona IQ, which is obviously intra-op and post-op, we're looking at things such as resection data, gap balancing, the accuracy on cuts, the overall alignment, the range, so of motion expectations, we're looking at post-op at asymmetry of the actual implant, the step length, what else, gait speed, how well are you doing at physical therapy post surgery. Again, I can go on and on. In addition to those patient-centric measures, we're looking at how to design products in a better way based on how those implants are functioning post-op, post surgery. But I think, in the academy, you'll see much more in this space. But again the idea going back to value proposition is out all these multiple data points, what are the two or three that are going to drive their premium and their willingness to pay. I'm looking forward to sharing that in the academy.
Ivan Tornos: Now just to be clear on this, 300 to 400 basis points, that is large joints in the U.S. So, when you look at the overall category it might have been different. But yes, it was not unusual to see 300 -- even higher than 400 basis points here in the U.S. given the way that we contract then -- and historical factors.
Ivan Tornos: I'll just keep it very succinct and say we have not given up on our foot and ankle. There is, I would say, a meaningful amount of R&D that is going to add space. We recently closed the buyout of an extremity, which was a part of [indiscernible]. We now have a more complete offering in forefoot, midfoot, and hindfoot. We had some biology solutions that we're launching as we speak. We had a partnership with a sports medicine group on sutures. So, there is a compelling portfolio, I would label it, that we're seeing that we're going to be able to launch here.
