David C. Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. Zimmer is well positioned to deliver high single to double-digit earnings growth in 2013 through continued expansion in both established and emerging markets and through the savings delivered by our operational and commercial transformation programs. We look forward to the broader introduction of an unprecedented pipeline of new products and systems in our core franchises and in a number of adjacent product categories, delivering new opportunities for expanded top line growth. And now I'd like to ask Regina to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I think that when it comes to the overall market, we did see a bit of a pickup sequentially from Q3 to Q4. But the pickup was more in the United States and offset by some o U.S. markets that actually stepped down, notably some of the European markets. So I would deem it, Derrick, to be a stable market for large joints. If you look across the quarters of 2012, you have a range of maybe 150 basis points from the highest growth rate quarter to the slowest growth rate quarter. And the average for the year looks to me to be dead on with what we saw in Q4, that is around 2% growth. I think our own performance, we've talked about the improvement that we want to drive within the U.S. market. We're seeing improvement. I think that we had a nice pickup sequentially from Q3 to Q4, but more work to do in that regard. And I think that the programs that we're executing along with these new product launches are going to put us in a really nice place as 2013 progresses.
David C. Dvorak: I don't. I don't think that there's anything that is noticeable in that regard or noteworthy in that regard. I think that we always see seasonality, and you're going to have some puts and takes across the globe. And for us, we look at that. And again, in the United States, saw a bit of a pickup; in the European markets, saw a bit of a slowdown as we got to the back half of the year, certainly into the fourth quarter within the European markets. So when it washes out, you end up with a market that is stable.
David C. Dvorak: Well, there was a bit of benefit from the acquisition of Dornoch's Transposal waste fluid management system, but the growth is much, much broader than that. So we did a nice job on the legacy products, Bob, within the surgical portfolio and just are beginning to see some of the benefits of power tools and the new product categories. And it's just -- it's a good area for us to focus on because we've been talking a lot about the new products, both through internal and external development. And the surgical line is an area where we've shored up our legacy products with internal innovation efforts but we've also added through external development, and that allows us to now penetrate markets that we didn't previously participate in. So I think that's going to be a big theme for us in 2013 as we add products into categories and markets in which -- and these are adjacencies, so these aren't out of our core wheelhouse here. These are within the markets that we serve and the relationships that we possess. As we add those new product categories, those are going to be top line growth accelerators, and that's exactly what you saw in Q4 within our surgical line.
David C. Dvorak: Well, those are -- it is the case that we're moving into full release of many of these products, Bob, and they're going to come at different paces, right. There are going to be instances like Gel-One where I have absolute confidence that in a reasonable time period, we're going to pick up nice market share with that product. All the initial feedback has been very, very positive, and we have to get all the distribution channel elements set up, so that includes the specialty pharma wholesale side. We've got the buy and bill side. We're pushing hard on that. But it's going to be a ramp-up because it is a new product category. When it comes to the implant systems, as you know, you're deploying instrument sets. That takes time. The surgeon training and education takes time. And so it will ramp up sequentially. And I think that the biggest thing that you have to recognize in Q1 is 2 less billing days in our largest market. That's several hundred basis points. So we're going to make progress in executing these launches. I think that you'll start to see that progress much more in Q2 and thereafter in 2013.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I think on the knee front, the Persona, The Personalized Knee System, is going to be the company's largest launch ever, and we put a lot of effort into the development of this system. It's a multigenerational product development effort. It will be rolled out in phases literally over multiple operating periods. And so 2013 is just the beginning. But within 2013, we expect this system to make a meaningful difference in our knee performance. And so we feel terrific about where we're headed within total knee arthroplasty, which is obviously our largest franchise. I would tell you that we feel very good about our pre-TKA offerings and our revision offerings as well, the latter leveraging Trabecular Metal, the former leveraging terrific clinical results with our Unicompartmental System and now adding Vitamin E as a bearing surface that is a superior technology, puts us in a great, great place. So there's going to be more to talk about with Persona in the coming quarters as we roll out the elements of that system. It's a very comprehensive system that, as I said, includes the implant designs that offer terrific fidelity and personalization options for the surgeon. We believe that it will be unmatched in the marketplace. And we're also augmenting that with advanced technologies through our intelligent instrumentation offering that will include iASSIST. So we're expecting big things from our knee franchise and are very confident that we're going to be able to deliver. On the hip side, we have a very solid line already. We have some great innovations and again, Vitamin E is something worth talking about there, intelligent instrument innovations on the way within that franchise and shoring up our Revision line as well. So I think that hips is going to be a good contributor for us as well. We're probably a little bit phased behind where we are in knees on the innovations with new things coming out. But with the Continuum Cup and our existing lineup of cups and stems and various bearing surfaces, we feel like we're in a great position to compete effectively in hips currently.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, China's performed very well. I think that it's one of the key markets that we're focused on within the emerging market set. We, some time ago, as you mentioned, did a relatively small acquisition there, but I think an intelligent acquisition for us to penetrate beyond the premium market segment there, premium -- and a little bit more of a value mid-market segment. That acquisition's gone well for us. That was the Beijing Montagne acquisition. It brought us some products. It brought us local capabilities on research and development manufacturing as well as a distribution channel that was set up focused on that market. All of those key emerging markets continue to grow double digits plus for us, and we expect to see that kind of continued progress in China and elsewhere.
David C. Dvorak: In direct answer to your question, I think that the last question you pose, Bruce, is -- the answer to that is, yes, I think that is the right place to start the year. And the comments that you started with, I think are the locker room comments that will go up in front of our sales force because it really is -- it's a sales execution game for us at this point in time. And it's a matter of not whether, but how fast we'll be able to ramp up and exploit the opportunities of these terrific new products that are getting launched across the globe and across all the product categories. We've never been in a better position. So the pace of that, whether it's one quarter or another quarter where you start to find some traction, you can never predict with absolute certainty. You can run into some extra training needs or resource shifts to be able to fully exploit those opportunities. And so of course, you're going to come into this year providing a range, but I'm really excited about where we're headed. We'll withstand the couple billing day loss of Q1, make good progress in the initial stages of these launches. And I think that thereafter, you're going to start to see progress on the large joint side and as well, we have some great opportunities in some of the other product categories as you referred to them.
David C. Dvorak: I'm not going to rule it out, Bruce, but we provide you with a broad guidance here, sitting on a cold winter day in January, because it's the first month of the year. So look, we're going to run the business, and our expectations obviously are all that and more. But we want to make sure that we're expense focused on the management side, and we're doing the right things to manage expectations with all of you.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. This is -- it is a product that we're going to do well with. Again, very confident to that. We're just getting rolling. Obviously, if a company had an HA product in that space and had the full channel build out, the penetration rate that you're going to get to in the early quarters is going to be a bit higher. Some of that infrastructure and distribution channel needs to get built out, and we're in the process of doing it. I think we're making great progress on it. So again, this is something where whether it's 1 quarter or 2 quarters or 3 quarters, we know we have a great opportunity. We're going to be methodical in our approach to it, be smart about showing that we're doing it the right way for the long term. But we've got some people that are very enthusiastic about it and we're going to get after it. I don't really want to get into breaking out one product category, Bruce, and providing specific millions of dollars guidance on that. But it's embedded within our 2.5% to 4.5% constant currency growth rate guidance for the full year.
David C. Dvorak: Good questions, and we will be in a position to provide you with more exposure to the Persona system at the Academy. So hope you're able to make it. The launch of the system is a global launch. But I would tell you that as is consistent with most of these launches within the industry, we're focused more so on the United States initially and then key o U.S. markets. So the big opportunities in year 1 are going to be more U.S. oriented. And I see it as being a system that provides us with opportunities beyond mix even out of the gate. As you said, those are harder because of the stickiness of the market share. But the benefits of the system are profound enough to where we believe we're going to have competitive opportunities even in year 1.
David C. Dvorak: Well, yes, Joanne, and we mentioned this in the prior quarter 2 calls. We've made adjustments. But that's the case. That's an ongoing management matter, and we're always looking to add talented people to the organization, whether it's at the rep management or senior leadership levels. We've done so over the course of 2012. We'll continue to do so in 2013. I think that we were specific in past quarters about some underperforming territories within the United States. We've made some changes there, starting to see the early signs of those benefits. And so the Q4 performance and the uptick, I think it was a bit, just a bit under 400 basis points, is part of the benefit of the actions that we've taken and the effort that we've made to shore up our execution on the commercial side within the United States. But we would expect to continue to make progress in that regard. And those efforts, combined with the new product launches, ought to put us in a very nice position as 2013 progresses.
David C. Dvorak: It would have been low-single digits in millions, Mike. So the contribution on the top line growth of any of those acquisitions is negligible.
David C. Dvorak: Both, that's right. And our performance relative to that market will improve sequentially as the year progresses.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, not a significant contribution in that regard either. Those are strategic acquisitions primarily in the o U.S. markets, Mike, where we have an interest in having a presence and making further investments. And so it's a structural adjustment consistent with what we want to do in those particular markets. But we don't have enough going on in that category at this point in time to spend much time talking about it. It just isn't significant.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, this is consistent with what we've been talking about is the scope of innovation that's going to allow one to be most successful, and the marketplace that we're serving in the future is going to have to broaden. So we need to innovate not only with respect to the implant design and the capabilities that, that provides the surgeons to provide a personalized solution to a patient, but preoperative planning, intraoperative technologies. And so the Persona system is much, much more comprehensive than sort of a traditional implant approach. And this will be coming out in waves but we'll begin to have a more specific discussion within 2013 about that to get after the questions that you posed.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that the net impact was positive. But we're not going to get into granularity by territory, Matt, as to try to measure that in dollars, and I don't know how anyone would do that either. You're talking about a large sales force and the connectivity and engagement of that large sales force. And obviously, if we're all aligned and we're providing the best products to that sales force to allow them to compete effectively in the marketplace, they're going to be more inspired and more effective, and I think that that's what we're beginning to see and we expect to see a lot more of it in 2013.
David C. Dvorak: No, it was. I mean, we're on the right track. You're always going to have -- in a ranking system, you're always going to have people that are performing better than others and look to move those mid-tier people or lower-tier people up or do something more radical, if necessary, to get them on the right track. So it was progress in Q4, and we expect to see more of it in 2013. But this is -- this isn't a discrete 3-month effort. This is just ongoing management of the business, Matt.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that part of where we had been in that franchise is, as you're already familiar with, is we emphasized in the past some of the non-fusion technologies and we had picked up through bigger acquisitions, including way back when, the Centerpulse acquisition, the non-fusion system of Dynesys, with the uncertainty as to how to get those products approved through the FDA at this point in time. And we turned back to where the vast majority of that market reside, and that's core fusion. So outer bodies, inner bodies, low-profile solutions within that space are much of what we're doing. You shouldn't expect us to do anything in the way of a large acquisition within that space. Rather, I think that with the fragmentation of that marketplace and the technologies that have been developed and what's happened within that marketplace over the last several operating periods, we think we'd be in a good position to very economically pick up some product lines or some licensing deals that would augment our internal development.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, the answer is, to the last question, is yes, we do. We think that these smaller, faster, cheaper intelligent instruments that enhance the reproducibility of these procedures and enhance placement alignment which is exactly what iASSIST is focused upon, are going to be difference makers. And I think that over time, these technologies are going to become not only accepted and penetrate the market in a meaningful way, but I think that they're going to become the standard of care. I don't think that ultraexpensive upfront capital equipment-oriented systems are going to become the standard of care because of the environment that we're operating in. So we've been working for several years now. What you're seeing with the launch of the iASSIST and applying that technology in the knee procedure context, we do expect to get an incremental charge out of that system. These are disposable pods that are used for each procedure. And I think that as far as the pricing goes, you can think about that in a similar way that you think about our PSI technology.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, this is one where, as you said, it did begin its formal rollout last quarter. We received FDA clearance. It was one of many clearances that came through in the fourth quarter across our various franchises. So we're excited to be at this stage. It will be featured at the Academy. There obviously is going to be a more intensive surgeon training and education effort built around the rollout of iASSIST. So you'll see it throughout 2013 and thereafter.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, typically, with these types of systems, we have all of the internal validations and labs, so sort of a bench testing the scientific data to support why this leads to the right placement and reproducibility and ideal alignment. And so that case can be made out presently. The long-term clinical benefits, obviously, will be a multiyear test, but we have the right studies set up to build that database out over time.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think that the first stage being the core primary system will be rolled out in, as I said, primarily, the U.S. market, but key o U.S. markets as well, it's just this is going to be every month rolling with various additions, augmenting the core system. And so we're talking about every month of 2013 and a handful of, literally, years thereafter that are part of this broader plan for us.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that there are mix benefit opportunities for us as we roll these systems out. If you focus on knees, for example, there are premium technologies that will be built into the Persona System. This is going to be, again, a very, very broad-based system. I think that for several operating periods to come, it's going to provide us with mix benefit. The range of that -- again, as we've said in the past, we think that on the high end, you probably are in a position to offset negative price in the current environment that we're operating in. That's a fair amount of mix obviously. If you don't have the launch of material new system in the large joint side, it's probably difficult to offset, through mix, the down price on the pure price side. But we ought to be in a good position to help ourselves on that front as this system launches more fully in 2013.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that the gap there, obviously, Europe slowed down. We have a big hip business in Europe. That's a business that performed very well for us throughout the year. But it was a slow market in Q4, and so we're going to take a big chunk of that with our market share there. The knee opportunity on a global basis is going to change materially in 2013 with the launch of the Persona System. So we're going to focus on execution. I don't think it's several hundred basis points gap. But there is a gap, and we're going to close that gap in 2013 and get on top.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Rick. We do see opportunities on the premium price side with the Persona rollout. Our experience to date has been positive, and we would look to continue to drive mix benefit as we were just discussing in response to the last question, Rick. We don't want to quantify that at this point in time and obviously, this is a broad system. And so the mix opportunities are going to be different depending upon what configuration and what market we're deploying instruments and selling the Persona System at this stage. On the capital redeployment, I think that we've been very disciplined about the deals that we've done. We're going to see a lot of value creation from these bolt-on transactions, particularly ones that have taken us into new markets just because there's no cannibalization from the revenues when we pick up those product categories or bolt-on acquisitions. And so they're going to be top line accelerators for us, leveraging the existing distribution channels, leveraging our existing relationships, and we think that that's a great value-creation model. We're starting to see it in a couple of the product categories already. The ExFix system that we picked up is one of the difference makers within our trauma portfolio. Power tools, blades, the waste fluid management system is going to be a difference maker for us on the surgical side. And we'll look to do that even on the large joint side where we can pick up the right kinds of technology. So I think that you should expect to see more of the same from us. Again, to the extent that our aggressive and disciplined hurdle rates were met, would we be interested in doing larger transactions relative to the ones that we've been doing for the last several years? Sure. But we're going to be disciplined about it to make sure that the capital that we deploy into such a transaction is going to be value creating for our shareholders. So with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on April 25, 2013. Now I'll turn the call back to you, Regina.
James T. Crines: Sure. We have also said, Derrick, all along that 2013 did not provide the same kind of opportunity for operating leverage as other years since, as you very well know, we are in a position in 2013 to have to absorb the medical device excise tax. We've done that, and I would reflect -- I would focus on the fact that the midpoint of that range is certainly well within the aspirational targets that we've discussed. And I'd also reflect on the fact that when you look at our guidance, and particularly when you look at the detailed guidance that I provided on the various operating expense line, in terms of what's implied in operating profit growth, we are still driving leverage in 2013 as a result of the progress that we're making on the transformational agenda and behind the anticipated growth we look to achieve with the launch of all these new products that David mentioned.
James T. Crines: Sure. So again, we anticipate our gross margin ratio will be between 74.5% and 75.5% for the full year. That -- I think that lines up very close to where we landed for the full year 2012. And among -- ahead of things that are going to be impacting on margin in 2013, we expect the positive trend in hedge gains and losses to continue throughout 2013. We also anticipate lower unit cost from a combination of higher volumes associated with new products, with the Persona launch being the key driver, as well as efficiencies gained and expect to continue to gain from improvements in our manufacturing processes. So just to give you some idea of the change, changes in hedge contract gains and losses alone using year-end exchange rates account for about a 50 to 60 basis point improvement in 2013 compared to 2012. And as you pointed out, offsetting the favorability in hedge gains and losses and the reductions in unit costs will be the anticipated 2% decline in average selling prices, and in the second half of the year, the $10 million to $15 million per quarter charge in cost of sales for the medical device excise tax.
James T. Crines: Well, again, I'd focus, Joanne, on the fact that we had 2 fewer billing days in Europe in the fourth quarter. So if you look at Europe for the full year, I would tell you that we had an outstanding year in what is admittedly a tough market. We -- if you look at our Asia Pacific results for the year and feel that we had a good year relative to the market. As you know, as we get into 2013, at least with respect to Asia Pacific, we'll anniversary out of the Japan price cuts beginning in the second quarter. So that should provide a bit of a tailwind with respect to that region. And we expect to continue to see positive results out of Europe relative to market. So the market may be affected by economic conditions there, but we would expect to continue to see good performance out of our team.
James T. Crines: I don't have a specific percentage. Clearly, there was -- it contributed to the growth that, particularly in that surgical and other products category that David mentioned, the waste management disposal devices contributing in a meaningful way in the quarter.
James T. Crines: Again, these are businesses that when they were acquired had perhaps somewhere in the order of $10 million of revenue, for example, in the case of Dornoch. So obviously more than that in 2013, but it's at the margin. It's going to be -- certainly going to be building that up over time, but not tens of millions in a single operating period from where...
James T. Crines: Well, first of all, as you said, the work we've completed to date validates our beginning assumption that we can create a lot of value through these programs, the focus of the organization on achieving what we're referring to as operational excellence. We're pretty far along, as you pointed out, but -- and we're on track to achieve the aspirational goal of $400 million of cost savings by 2016. More specifically, I can tell you, on a run-rate basis, when the savings from 2011 and 2012 and the 2012 initiatives are added to the anticipated 2013 savings, we expect the total run rate coming out of the end of the year of $210 million to $220 million. So I will say with respect to how it's impacting on EBIT margins in 2013, first of all, obviously we have to use those savings to absorb the medical device excise tax. But we're also using those savings to accelerate certain technology and product development programs, to cover short-term dilution from these recently completed acquisitions and to support the continuing build-out of our emerging market businesses and to fund expansion of our global sales channels. As you know, we're getting into, with some of these acquisitions, adjacent markets. David talked about some of the investments we're making in the sales channel to support the launch of the hyaluronic -- Gel-One hyaluronic acid product. So to the extent you might have expected more EBIT margin expansion, if you're not seeing it, it's because some of those savings are getting reinvested.
James T. Crines: Sure. So again, that is the case, Matt. Although I would tell you with this system, the approach is fundamentally different than from what it's been in the past. We have more streamlined way of kitting for surgeries for cases, and you'll be able to get a sense of that at the Academy meeting. We'll have an opportunity to demonstrate that a bit more clearly. Nonetheless, if you look at the cash flow statement for the fourth quarter, you would see that there was a fairly significant investment in instruments. Those are the instruments that are going to be getting deployed over the next couple of quarters in support of the launch of Persona and some of the other new products as well. That depreciation, when it begins to hit, will hit SG&A expense. But as it's hitting SG&A expense, the savings that we're driving out of the transformation initiatives are going to be hitting as well, and that is all reflected in the guidance that we provided.
James T. Crines: Well, we've said in response -- I've said in response to that question in the past that in this business, with our margins and particularly with the opportunity that we have to drive more significant leverage on those fixed costs, and the instrument depreciation is a good example of that. And we know that if we can -- to the extent we can get large joint reconstructive business growing up around mid single digits, the opportunity to drive leverage in EBIT is somewhere in the order of 40 to 50 basis points. So you're absolutely right. As we move into future periods with this particular system, we are going to have that opportunity.
James T. Crines: David, first of all, I would focus on the midpoint of the guidance and what's implied in terms of operating leverage for 2013, which we do expect to achieve in 2013 even in the face of having to offset the medical device excise tax. I would also just echo comments I made earlier in connection with where we are with respect to the restructuring and transformation programs, which together with our growth initiatives and our capital allocation strategies, is what gets us to feel very comfortable, very confident in our ability to deliver earnings per share growth in that 8% to 12% range over the long term. And as I pointed out earlier, we're in very good shape with respect to the progress we're making on those programs. We expect to end the year at a run rate of, as I said, somewhere between $210 million and $220 million in operating expense savings. Those savings, we'll be able to use, in direct response to your question about 2014, when we have to absorb another $20 million to $30 million of medical device excise tax. I pointed out earlier that in the short term, it is the case that some of those savings are getting reinvested. So a number of different areas where they're getting reinvested in the business. But as we get into future periods, as we get past some of the investments we're making in the short term in support of these, a number of significant new product launches, we'll have the opportunity to drive the kind of earning -- or the operating leverage that we need to, to deliver on that 8% to 12%.
