David Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. Zimmer's second quarter performance demonstrated continued progress against our strategic objectives and financial targets. Sales growth, together with disciplined management of the bottom line in capital deployment, enabled us to deliver value to our stockholders.  Before opening the call to your questions, I'd like to take just a moment to recognize the entire global Zimmer team as we celebrate our 10th year as a publicly traded company. In August 2001, Zimmer was spun off from our former parent company. At that time, the company generated revenues of approximately $1 billion, with about 35% of sales generated outside of the Americas. Over the past decade, Zimmer's revenue has grown 4-fold and now over 45% of our sales are generated in international markets.  While new product innovations and strategic acquisitions have contributed significantly to our emergence as a globally leader in musculoskeletal care, nothing has been more important or more appreciated than the hard work and dedication of our employees and our sales and distribution teams around the world. We want to thank our valued customers for the trust and confidence that they place in Zimmer technology every day to renew the lives of their patients. Building on a rich history, we're confident that the company is now more strongly positioned than ever to take advantage of the future opportunities for growth, offered by the exciting musculoskeletal care market.  And now I'd like to ask Sarah to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Thanks for the question, Joanne. I think that going into the year the view, and the view that we communicated consistently was that we anticipated that the first half of the year was going to be a more difficult half of the year for growth purposes, primarily based upon the prior year comps. And then we saw a slowing down that hit the United States market particularly hard in the second half of 2010. So as we progress into the second half of 2010, although the economic climate hasn't changed in any material fashion to the positive, we do think that the growth rates could pick up maybe 100 to 200 basis points, largely due to the easing comps in the second half. Of course, we've been talking about it for a long time. This market slowdown is not permanent, this is not a normalized procedure growth rate that we're experiencing due to the macro economic conditions. These patients are deferring above normal levels from a time perspective and they're going to come back into the fold at some point, but that broader recovery is going to be dependent upon the macro economic conditions improving, Joanne.
David Dvorak: Sure, David. I think that the most significant difference relative to expectations going to the year is the U.S. market. Procedure volumes are lower than what one might have thought. I do think that we're going to see an improvement in those volumes, at least on a comparison basis in the second half of the year. But to really get back to a normalized level, as I stated earlier in the call, we're going to have to see some stabilization or improvement in the economic conditions, including unemployment. So I think that the U.S. volume is probably the area that is most significantly different. I don't think that it's anything at all that's permanent within the market. I think that it is just an expression of the current economic conditions that we're living through.
David Dvorak: No. I think that they've been relatively consistent. Perhaps on a volume basis a bit better in the first quarter than parts of the second quarter, but I don't think you should read into that, that the second quarter's the beginning of a trend.
David Dvorak: Sure, Derrick. The work that we're doing since approval of the product is really production paced. So we weren't going to build quantities of inventory prior to that approval coming through. Seikagaku has immediately moved forward on production orders. And we're doing all the preparation work that we need to for a launch, looking at initiating that launch towards the end of this year. So while it won't have a significant impact in profitability or our revenue opportunities for 2011, we are excited about entering that space going forward. And I think that margin opportunity is consistent with our -- the rest of our orthobiologics businesses. So they're attractive margins, and this is a big new market that is a new category for us. So it's all offense once we launch that product and start generating the sales and we're excited about that opportunity.
David Dvorak: You should expect to see some improvement in the Americas' performance. And again, Mike, I do think that we start looking at the prior year comps in the second half of the year, and that really is the time period where the economic recession most impacted the U.S. business. Obviously, there's been a suppression of these procedure rates for the last couple of years, but we do think that a good number of people fell out of the insured pool as a consequence, no longer were able to access care in the second half of the year once the COBRA extension period ran out. So it had a profound effect on the second half of the year, most significantly our Q3 and the markets Q3 of 2010. So I think that you're going to see anywhere from 100 to 200 basis point step up in that market, if our projections are correct. Now all of this is premised upon, at least, an economic climate that doesn't worsen. And obviously, I think there will be an upside beyond that if it were to improve.
David Dvorak: Yes. Within our franchise. That's right. And I will tell you that part of that was timing because of success with tenders. But beyond that, we're doing a nice job of executing the sales of the NexGen Knee systems, as well as our other knee systems in that market. I think that that's a team that's really stabilized and gaining momentum in the marketplace, taking advantage of opportunities that they have within the marketplace. And I expect them to enhance their performance in the other product categories including hips going forward, Mike.
David Dvorak: It does contribute a bit just to it just because you have your initial mixed opportunities with your existing customer base. But I will tell you, we continue to be very optimistic about our prospects within the Hip category. We have a full portfolio at this point in time. We're doing well with these customizable solutions. We have differentiated technologies on both the stem and the cup side. So we expect to continue to outperform the market going forward.
David Dvorak: I'm not going to break that out, because it very much is normal course business in that market. That's how many jurisdictions operate, and that's the sales process, Bob. But I would tell you that we outperformed the market without the tenders or the unique tenders that were recorded in that quarter. So it's a good performance by our European team, irrespective of the tenders that we enjoyed in the quarter.
David Dvorak: We are comfortable. We have detailed plans as to some of the things that we want to do. And in instances, that means re-purposing some of those SG&A dollars. And so we have very active programs. We refer to those as the transformation initiatives. And that's allowing us to drop some of that money to the bottom line. Increasingly, we'll be able to do that as the procedure rates pick back up. But in the meantime, it's been a great funding mechanism to do things that we need to, to make investments in the sales channel on hand on the marketing side. So I think we're well positioned to be able to fund that and continue to improve the ratio notwithstanding those funding needs.
David Dvorak: Charlie, in the case of Trauma, we feel like we have at this point most of the major pieces that we need. There, of course, are always going to be other anatomical sites that we can better address or provide innovative solutions with respect to. But the big leg of the stool that we needed to address historically, had been say, over the last 5 years had been the intramedullary nail line. And Zimmer Natural Nail, with all the different anatomical sites antegrade, retrograde, cephalomedullary nail, tibial nail is fully launched at this point in time. And then as well, the differentiated NCB Periprosthetic plating system, those are products that are making a big difference for us. And we're doing a nice job of taking advantage of the unique anatomical features of the nail. But more broadly, it allows us to penetrate accounts that were difficult for us to penetrate, particularly the Level 1 and Level 2 Trauma centers. So we're going to continue on, we're concurrently investing more in research and development, at the same time that we're investing the strength in our distribution channel, and we think that we're going to be able to create a lot of value by doing so at this point in time. Now going forward, we'll continue to innovate internally, and to the extent that there are external development opportunities that would augment what we already have and be complementary or fill in some spots that we aren't as competitive currently, we go ahead and pursue those transactions at the same time. So we're really optimistic about what we have going on with our Trauma business and are very positive about what kind of growth we can generate in the future in our ability to take some market share and gain more and more critical mass through that process.
David Dvorak: Yes. And I think that in the case of the business like Trauma, it's most apt to be product line acquisition, technology acquisition, innovation. And the answer is, absolutely, we can do that without disrupting anything else that we need to achieve in the way of value creation.
David Dvorak: Sure, Charlie. We're very excited about the future beyond 2011 and the back half. I think that we're positioned in the company very well for that future. At some point in time, these procedure deferral rates are going to wash out, and these patients that have been putting off the procedures are going to come back into the fold. There's going to be a boost in the procedure rate. And it's going to very positively affect big markets like the United States market. And we're preparing for that day, let alone the demographic drivers with the Asian population in all jurisdictions around the world. And we believe are providing the most innovative portfolio with respect to personalization of these implants on the large joint reconstruction site. So acetabular cups, such as the Continuum, our stems on the Hips side, with M/L Taper and Kinectiv Technology being incorporated into other stems as well as our patient-specific instruments, are all examples of the personalized approach that we're taking to these implants and differentiated solutions with great political benefits. And then beyond that core aspect of our business, we're very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow in areas like the one we were just talking about, Trauma and our emerging businesses. You can see what we're doing in Trauma. You can see what we're doing in Dental. You can see what we've been doing in surgical for the last many quarters as well. The third prong of growth is really going to come from the emerging markets. And our OUS performance in this quarter is indicative of the kind of growth we think we can generate with intelligent investments to exploit those emerging market opportunities, coupled with good solid execution of our sales and marketing efforts in the developed markets, OUS. So again, large joint reconstruction with personalized solutions, leveraging our market share position and our brand in that space and then getting after the emerging businesses, as well as the emerging markets.
David Dvorak: Sure, Kristen. This is David. I think that you're correct, that it did improve in Asia-Pacific due to the anniversarying out of the Japan price cuts. And it did get marginally worse in the Americas, going from negative 1.3 in Q1 to negative 1.6 in 2Q. But that negative 1.6 is something that we've seen over the course of the 1.5 years. We had a negative 1.6 in Q3 of 2010. I think that the context that one really has to look at is pricing because again, on a global basis, we've been in a pretty tight band as a company, ranging, I don't know, maybe 700 basis points from negative 0.7 to negative 1.4 over the last 1.5 years or more. And for the last 4 quarters now, our global pricing has been either negative 1 or negative 0.9. So again, it's a tight band and relative to conversations that we had around this topic going back sometime when people were fearful that negative 1 was going to become negative 5 or 10, we're just not seeing that. We haven't seen it for a couple of years that we've been talking about it. So I think we're doing a nice job of managing these conditions. As Jim said, we don't think that the pressure in the U.S. is a forever thing. And we do think it'll moderate as we -- if the price compression plays out and we work our way back to a less distributed curve with respect to pricing and our regression back to the mean. But over the last many quarters now, we've been in a pretty tight band on a global basis with respect to pricing.
David Dvorak: Sure. The European number was positive 1.2 in the first quarter and positive 0.6 in the second quarter.
David Dvorak: Well, we've done some forward acquisitions with distributors outside the United States markets. And that's been consistent with our strategic plan. We've executed those transactions well. And the transitions have gone well from an integration standpoint also, so it's very much market-dependent. There are instances where we use independent distributors, and we're moving towards such as those OUS markets going direct through the acquisitions. There are other instances where we have hybrid models. And it's very situation-dependent in our case. With respect to the compensation, I think that the adjustments that we've made over the last couple of operating periods is to drive those commission rates to be more performance-based. And I think that that's a path that we'll continue to go down or sustain.
David Dvorak: We really haven't seen that dynamic. It's been just an assortment of circumstances and the volume of the account, the service levels within those accounts. It's varied from private practice groups to surgeons that are employed by the hospital systems, the larger networks. So it's been business as usual, and just a lot of focus on that topic, obviously, on both sides of the table.
David Dvorak: I think the point that you make made, Raj, is the right one. It's just there is opportunity on those launches, but it's in the headwind of a more significant procedural slow down on a year-over-year basis. And so that's the challenge, and it's not going to be a forever thing. And we really believe that even in the second half of the year, we're going to start anniversarying out of the slowdown. That doesn't mean that the procedure rates will become normalized, but I think that the growth opportunity of the customized solutions -- or customizable solutions is just a bit massed the overarching economic conditions that are driving the procedure rates.
David Dvorak: Yes. I think that the analysis that we've done is you have the extension of COBRA that ran out in the May 2010 time period. And at that point in time due to the employment rates, you can do the math and end up extracting some 5 million patients from the potential pool. The enrollment rates within the private insurance world declined, and you can track those statistics as well. And so we see that biting in a more significant way in the second half of last year. So -- and you're going to get some dynamics in the fourth quarter always, because of the end of the year and the decision to move forward procedures, the extent people have met their deductibles for the year, et cetera. But we do think that there's going to be a positive impact. And it maybe more profound in Q3 than in Q4, but we think that the second half will show improvement.
David Dvorak: I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our third quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on October 27, 2011. With that, I'll turn the call back to you Sarah.
James Crines: Sure, Joanne. This is Jim. From a capital deployment point of view, first we'd indicate that we intend to return up to 2/3 of our net income to stockholders on an annual basis through share repurchase programs. Secondly, when the right opportunity arises, we are also interested in acquisitions that fit with our focus on musculoskeletal health and have the potential to create value for our stockholders. We continue to apply rigorous discipline in our valuation of potential opportunities. Among other considerations, we'll examine accretion dilution in earnings and return on invested capital, with an expectation that transactions should be accretive in a reasonable period of time on both dimensions when compared with alternative uses of capital. The internal hurdle rates that we're applying can admittedly be tough to overcome, especially for larger-sized transaction. So our recently completed acquisitions, the Montagne Medical and the SoPlus line of power surgical equipment, make -- are good examples of the types of deals that both meet our criteria and align well with our focus on musculoskeletal health.
James Crines: That is in part, David, the way to look at it. The savings reflected in our second quarter results from those programs were in line with our guidance of $40 million to $50 million to be realized in 2011. And while we're not yet at a run rate that will get us to $100 million in annualized savings, we still expect to hit that target by the end of the year. There is yet another issue impacting on ratios, though, that may not be as evidenced. We're seeing strong results out of our international markets, and the emerging international markets tend to have higher operating expense ratios. So the change in the mix of our revenues in the quarter put some pressure in our SG&A ratio compared with the second quarter of the prior year. That's something to keep in mind as well that wouldn't be quite as evident. Beyond 2011, while we've not provided target, we have indicated an expectation that SG&A as a percentage of revenue, should continue to trend down. The opportunity for leverage from revenue growth alone, assuming revenues can eventually get back to, and the market can eventually get back to, at least somewhere around mid-single-digit growth in procedures, is very meaningful for us. And then the efficiencies gained from the restructuring and transformation initiatives will provide an additional opportunity for improvement.
James Crines: Yes, Derrick, this is Jim. First of all, with respect to Japan, our results for the second quarter were stronger than we anticipated. That market has bounced back in a pretty impressive way, relative to our expectations that we outlined in the prior call. And I would tell you that with respect to the full year guidance, we're still cautious as we project out for the balance of the year. And we understand that hospitals will continue to experience, particularly through the very hot summer months there, rolling blackouts. And that may have some impact on procedure volumes, particularly over the course of the summer months. So we're still somewhat cautious, I would say more optimistic than we outlined on the last call, but still a somewhat cautious view with respect to the balance of the year. As far as the pricing goes, as you pointed out, we anniversaried out of the step-down in pricing that went into effect in April of 2010. So you'll see when we file our Q and the detail that we provide, average selling prices were down a little over 3% in the first quarter. They'll be down still in the second quarter, but down under 1%. So that's in part what has led us to tighten the outlook on pricing for the full year, where we were saying coming into the year it would be at minus 1 to minus 2. We're now, obviously, forecasting an expectation that we'll be at minus 1% for the full year.
James Crines: Again, we have updated the guidance, as you pointed out. Now we're expecting SG&A to be at around 41% for the full year. And I would acknowledge that, yes, your math is correct.
James Crines: As you pointed out, Bob -- this is Jim -- we were able to accelerate share repurchases in the first half relative to our guidance for the full year, which contemplates $500 million in total share repurchases for the year. But that guidance remains unchanged at this stage. As you know, and as we've disclosed in our periodic filings, approximately 3/4 of our cash and short-term investments are held in jurisdictions outside the U.S. and as we indicate, are expected to be indefinitely reinvested for use in our foreign operations. We certainly, as I pointed out, are interested in continuing to look for opportunities to grow our emerging businesses and opportunities to grow in emerging markets. I think we're seeing some of the benefit of those investments we've already made in both the emerging businesses and emerging markets. But again, we -- as opportunities, you can't predict when they'll hit, but we are active, and we'll continue to be active in looking for those opportunities.
James Crines: Sure. And again, as we pointed out -- we went through this last year as well. The increase in the ratio in the third quarter, really is a function of seasonality. We had significant market share in markets -- particularly in markets outside the U.S. where there are extended -- surgeons, patients taking extended holidays and so there's very significant slowdown in surgical procedures over the course of the summer holidays. And we have a certain amount of our SG&A expenses that, as you understand, are fixed. And so we end up with a higher ratio. It's not really a function of increasing the level of discrete spending in the third quarter relative to the first half of the year. Now with regard to the emerging markets, it's really, in our case, a function of just the stage of their development. We're early, if you will, in investing and to build out the principally direct sales channels in those markets. And I think it's given -- again, the stage of their development that leads us to have higher selling, higher operating expenses in the near term. Over time we're going to be able to bring those operating expenses down as we achieve more critical mass in those markets, if we continue to see growth in revenues at the level we're currently seeing, and in some cases, continue to take market share.
James Crines: Sure, Matt. This is Jim. I think we have said in the past how the compression of average selling prices, particularly in the U.S. market, would continue to play out over the course of this year, protect at some level, even carry over into next year, although were not going to be providing guidance on pricing for next year at this stage. But at some point, it would -- we'd expect it would begin to moderate to the extent that it is just what we described. It's accounts that find their high end of the price curve relative to our mean average selling prices are requesting or demanding an adjustment. We're working through that. We continue to work through that. I think it is -- I think we're comfortable still, with the statements we've made in the past in this regard. And particularly, when you look at the trends, on a global basis, over the past several quarters, if you go back for example to the third quarter of last year, average selling prices for Hips and Knees were down between 2% and 2.5%. That's a step down a little bit in the fourth quarter, step down again. In terms of erosion not being as severe, so it's right around 2% in the fourth quarter. It was under 2% in the first quarter, at least in Knees, and right now 2% in Hips. And here we are in the second quarter, and it's under 2% for both Knees and Hips. So we would and that's how this is being managed. We would expect that as we begin to anniversary out of some of those big adjustments, particularly in some of the larger accounts in the U.S., that the price pressure that we've been experiencing would moderate.
James Crines: Sure. So as we pointed out, the growth rate that we're reporting this quarter and last quarter as well includes the benefits of having changed the distribution arrangement with respect to Puros and CopiOs regenerative product. That's accounting for about 7 points of the 15.5% growth that we're reporting. So you take that out, and you get a sense of what's happening with the balance of the portfolio, including implants.
James Crines: Larry, this is Jim. We do actually -- I think the headwind related to the hedge loss is probably a little bit higher even than the 90 basis points, just given what we saw over the course of the last quarter and the relative weakness in the U.S. dollar going now into the second half of the year. And then we would -- and again, we're only talking about hedges, we're not providing guidance on gross margin for 2012. There are a lot of other things that can factor on gross margin, but we would expect those hedge losses to moderate as we get into 2012.
James Crines: Sure. But I think if you look at where we are at this stage in the first half of the year, estimates are coming in at around minus 1% for the knee market globally, down a little more in the U.S. than outside the U.S. We -- as we indicated, if nothing else as a result of easing comps, we'd expect to see the market growth rate improve anywhere from 100 to 200 basis points in the second half of the year.
James Crines: I think we talked about this a little bit in the past, before entering into the transaction with Seikagaku, we canvassed our surgeons, getting an understanding of whether or not they prescribed HA and found that, in fact most, if not many of them do, and our partners who are more focused on sports medicine do as well. So this represents a really exciting opportunity for us. And it's going to impact our results and the opportunities we have to further build out our relationship with our current customer base and hopefully some new customers as well in a very meaningful way.
James Crines: And a comment, Raj. It's really directs our expectations with respect to market growth for the second half. And if the market's up, we would expect to benefit from that.
James Crines: Sure. Rick, this is Jim. As you rightly pointed out, we we're coming out into the year talking about an expectation that it could work its way up towards the higher end of the range over the course of the year. I would tell you at this point, particularly given the sort of the pressure we've talked about that we're seeing on SG&A and part of a function of different mix of revenues, that spending is -- it's certainly going to keep pace -- the increase in spending in R&D is certainly going to keep pace with growth and revenue. But at this stage, I would tell you likely now for the full year to be in a range of 5% to 5.5%, as opposed to 5% to 6% for the full year.
