David Dvorak: Thank you, Jim. Our performance in the second quarter and year-to-date has been in line with our expectations coming into 2010, reflected by top line constant-currency growth across all three of our geographic segments. We continue to progress on operational improvements as reflected in our higher gross margin and lower SG&A ratios compared with our first quarter results. This allowed us to accelerate R&D spending and still deliver solid earnings and strong cash flow.  As the year progresses, further penetration of recently-launched products will complement our established key product lines. We're encouraged by early adoption rates and clinical feedback for our new Acetabular Cup offerings, patient-specific instruments and Natural Nail line. Further, we're confident that the actions we're taking will accelerate our short-term performance and build upon the foundation for our longer-term strategic plans.  And now I'd like to ask Regina to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: What we're seeing, Adam, is consistency in those markets. And as we said before, when you concentrate on the five major markets there, they are flat. Some of them are a couple of points down. Some of them are maybe a couple of points up, but they wash up to be in relatively flat within that space. That isn't as descriptive of the other markets, the more developing markets where there is more attractive growth presently. So we do think that this is a continued trend. It's a relatively stabilized trend over the last several quarters. And as you can see, we produced positive results in that context. So I think that our performance is improving in Europe at this point in time. I think that the market is relatively stable, and we still firmly believe that the long-term growth prospects of those developed markets, the larger ones, would improve over time with greater economic stability.
David Dvorak: We didn't see much change in the way of pricing pressure, David. But clearly, there was a stepdown in both Hips and Knees in the reported second quarter numbers. I think that there could be some billing day impacts across of the other companies within the industry that contributed to that, that may have led people to believe that the first quarter market numbers were a bit higher than they actually were. And from my perspective, I think they really want to look at the first half of the year as opposed to isolating the second quarter on a stand-alone basis. A little bit more profound of a stepdown on the U.S. side in Knees. And I think that there was a bit of a procedural stepdown. I will tell you that very anecdotally, we saw a bit more of that in the earlier interventions. So the new knees [ph] and Cruciate Retaining knees as opposed to the posterior stabilized knees. So that might be indicative of people in that younger category deferring the procedures at this point in year or making some decisions as impacted by the health of the economy in general, but very anecdotal at this point in time. And I wouldn't read too much into that one quarter result.
David Dvorak: Consistent with what you just described, Bruce, I think that there's -- there looked like a little bit of an OUS step-up in Hips, and a little bit of a step-down in Knees and they largely wash one other out. I mean, that's logical in the sense of as everyone has described, in the industry, there was a more significant price cut in Japan applicable to Knees than there was to Hips. That so that can be part of the explanation for that.
David Dvorak: Bruce, the dynamic you've described are all in play. And I think that there are different elements that would apply to a greater or lesser extent to the different companies, depending upon their market positions. As it applies to us, obviously, the reimbursement issues are much more profound with respect to our U.S. Dynesys business at this point in time. And so that's where we're seeing the most pressure. In the general market, where we're seeing some of what you described, but I don't know that I would describe that as being profoundly impacting our results as opposed to what's happening with Dynesys there. And then when it comes to pricing, we're not seeing as much pressure as some of the others are discussing. But again, I think that, that's probably consistent with our market position. And again, all of those comments need to be interpreted and read in the context of a company with far less market share than some of the others that you're talking to.
David Dvorak: Good question because it's so important, as Jim described, the expectations for the second half of the year performance, Mike. And I would tell you that I believe that we're just entering the traction period with respect to the rollout of the Acetabular Cups. We're six months into it, so they are not set. They're deployed in the key markets, at least, at this point in time to where we're starting to see traction. We actually saw 0.5 of improvement in our Hip performance in the second quarter. So we're just entering the period, and you have great visibility and a lot of contextual understanding for what these rollouts look like and the time horizons. You kind of look at these things and say for six months, you shouldn't expect much. After six months, you should start to expect something. And you're really in that traction point, I would say, from six to 18 or 24 months of rolling these things out. So we're just entering the period where we should start to see traction and pickup.
David Dvorak: We do think that we're going to make progress on the Hip side in the second half of the year. I will tell you that I think that more of that progress on the Hip side is going to come from the Americas and Asia-Pacific geographic market initially just because of some of the environmental circumstances affecting the European market. And it's also important to note that you lose a billing day in Europe in the third quarter. So subject to those comments, yes, Bob, we'll see a pickup in our Hip growth.
David Dvorak: We do, and I will tell you that in that circumstance in particular, the opportunities geographically are a little bit flipped. I think that there's a bit more momentum and opportunity to improve in Europe in Q3 than some of the other geographic segments. And then I think as we get into the fourth quarter, we're going to see more significant ramp-up due to the deployment of those new instruments in markets that would include the United States. So that's the pattern. The deployments, as it apply to Hips, are not at the same stage sitting here today as they are on the Acetabular Cups for hips. So I think our Knee instrument-driven growth is going to be a little bit more back-end loaded in the year than Hips.
David Dvorak: Well, I think that, that is the right way to think about the market, Joanne, in the current context. We exited the year right at that point, say 5% in the fourth quarter. The full year 2009 looked like it was a point lower than that. And so now if you look at the first half of this year on the large joint side, again, it looks dead in the middle of that range. So mid single digits, right at 5-ish%. But I think the thing that is important to remember is you have some big markets that are suppressing that number, primarily those developed markets in Europe at this point in time and significant price pressure as it applies to Japan, in particular, at this point in time. And so these procedures are getting deferred in Europe and the developed markets to be sure, and those are going to come back at some point in time. And so you will see some procedural uptick from that dead middle single digits. Furthermore, I think that we continue to believe that there is mixed opportunity on top of that procedural growth. And we think that, that mixed opportunity, as we've discussed in the past, if you want to put numbers to it is, is in a range of say 1% to 3%. So right now, we would suspect that in general, those mixed opportunities are washing out the downward price pressure, pure price pressure. And so if the economy stabilizes and improves in the long run, you build up from that mid single digits something above that number and potentially high single digits again.
David Dvorak: This is one of the important markets, clearly, going forward. It's a market that as expected, if its round number is $1 billion today that within the next three years, it's going to be $2 billion in size. There's a significant Hip and Knee business already developed there, and we have a significant Hip and Knee business in the context of that market already. So this acquisition, when and if consummated, would add to our product offering. It would add to our local research and development capabilities as well as manufacturing and greatly broaden our distribution channel. So we have specific plans, I will tell you, for each of the important emerging markets globally. We think it's going to be an area that will drive future growth, and so this is just a step in executing a rather comprehensive plan to make sure that we're in leadership positions in the key markets that are going to drive a lot of growth in the future.
David Dvorak: It's a relatively low penetration rate within the industry at this point in time. But I think that it's the beginning of a broader trend. I think that the technologies will advance. I think that these technologies will merge into other areas that have been worked on in the past and including navigation broadly. So I think that in the intermediate and longer term, the penetration rates could get quite high. But it's really a first-generation offering within the industry that we're talking about now with these custom cut guides or pin guides.
David Dvorak: We expect the deal, first of all, to close either the fourth quarter this year or the earlier part of next year. And obviously, this is part of a broader strategy on our part. So in the go-forward periods, we would expect to enjoy a significant portion of that growth within the large market. We think that the deal really accelerate some of the things that we'd like to do within that market. But again, we have a great group in China presently with a significant market position in both Knees and Hips, and we're growing that business currently at very attractive rates. So this is just an accelerator for us that's consistent with part of our broader strategy within that marketplace.
David Dvorak: We have, I think, done a good job of extending the product portfolio, particularly in the core fusion market. So that is going to help us stabilize the business, Rich, in the intermediate term within the United States market. o U.S., we have a really nice offering in the current bag because some of the non-fusion products are marketed presently there, and we're already seeing an uptick in growth in o U.S. So I think that as we get into the second half of this year, we're going to see relatively attractive growth rates coming from our Spine business outside the United States. And then by the time we exit this year, we would expect to see a more stabilized U.S. business, and then we'll continue through our internal development to fill in some of the existing product gaps. But I will tell you, they're far less profound than they were a couple of years ago prior to the Abbott Spine acquisition.
David Dvorak: Sure, Rich. It doesn't at all. We have the industry-leading in growth technology with Trabecular Metal, and that's really the premise of the Continuum System. But there are integrated taper systems that are designed for the o U.S. markets that are part of this broader Acetabular launch. And the bearing surfaces that we have to offer are clinically proven, first rate, bearing surfaces both polyethylene and ceramic, ceramic o U.S. at this point in time. So we have a very low market share of the metal-on-metal offering. And yet these alternative bearing surfaces that are clinically proven, very well received in the marketplace, and these new Acetabular Cups will just allow us to leverage our polyethylene technology as well as our metal-on-metal technology, as well as the delta BIOLOX does on this thing [ph] on ceramic side. So anything that a surgeon or patient could be looking for, we believe we can offer with these integrated taper systems that are coming out right now in the form of Continuum and the others.
David Dvorak: The price performance within the Americas division is dead on in the second quarter where it was in the first quarter. And so the incremental two-point decline in price within Asia-Pacific is driven by the cost that you just articulated, Doug.
David Dvorak: We don't think that it's likely to end up at the lowest end of the range or below that level of the range. If there was a double dip in the economic recession and we found no traction for the new product launches and whatever else you want to put on that list, I suppose that could drive that type of performance. But that's not what any of us is believing will occur and certainly not what we're striving to do in the way of our business performance at this point in time. I think that the premise to that decision really is the one that Jim articulated earlier, and that is we're at the point in time where we're ramping up these new product launches. That traction cannot be predicted with absolute certainty down to the week or even the month. As to when you're going to start seeing progress, we have absolute confidence that we're going to see progress because of the clinical feedback that we're getting on these new product launches. So depending upon the pace of that ramp-up, you're going to end up somewhere within that top line guidance range for the year. And I think that's one of the most significant drivers, obviously, in addition to what happens externally with respect to the broader market.
David Dvorak: I think it's consistent with what we expected to have occurred. We did make some progress, and it's a fairly long time in the coming from our perspective. We're working hard. We think that we have a great portfolio at this point in time. We said all along that as we got these new Acetabular Cups out, coupled with our already very strong portfolio of stems,, we should be able to make good progress within the marketplace. I think we're just beginning to see that at this point in time. So it's relatively consistent with what we anticipated coming into the year, Doug.
David Dvorak: Sure. I'll take those questions, Matt. I think on the Dental side, it's just fundamentals coming together. With respect to the performance, we've got a nice cadence, a new product flow. We have a really good leadership team in place that understands that business and is making great progress and strengthening the depth of knowledge throughout all levels within that division. They're very focused on growing their business. They see a great opportunity in that market as we do, notwithstanding what's transpired over the last couple of years. And so it's a stabilizing market at this point in time. I wouldn't describe our performance as probably being market-level performance. I would suspect that our growth rate is above market growth rate. I would suspect that, that market growth rate is probably flat to slightly positive, a couple three points of growth that we'll see as the much larger players report out what their results look like and gain greater visibility to that. And again, the fundamentals, we've got a good leadership team, a good product cadence, a focused sales force and they're executing quite well coming out of a difficult time period. So we're really optimistic about what we're going to be able to do with that business going forward. Spine, we're a click or two behind in those categories. But working in the right direction to be able to talk to you about our Spine performance in the same way that we sit here and talk here about the Dental performance in due time, making good progress on ramping up sales. o U.S., we think that we're sorting out the right priorities for our internal development product pipeline, and we've got a lot of good talent in the distribution network. It is not kind of largely integrated in any significant way, Matt, with our Reconstructive distribution channel. So it's quite dependent of that focus on Spine. And I think we have some good people there, and we need to get them a good opportunity with a full product bag to go out and compete. And so that's what we're working on, and I would expect to see our performance o U.S. improve within that Spine market in the second half of the year and then begin to stabilize at the end of the year within the United States market, and head into 2011 with good prospects to see some growth come out of the Spine division.
David Dvorak: This step that we announced today is really driven towards better positioning us to compete effectively in that market. Again, we picked up some great capabilities on the product development side, a broader distributor channel, a broader portfolio of products that are designed for that specific market at this point in time. And that's really the principal driver for that transaction. A collateral benefit to be sure will be enhancing our capabilities on the manufacturing side within that jurisdiction, and that is one that I would think of as more an intermediate or longer-term objective and strategic rationale for the deal. So the principal driver is to position us to compete effectively within China itself. Thank you all again for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our third quarter conference call at 8 a.m. on October 28, 2010. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Regina.
James Crines: Sure. With the FX, basically, the gains that were recognized in hedge contracts contribute to about half of the improvement in margin quarter-over-quarter and the balance of that improvement really comes from the improvements that we've seen in operating efficiency. So in the first half of this year, our manufacturing facilities were operating at or near optimal levels of capacity utilization, in contrast to what we were talking about in the back half of last year. So this has allowed us to put lower cost inventories to the shelf in the first half. And in addition, our efforts to reduce core inventories as we build out the pipeline of new product inventory has resulted in lower obsolescence charges. Currency, as we look at the balance of the year, currencies has a relatively modest to the positive impact. It's really these other factors that are the principal drivers to the anticipated improvement.
James Crines: So I'll tell you what, there are a number of factors that impact our gross margin including product mix, currency, inventory obsolescence, capacity utilization, just to name a few. So that's something we'll certainly have a more studied view on as we close out 2010 and be prepared to discuss that on our fourth quarter call.
James Crines: I think if you go back, Mike, over the last several years, you would see that, that's pretty consistent with the seasonal patterns that we've reported in the past because those costs are largely fixed over the short run with some limited exceptions to where we have sales organizations that are fully commissioned. The SG&A expenses did not drop at the same rate as our sales tend to kind of decline relative to the first quarter as procedure volumes slow down as surgeons take vacations over those summer months, so really is a function of seasonality. And what we're projecting is very consistent with what we've reported in the past.
James Crines: Mike, as we said before, we come in to the year with a range. We feel very comfortable operating within that range. And as far as the bottom line goes, it's very dependent clearly on what happens on the top line. We're in an operating period where we see significant opportunities around these new product launches. The timing, the ramp-up, all of that is obviously not all that predictable. So that sort of lead us to the range that we've provided. As we indicated or I indicated in my prepared remarks, that ramp-up really just begins to take effect in the second half of this year. So we feel still appropriate to maintain the range that we're operating with and came out with from the beginning of the year.
James Crines: I did not provide a specific number or guidance on third quarter revenues, Bob, other than to provide some color around what the effect of the change in our currency outlook is going to be in the third quarter, where we indicated that we expect that to be at minus 2% in the third quarter and minus 5% in the fourth quarter. But beyond that, we have not provided specific revenue guidance for Q3.
James Crines: Yes, I'll respond to that. It's a very good question. I indicated in my prepared remarks our SG&A expenses for the quarter were 100 basis points below prior year. So clearly, we showed some progress in the quarter. And this is in an operating period where, as you know, we are investing to support of significant new product launches. So we are making progress. But from this point, a stronger dollar relative to prior operating period does create a headwind for the SG&A ratio because a significant portion of our expenses are dollar-based. So as for the outlook for SG&A, longer term, we obviously have more work to do as we acknowledge on the first quarter. We don't consider 42% to be a structural norm. We're not happy with those expenses being at that level, and our plans over the long term are to bring that down through a combination of business process, reengineering and through leveraging our fixed costs as our top line grows.
James Crines: There were not, Raj. So with this provision, we've done a couple of things. We've expanded the definition of what we were calling certain claims to include all revisions worldwide related to surgeries that predated the suspension in 2008. So we broadened the definition of certain claims, and that therefore, picks up what was otherwise running through SG&A expenses on a quarterly basis.
James Crines: None of those claims as they relate to revisions for surgeries that occur prior to the suspension. But we'll still run through SG&A expenses as any revisions associated with surgeries post the suspension and after the product was re-launched into the market. But I would tell you, as you well know that, that market has shrunk and for us, sales of the Durom product are very modest relative to our total Hip business.
James Crines: So that certainly one of the things that's leading to us having to increase the provision. Now we started out in the beginning with a very limited data set. These estimates are based on claims at the time that they were made, on claims that have been received at that particular point in time up to that point in time. So we obviously have, at this point, a much richer sort of data set. We're looking at two years worth of claims that have been made, and that gives us a lot of confidence that at this point, we feel we have an estimate that will cover, as I said, all revisions that predate the suspension.
James Crines: Derrick, this is Jim. We did see what I would describe as a modest step-down on procedure growth on the Knee side. And when you look at our recon results in the aggregate, we certainly did see and experience an improvement in our results on the Hip side and some of that is mix-related as we launched the new Continuum Cup System.
James Crines: It would be the same new products that have driven some mix benefit within that Knee franchise over the past several quarters. So Trabecular Metal tibial trays, Highly Crosslinked Polyethylene liners, Prolong liners for the Knee system, those are just a couple of the products that continue to drive some positive mix benefit for us in Knees.
James Crines: Sure. As David indicated, we would define as the musculoskeletal market in China right now sort of we see it around $1 billion. About a third of that is Hips and Knees. And there's a fairly sizable Trauma market in China, actually larger than the Hip and Knee market right now. And then Spine would principally make up the balance to that $1 billion. That's a market that, as David said, we think will more than double in size over the next three years. So you're looking at very significant growth rates. And this is a market were the government has committed to invest somewhere in the order of $125 billion in providing better access to care, and that better access to care will drive, we think, more significant growth in elective hip and knee procedures.
James Crines: That is exactly the right way to think about it, and that is precisely the reason for the slight sort of negative increase in Hip and Knee pricing between the second and first quarter.
James Crines: Sure. So as I indicated for the second quarter, FX ended about 70 basis points. I would tell you, as we look at the back half of the year, the FX contribution is positive, but it's much more modest than that. So the real driver is the improvements in operating efficiency, and the fact that we're at or above our planned capacity utilization in the first half of the year. So as I said, we've been able to put lower costs inventory to the shelf over the first half of the year. So we have very good visibility to what this is going to look like in the second half of the year. And the other thing, as I also indicated is, that the better job that our operations people are doing, working together with our people on the field on managing inventory. So we've been able to bring inventory days down and bring them down even more profoundly than is reflected in our numbers because as we bring down the core inventory sets in the field, that's being offset by the investments we're making in the pipeline. We're seeing much lower excess in obsolescence charges run through cost of goods. So another thing that we have, I think good visibility too, and that's really what's leading to the improvement.
James Crines: Sure, Matt. And I just went through this with Doug and you may have dropped off there for a minute and missed it, but I'll just go quickly. The currency, while it's positive in the back half of the year, is much more modest than that 70 basis points that we picked up in the second quarter. So what's really driving the improvement is the improved utilization across our manufacturing network in the first half of the year. So we've been putting lower cost inventory to the shelf over the first half of the year. We have good visibility as to what that looks like and what impact that's going to have on margin in the second half. And the other thing is lower excess and obsolescence charges running through cost of goods as we do a better job of managing our field-based inventory deployment.
James Crines: Sure. First of all, as we indicated or I indicated in my prepared remarks, Steve, inventory days on hand, which is how we measure sort of inventories, and we calculate that using a quarterly cost of goods so that it's somewhat sensitive to quarter-to-quarter changes in cost of goods. It came in 57 days below where we were in the second quarter of last year. At $886 million, the total investment in inventory dollars is down $10 million from the first quarter of this year, and that's in spite of significant pipeline build-out for the new product launches. So I would tell you that if anything, we're kind of ahead of where we would have expected to be at this point the year in terms of making progress on better managing our field inventory deployments. And it's one of the things, as I indicated, that's contributing to our stronger outlook for gross margin in the back half of the year. I would tell you, as far as the balance of the year, we typically see an increase in inventory days in the third quarter because of the slowdown in procedure volumes. And as we continue to build inventory through the summer months in advance of what ends up being a busier surgery schedule, busier schedule for surgeries in the fourth quarter, we would expect to see a bit of an increase on days on-hand in the third quarter and then have it come back down in the fourth quarter.
