David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. Our achievements during the first quarter have built on the foundations we've laid for improved supply chain throughput and enhanced manufacturing systems. These efforts, along with the contributions from our expanded global spine business, are positioning Zimmer Biomet to deliver stronger, broad-based sales acceleration in the second half of the year. We remain confident in the promising opportunities within the global musculoskeletal market. As we look to the balance of 2017, we'll remain focused on driving sustainable growth through innovation at every level of our global business, guided by our long-standing framework for value creation. And now I'd like to ask Mariah to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob. Well, as we explained in the last call, we have been working through the integration process to harmonize and optimize our quality and manufacturing systems as part of the integration. Those efforts as it relates to the Warsaw North Campus were greatly accelerated as a consequence of both internal audit findings as well as the FDA's inspection that concluded in the fourth quarter of last year. So we had a pretty fluid situation in the fourth quarter leading into the beginning of this year. We've made accelerated changes to those operations. And obviously, in addition to implementing operational improvements at the facility as part of these regulatory compliance enhancement efforts, we were focused on ensuring that the production was coming back up to satisfy, in a prioritized way, existing customer demand and then working towards replenishing safety stocks that would allow us to go back on offense. Because some of these key brands that come out of that facility provide us with some of our best competitive opportunities, so they're a very important set of brands and strategically relevant to the acceleration of the top line. And so it really is a matter that is focused on that facility. And as we got into the beginning of the year and production began to accelerate back up, it just took us longer to ramp that production back up. You can understand why we'd be operating with an abundance of caution, most importantly, with the interest of the patients that are served by these products in mind. These are high-quality products. We want to make sure that we're putting them out without any compromise, and so the monitoring processes are very sensitive. The implementation of these processes, as I said, this was done on a very accelerated basis for obvious reasons, and it just took us longer to ramp up that production in the first quarter than we originally anticipated. As we exited the quarter and in most recent weeks, those production levels have been brought up to a point where we're going to be able to begin to more fully satisfy existing customers and, as the second quarter progresses, work towards replenishing those safety stocks. So in the summer months, we expect, in particular, to make a lot of progress on that front and to put ourselves in a position then to not only fully satisfy existing customer demand but then go back on offense.
David Dvorak: No, I wouldn't say that it's completely behind us, but I think we have better visibility, Bob, on the matter than we did 3 months ago. As I said, the output has risen to levels that allow us to work down the back orders. As those back orders are brought down, some of the cases with existing customers that were currently missing we will regain. That will take us through the second quarter. But then as we exit the second quarter and work into the second half of the year, we do believe that we'll be putting this behind us.
David Dvorak: Yes. I would tell you that the teams have done an excellent job of moving product around and being very responsive to the customer demand. There are instances where we aren't able to satisfy those demands in particular cases, but you should think about it predominantly as instances where we're missing cases with existing customers. But the larger relationship is maintained, and that is part of the reason we have such a high degree of confidence that, as these production flows begin to replenish stocks out in the field, that we'll be regaining those cases. So that's more the matter that's in front of us. And we think it's very achievable to regain those cases, and we'll begin to do that here in the latter part of the second quarter.
David Dvorak: It really isn't related. The slight uptick in price pressure was more geographically focused out of the Europe, Middle East and Africa businesses and, in particular, 2 or 3 countries where we have large share. And those are market-driven price-down efforts in those markets, and so that was really the dynamic that led to the incremental price pressure sequentially.
David Dvorak: Well, I think that this is really consistent with our guidance, and nothing's changed for 2017 on our perspective as to what price is going to look like.
David Dvorak: Mike, it was difficult to make out your question if you are directing that our way. [Technical Difficulty].
David Dvorak: Yes. First, to confirm, David, it is all about that production facility. We have - we believe that even within the first quarter to second quarter, you can think about that production facility impacting the top line growth at an estimated 150 to 200 basis points. And so quite literally, as those products roll out, everything that we make is going to get sold, and you're going to see the elevated top line off of that. There is no under - any other underlying root cause of the top line performance that we've been discussing. And I would tell you that not only are we confident based upon the progress that we're making on the production side in the recent weeks that we're going to be able to fill that demand to a much greater extent by the end of Q2 and moving into the second half of the year, we were really optimistic about some of the other growth drivers we've been working hard to create, including the integration of the spine sales channel and create success with the Mobi-C products. So our vision for the second half of the year is you're going to see this work through. Our large joint business is going to be positively impacted by our progress in this regard. We'll continue to perform well on the S.E.T. category, and we're going to be adding another cylinder to that growth with an integrated spine channel with the best-in-class cervical disc product, Mobi-C.
David Dvorak: Mike, I would just reiterate that the visibility that we have exiting the quarter and in the most recent weeks as to those production levels, the solutions to that, it's really as simple as once the field inventory gets bled down and they're - even with extraordinary efforts, there is no ability to move product around the covered cases with existing relationships, you're going to start missing some of those cases. And that's what transpired in Q1, and we're going to be working our way out of that issue as we exit Q2. So we have very good line of sight as to the product that's flowing out of that facility now, and we can map out precisely what cases we're missing and the status of those relationships. And when you bring those lines together, you see this problem resolving as we exit Q2 and move into the second half of the year. Thereafter, it's a dynamic of not only fulfilling existing customer demand by virtue of the enhanced production levels that we're seeing currently but then rebuilding safety stocks that allows us to go back on the offense and compete very effectively with this great product portfolio for competitive business.
David Dvorak: Yes. As we provided the update during the last call, we obviously take these matters, as evidenced by everything we're doing, very, very seriously. And we've developed a comprehensive remediation plan to fully address the issues cited by the FDA, and we're going to continue to communicate with the agency as we execute that plan. We're going to take the necessary steps to address these gaps in that operation. And I would tell you we also would express that we remain confident in the quality and safety efficacy of these products. So it just is an ongoing process, Mike, at this point in time, and we'll keep everyone up to date with any appropriate disclosures as that process unfolds.
David Dvorak: We think that, that - you should think about that as a base as we exit 2017 and move into 2018. No doubt, there are opportunities to go beyond that. But obviously, work to do and operating plans to be developed before we get specific about that, Craig.
David Dvorak: Yes. I think consistent with our discussions and our innovation strategies over the past decade, I would maybe start by characterizing robotics in a broader way into intelligent instrumentation. And I would tell you that as it relates to intelligent instrumentation, more broadly defined, we believe that it's going to be the predominant way, ultimately, that these procedures are done and, frankly, the standard of care. And that includes everything that we've been doing from a navigation platform through custom jigs, the Signature offering, the legacy Zimmer PSI offering. We've done this across various anatomical sites, knees most extensively. We have the iASSIST technology in that space, eLIBRA for soft tissue balancing, preoperative planning systems. And these technologies are going to converge in ways that satisfy 3 conditions, improve the quality of care, take cost out of the procedure and enhance the throughput of patients. So I think, again, those are the key value drivers. As we develop those technologies in a portfolio fashion that we're focused on, we think that robotics can have an appropriate place within that. I don't think that, that one tool out of the box is going to be the total answer, rather I think it's going to be a portfolio of technologies that address the needs and create value across those 3 dimensions. And so we're really enthusiastic about the broad portfolio that we've assembled. We've been at it for 10 years, and I think it's one of the reasons that as we previewed potential opportunities to bring the ROSA platform into a knee procedure, we think that we can go at that in a differentiated way and leverage all the work that we've done over the last decade, along with our new team members from Medtech, to make a difference in that space. And so I don't know how to break robotics out of a broader portfolio of intelligent instrument solutions that will become the future. But a decade from now, I think that these procedures are going to predominantly utilize these intelligent instrumentation procedures, and I suspect, across various anatomical sites, robotics can be part of that portfolio.
David Dvorak: Yes. We absolutely are confident in that capability. We - you reflect back on each of these entities on a stand-alone basis, and for the prior 2 years, before any deal work began, they were performing in the mid-4s on a stand-alone basis. And the portfolio has been greatly enhanced by virtue of the combination. So we're very confident in being able to achieve that goal. And look, our expectation is going to be to exit the year consistent with what we're forecasting, in kind of that midpoint of 3.5% in the second half of the year, and that puts us on a nice path towards the number.
David Dvorak: Sure, Glenn. That is the track that we're on. We expect to move into clinical evaluation state in the second half of 2018 that would lead to the achievement of that objective of 2019 academy launch in earnest. But in the meantime, we're excited about continued penetration with our intelligent instrumentation offering. We did almost 100,000 cases, as I rattled off just a bit ago, the various technologies within our current portfolio, and that continues to grow. We had a great receptivity on the Signature Solutions front to help better manage the end-to-end episode of care. And again, back to the 3 value drivers of enhanced clinical outcomes, workflow efficiencies and then increased patient throughput, that's what that program is all about, and that's what our intelligent instrumentation offering is all about. So all of that, in addition to the fact, Glenn, that we have some exciting product introductions within that category that are going to make a difference, some of which we've discussed, such as the Persona partial knee that moves into a full release in the second half of this year, and others that we haven't discussed at this point in time but are going to be highly relevant to that same time period that you referenced. And in the aggregate, it puts us in a position to be very comfortable that we're going to compete effectively in our market-leading knee space.
David Dvorak: Yes. We haven't disclosed the specific numbers, but it's a key area of focus for us. I mean, between the large joint business versus the other categories, our sales adds are predominantly focused on the non-large-joint categories because we have such a large footprint and an existing capability on a global basis within the large joint section. So it's substantial. We made a lot of progress in the design of the organizational structure at the time of the integration and had a lot of success last year with adds and expect to make another meaningful installment in 2017.
David Dvorak: Yes. It has caused a reprioritization, but there are - the key products that are in the pipeline now move forward. Many, many products are either in early launch or about to get launched, and I would tell you that notwithstanding the reprioritization, we still have a very robust pipeline. The expectation is still approximately 40 new product launches within fiscal year 2017.
David Dvorak: With that I'd like to - I'm sorry. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer Biomet. We look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter conference call. I'll turn it back to you, Mariah.
Daniel Florin: The adjustment to earnings is a combination of the revenue reduction, so the earnings drop-through impact of the revenue reduction combined with the incremental production costs, particularly in the North Campus.
Daniel Florin: Sure, David. First, with respect to the integration synergy program, that remains solidly on track. We have described that as an incremental $85 million of benefit in 2017. So that continues to be on track, and the Q1 instalment, very consistent with our expectation. The incremental production costs and I also mentioned in my prepared remarks some incremental distribution costs as we've expedited shipments around the world, the combination of those 2 is the big change. Keeping in mind we're still delivering very strong ex-FX earnings per share growth on an adjusted basis. So I'd say what's changed, consistent with the commentary on the production throughput, it's just costing us more to produce those products out of the North Campus. That will change over time. As we continue to make progress on these operational process improvements, there's no question that the cost to produce products out of the facility will normalize out over time. But we have dialed that in for the remainder of 2017. We've dialed in the incremental distribution expenses, and then we've gone back through and looked at some other productivity initiatives and looking to tightly manage discretionary spending. And you put all of that together, and that's where we landed on earnings guidance.
Daniel Florin: Yes, David. And keep in mind - so what I just described is included in our adjusted earnings per share, the incremental production costs. Included in that would be some incremental quality inspection. In addition to that, with respect to the remediation activities of the 483 observations, we've also increased that estimate, and that's included in special items. And our prior estimate was $170 million, and we've increased that by $40 million to reflect the additional work that's taking place there. That's included in the special items in our GAAP P&L.
Daniel Florin: Mike, this is Dan. I would also add that Q1 - I think the right way to think about this is that the Q1 production throughput delays has pushed our time horizon out by approximately 2 months in clearing back orders and replenishing safety stock and getting back on offense. And importantly as David said, in recent weeks, we've reached production throughput out of that campus to levels that are necessary to fuel that. So we've already demonstrated in the past couple of weeks the level of output necessary to fuel that growth. Now there's a time lag between coming out of the facility, getting through terminal sterilization and then pushed out to the field, having complete sets and then going on offense. Those are the - that time lag. But I think it's really important that we have, in fact, been performing, from an output perspective, to the degree that we need to, to fuel the second half growth.
Daniel Florin: Joanne, first, most of the incremental costs that we're incurring beyond our original guidance is actually up on the gross margin line. So the incremental production variances flow through cost of goods sold. The distribution expense that I referred to is in SG&A. But essentially, our gross - or SG&A profile remains on track to migrate back towards the original guidance levels that we have provided. So we'll - that's where a lot of the instalment of the synergy capture is flowing through, and that enables us to move closer towards 37.5% on a full year basis.
Daniel Florin: Sure. So the free cash flow guide of $1.25 billion to $1.4 billion, as you said, we're retaining that. And really, despite the earnings takedown, as we look at other working capital and operational levers we have available to us at this point in time, we remain confident that we can deliver free cash flow within that range. I think it's important to just remind you that in the current year, there is still significant special items. We've increased the quality remediation spend up to $210 million. In addition to that, there's incremental Biomet integration expenses and other integration activities. So we're still committed to our long-term goal of $2 billion of free cash flow. So within our 2017 guide, there is still hundreds of millions of dollars that should dissipate over time as we work towards that $2 billion long-term goal.
Daniel Florin: That is exactly the right way to think about that, that, importantly, we're currently - in the past couple of weeks, we've seen throughput out of the facility at the levels necessary to clear back orders, to meet existing customer demand, replenish those safety stocks and then get back on offense.
Daniel Florin: So the - we'll start with, in my prepared remarks, described the constant-currency all-in number of 2.4% to 3.4%, with LDR contributing 2.4%. So ex FX, ex LDR, 0% to 1%. And then we had the billing day headwind of 100 basis points. This is in our Q2 guide. So that 1% to 2% is indicative of the organic growth rate. The other acquisitions are having some impact. We're very pleased with how those products are performing, but I think the right way to think about our organic growth is as we're disclosing it.
