Ivan Tornos: Hey, thank you, Robbie. I’ll start, I’ll talk about the market dynamics and briefly I’ll comment on 2024. I’ll pass it on to Suky to provide more color on 2024 and maybe discuss what he can discuss at this point when it comes to the margin profile. But I’ll start with the market dynamics. We’re the fourth company to report in Q3. So by now everybody sees that the markets are healthy. And quite frankly, I won’t talk much about Q4, but so far so good. So this is not a one quarter type of market dynamic. The reasons behind the market profile, the market growth profile and why I continue to say this market is different than four or five years ago is the things that I alluded to in my prepared remarks. The explosion of ASCs, the movement, the shift to ASC is real. That means new ASCs are opening in the U.S. That means [indiscernible] surgery are happening. Demographics around the world play a factor. We continue to track data in terms of the age for someone to get a hip or a knee. And these are younger patients. In the U.S., we would also see more days of surgery. And I don’t think this is just a backlog dynamic pricing, you see what every single one of us is reporting these days. It’s not the same pricing dynamic that we’ve had in the past. And beyond that, the technology. We are driving disruptive innovation. We got more efficient solutions, surgeries are shorter, and the episode occurred is shorter. So we are dealing with the patients, the fellow patients with more efficiency. Again, this is a durable trend. It’s happening in Q3. As I think about Q4, nothing is really changing. As we look into 2024, every early indicator suggests that things are not going to change. And relative to performance, well, look in the background of these healthy market dynamics in the U.S., we gain share in Q3 in both categories. Really proud of being number one in knees for the quarter. We don’t pay a lot of attention to any given quarter, but that is a fact that we’re the fastest growing company in the quarter. And then globally net of a couple of one-timers both in Russia and China. When it comes to hips, our performance was in line with hips and knees was very strong. And then as we get to 2024, I’ll let Suky comment, but we will be mid-single digit. That’s the point of entry. And nothing has really changed. It’s just getting closer to the end of the year and realizing that these market trends are sustainable. And the innovation pipeline that we have will drive the type of growth. But I’ll pass it on to Suky to comment on all the drivers.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, Drew, thank you very much. And first things first, you should be in your honeymoon considering that you got married recently. So I’m disappointed you here. Look, I’m going to keep this short and sweet. We don’t see backlog as a major driver, growth profile for the next year. So when Suky and I said on mid-single digit, we’re not assuming any real meaningful backlog. So not a key driver. We believe and we spend a lot of time going back and forth on backlog that is going to remain here throughout the end of 2024 at least. But we are not a backlog depending – backlog dependent type of a company. So we don’t have – we don’t focus on that. What we’re tracking is innovation, the pipeline that we have, but we’re tracking is the investments we made in the ASC we’re tracking is commercial execution and in the background, just sustainable pricing dynamics. So no backlog. Thank you.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, absolutely. Great question. First things first. Q3 S.E.T. was in line. As we move into Q4, we’re actually going to be a mid-single digit grower. I’m not going to talk about S.E.T dynamics for 2024. We’ll do that coming guidance, but very excited in terms of where we are. We integrated a couple of companies we have seen SportsMed. Those are performing very well. Our upper extremities, our shoulder business is growing in the mid to upper single digits in most regions. When you look at our CMFT, craniomaxillofacial thoracic, which is part of S.E.T. It has been performing very well. It continues to perform very well. So, again, lots of reasons to believe that as we getting 2024, you should expect a sustainable performance in S.E.T. In terms of M&A, again, we’re coming more on that later, but it remains the number one recipient of capital allocation. We haven’t changed in that regard. And yet, S.E.T. is one category that is very attractive, given the higher market growth dynamics or position in the space. So you should assume that this is one area where we’re going to be focusing from an M&A standpoint. But again, native M&A already delivering mid-single digit growth entering Q4 strongly, and we are excited about 2024. Thank you.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, I’ll start Matt, and again, Suky maybe want to chime in here. But we confident about 2024 because the market dynamics are sustainable. So there has been a lot of back and forth in terms of what’s going to happen once the backlog is out and all that. First, the backlog. We don’t think it’s going to be out anytime soon. And then pricing is sustainable. And all the things that I mentioned, excuse me, my answer to Robbie, are here. They move to the ASC the shorter episodes of care more days of surgery. So macro wise every data point we get in that is very compelling. And then on the micro, we are seeing a bolus of innovation being launched. We got 40 new products that we’re going to be launching over the next 36 months. Some of these products are very compelling. We launched our Persona OsseoTi, which is the cementless construct earlier in 2023. That is going to be a full – truly full market release in the U.S. in 2024 with the right amount of S.E.T.s and that’s high growth. As we enter the first semester of 2024 to your point, is another two or three very meaningful product launches. Some in robotics, some within recon, some in S.E.T., that’s very compelling. The integration of embodying, the integration of relying continues to generate revenue. I could spend an hour, but I will tell you that is the balance of really sustainable micro dynamics and solid innovation. And then on top of that, you got great commercial execution with a highly engaged sales force. So I’m not – we are not deeply concerned about the about the comps.
Ivan Tornos: And maybe one last comment here, Matt, quickly we can move on. Don’t forget that the first semester of 2023, while it had very solid comps, also had pretty challenging dynamics from a supply standpoint. So as we think about 2024, that we believe it’s going to be a tailwind.
Ivan Tornos: Yes, absolutely. So on M&A, as already mentioned, and it was in my prepared remarks as well, it will remain our top strategic priority from a capital allocation standpoint. So that’s not changing. And we’re excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us. We’re going to continue to focus on growth markets or areas that are not only mission-centric, but offer an exciting growth profile. And that is three things. No ranking order. Three key areas, segments within recon that are growing faster than [indiscernible] or collected or collective market growth rates. And there’s a lot in there. You got navigation. You got data, technology, elements of recon that are really attractive. Two is set as we’ve done already. Buying things in sports med, buying things in CMFT, and then looking at other categories that I don’t want to get into for our competitive dynamics. But again, optionality there. And then ASC is also one attractive area, is one area where we have dedicated resources, we growing in the teams. We have currently 10% to 15% of our sales in that space. And there is opportunities there to acquire things. So that’s a bit of the strategic summary of where we go from an M&A perspective. In terms of financials, we’re not changing the story. We like to do things up to $2 billion in acquisition price. And again, that gives you a lot of options. You can do a mid-size deal. You can do some tuck-ins combination of different things. We want these deals to be EPS neutral within two years. And we spoke about high-single digit ROIC within five years. So that’s a bit of a strategic and financial profile. As we look into the next three or five years, we spend a lot of time, Suky and I have spent a lot of time looking at the strap plan. What is the growth profile? The great news is that we convinced that the free cash flow generation is solid. So we’re going to be able to do M&A and potentially do other stuff when it comes to capital allocation. So that’s the answer to your first question. On ASC, look, I don’t think we need to do much more. We growing in the strong things already here in the U.S. in the ASC. I mentioned 10% to 15% of our sales are there. We got the right portfolio. This is now where we were let’s say three, four years ago. We got the right robotic platform for the ASC. We got a great cementless Knee that is gaining there very quickly. We got a full bag in sports and across set. We got best-in-class technology so the portfolio is great. We got dedicated resources, which you very much need in an ASC environment. We have a dedicated sales force. We got simple contracting, simplified contracting, and look what we don’t have organically, we partner with others. So whether it’s sterilization, booms and lights or other stuff, we got the right partnerships. So very, very confident that we’re going to continue to perform in the ASC environment. Thank you.
Ivan Tornos: All right. Let’s see if my memory is as good as I think it is. So starting with ASC macro wise, we believe that roughly between 40% to 60% of cases in the next five years are going to move to the ASC. And I will say that a large portion of cases are already moving to the ASC. What we like about this dynamic is that as cases are moving to the ASC, other cases are going to in-patient and outpatients. So it’s a little bit of a double dip happening their just, but yes, the number is 40% to 60% over the next three to five years. And I would say a good percentage has already moved. We are growing in the upper teens when it comes to the ASC and today around 10% to 15% repeating myself of cases or revenue rather of Zimmer Biomet comes from the ASC. I will tell you that it’s pretty equal in terms of both hips and knees. So we don’t see one category being above the other. And I like the fact that given the recent CMS changes, you’re going to see sold their cases also accelerating the ASC. We believe that’s a great opportunity for us here at Zimmer Biomet. So that’s the answer on ASC. In terms of ROSA dynamics I think we’ve been very transparent in terms of one-third, roughly one-third of all of our installations are happening in the ASC. That’s a trend that has been happening for a few quarters, and that’s a trend that we continue to see happen in the next quarters. In an ASC environment speed matters, not having to get engaged in complex pre-planning matters. Efficiency does matter and having a knee that you are confident it’s going to be the right knee that matter. And those dynamics are driving ROSA penetration in the ASC. And then outside of the ASC, ROSA continues to perform. We are selling and placing ROSA’s frankly at a rapid pace. You see in the other category, we saw nice increase that’s driven by ROSA. And we are on track to at least install 300 units at the end of the year 2023 when it comes to ROSA, so really satisfied. And that’s before we launch next generation ROSA across recon and deliver the first shoulder robotic platform. So excited about both ASC and ROSA. Thank you for the question, Josh.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Sure. So good morning, Larry. Thanks for noticing. It’s actually two years in a row where we’ve expanded margins in the backdrop of really challenging environment, by the way, while also accelerating revenue. I think in 2022, we expanded margins, operating margins by about 40 to 50 bps. And this year, you’re right, the implied is about 100 basis points. So again, really proud of what the ZB team has done collectively, again, in the backdrop of still investing for growth, which we’ve been able to demonstrate. As we move into next year, I think I’ve been pretty front footed in our ability to continue to grow margins in 2024. And quite frankly, we’re going to do that in every year after 2024 and continue to deliver a profile where earnings are growing faster than revenue. I’m not going to go out and put a marker out there as to where we think it can get to, but historical levels we will look for over time to definitely hate and exceed those. So I’ll just leave it there. Again, really happy with where the team’s performed over the last couple of years. Very confident what we’re going to do next year. Quite excited about our outlook in the longer-term.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. I don’t think there is anything changing really. There’s not a change of strategy is we continue with ROSA. We continue to show strong clinical efficacy. We continue to demonstrate time neutrality after a few cases. We continue to see great adoption in an AC environment. We have three ROSA indications today within recon. So total knee partial and hip, we’ve done a lot of podium presence. If you attended the Dallas meeting this last weekend. There was a lot of noise around posters and whatnot. So I think we just get in the right adoption is moving quickly. And then a driver, I will tell you has been tremendous. A lot of these cases that are done, the ASC do like or do one, a lot of surgeons in an ASC won the combination of robotics and cementless. In the past, we didn’t have the right cementless construct. We do not with Persona OsseoTi. So I think that’s been a bit of a tailwind, but I wouldn’t say it’s a major change of the strategy is just the fact that it’s been two, three years in market now and you’re starting to see the data. So really excited in terms of what we are.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Thank you Chris, for the follow-up. We did see more sales. We haven’t changed the strategy, so it’s reflective of the fact that there is capital in the hospital systems across the world. And we saw people wanting to buy them and we sold the units. It’s not a fundamental change, it’s not a change in the strategy. We settled along that we prefer placing, given the annuity factor and whatnot. But yes, capital is strong and we did do some deals in some ASCs and in some of the systems and that’s why you see the other category growing. Thank you, Chris.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Let me start with the second part. We really don’t do hope here. So we do have plans to drive better performance in the three areas that so far have not been that compelling, those being restorative therapies for an ankle and trauma. What I will tell you is that the restorative therapies, biologics, the issue, there was a reimbursement change a year ago that’s been resolved. So that’s not a concern moving forward. And then foot and ankle, lower extremities is something that we’re looking at. It may require it some organic inorganic place, but given the space we paying close attention to what is that we need to do. And then trauma for many markets continues to be very attractive. We done some smaller tuck-ins, so I would expect that the declines that we have seen in the past are going to disappear. So again, not really doing hope there. We got plans to remediate and to get back to growth in those three categories. Now that said, the three most compelling priorities within set remain upper extremities shoulder, sports, medicine, and CMFT and those three are performing very nicely.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. Sure. Hey Vijay, it’s good to hear from you. So on the OUS hip headwind, specifically due to Russia, if you go back the last quarter’s call – second quarter, I talked about Russia being about a 50 basis point headwind in the back half of 2023. That estimate is still largely true and most of that occurred in the third quarter. So we’re going to see a little bit of pressure in the fourth quarter, but it’s largely behind us. We don’t see that as being a headwind at this time into 2024. And I’m sorry, Vijay, could you repeat your question around.
Ivan Tornos: Yes. So look we would still look at debt financing over equity financing all day long. Even though, it’s 2x of where it was a year ago, it’s still versus historical rates still a pretty attractive source of capital. It has become marginally more difficult to make the deal economics work at, at these interest rates. So it just means that we’ve got to be that much more disciplined on our valuation and in our purchase price. And so that’s how we view things right now.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes. Hey, Robbie. Good morning. Thanks for the question. First thing I’d say is starting with the back half of this year, we committed to mid-single digit ex-FX growth for the second half of the year with operating margin expansion both sequentially and year-over-year. Q3 was a really another strong validation proof point of that. And we feel confident in that profile. The reason I mention that is I think it gives us a running start as we go into 2024. And so, I do want to talk a little bit about 2024 back to your question. First, we’ve already provided a lot of color, I think, on 2024 more than most of our peers. But we feel that being transparent, giving you guys a robust view of what we’re going to do, not only this year, but into the future is really important. But let me talk a little bit about the headwinds and tailwinds as we see it going into 2024 and some things have modestly changed. First, I’ll start with the headwinds. One, we do see a higher tax rate into next year because of the OECD’s Pillar Two. Secondly, based on where FX rates are today, we’d see some additional pressure from a foreign currency perspective into next year. Again, both of these are more macro versus execution, right? They’re things that are outside of our control, but we’re going to contend with them and we’re going to deal with them. And I’ll tell you a little bit about how. On the tailwind side, I would say, yes, we are more confident in our outlook for revenue next year. Our end markets are stronger than they’ve ever been. Our portfolio and new product launches have been executing extremely well in some areas above our expectation. Our performance relative to market has been very strong, and that’s consistent and durable. And quite frankly, we’re seeing a more moderated pricing environment still erosion, but much more moderated than what we’ve see in historically. All of those elements give us confidence that we’re going to be able to post a mid-single digit growth top line ex-FX into 2024. And then, despite those sort of P&L headwinds I talked about, we do believe that we’re going to be able to grow earnings faster than revenue. I talked about gross margin next year, stepping down because of the FX hedge gains from this year, not repeating at the same level. That will still happen, but we’re going to be able to offset some of that. The operations and manufacturing team has been working really hard at efficiency. And so we feel more optimistic about where gross margin is going into next year. Secondly, as I said, we’ve already got a running start on a lot of SG&A efficiency programs in the back half of this year that are going to run into next year. So when you combine those two elements together again, we feel really confident that we’re going to be able to do that mid-single digit top line growth next year, as well as earnings growing faster than revenue. So, thanks again, Robbie, for the question.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes. I think just building on that, remember the first half of this year, which was very strong, was more about comps versus 2021, or excuse me, versus 2022. Then it was something about abnormal market growth. So again, just building off what Ivan said, we feel confident in that. Now we’re not of course giving specific guidance, and we’re certainly not giving quarterly guidance into next year. So, as always quarters can be choppy or driven by seasonality mix changes, but overall, we’re confident that the single vision.
Suky Upadhyay: Sure. Hey Shagun, this is Suky. Thanks for the question. So just first some fourth quarter, I’ll just keep going back to – we don’t give quarterly guidance and obviously with our implied, you can pretty much squeeze into the last quarter of the year. We talked about mid-single digit growth margins expanding in the back half of this year, and we’re going to deliver on that. We have a range around our guidance. Obviously, the – to the downside, geopolitical factors continue to be erosive or supply doesn’t continue to, that very positive trend has been on. Then you’re towards the bottom end. However, if that supply picks up and it remediates even faster than it’s already been improving, then as well as better execution on our new products, we could be at the upper end. So there’s a range around that and so I’ll just leave it at that. But overall, we feel really good about where we’re ending the second half of this year and where our end markets are. As we look into next year, I think you’ve seen a bit of a pivot where our commentary was before anchoring towards 4%, maybe even better to now where we’re saying mid-single digit. And I think that reflects the momentum that we’ve seen to your point in 2022 and 2023.
Suky Upadhyay: Hey, Larry, just to get back to your original question, just to make sure I’m completely clear. I do see getting back to historic margins are better over time. Absolutely, a definable objective for us, now having greater insight and taking over for option supply chain, I would say, this is an area where we can certainly do better. We’re going to do better going forward. And I can tell you that the company’s focus on not just revenue growth, but operating profit and free cash flow generation has been more acute and stronger than it’s ever been. So I think we’ve got the pathway, we’ve got the culture, we’ve got the levers to get there over time. Thank you.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes. So first of all, on your first question around earnings per share dilution, that’s really going to depend on the type of asset that we acquire, the size of the transaction, what market’s in, where it is in its journey and its life cycle is a product that’s just launched or something that’s very mature in marketplace. So I’m not going to sort of give a guidepost on year one or year two, because I think that would be premature because it is going to be very situation dependent. But what we will commit to is that we’re going to look for break even by at least 20, 24 months, if not sooner than that, so that’s the profile that we look for in our M&A. Now relative to bid ask and timing of course for a variety of reasons mostly proprietary. We’re not going to get into the timing of any specific deal as you know, those are often opportunistic situation based. So here’s what I would say is that we’ve got a lot of strategic flexibility to balance sheets in the strongest position, it’s been since the merger of Zimmer Biomet. We feel really good about the optionality we have going forward and we think we can deploy capital to continue to accelerate our growth profile and diversify the company. But I’m not going to get any specific timing. I’m sure you can appreciate that, but thank you for the question.
Suky Upadhyay: Yes. So on the expense line, right now we’re not going to give full guidance on that. So we’ll unveil that. I think the one thing you want to keep in the backdrop is we do believe we can grow earnings, we will grow earnings faster than revenue. On the tax rate, right now our best estimate is that it’ll be about 150 basis point increase off of our full year 2023 tax rate.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And Ivan, I have enjoyed watching your posts on LinkedIn. You looks like you’ve traveled around the world literally since you’ve taken over as CEO. I wanted to ask so if you start on the margins, you’re going to end 2023 with an operating margin about 28.5% which is towards the high end of med-tech. Where – what do you see as peak margins for Zimmer? I mean, 5, 10 years ago the margins were in the low-thirties. Is that still realistic? And I had one follow-up.
Larry Biegelsen: Yes. Other – the other category was obviously very strong. We heard you talk about gross of sales in the quarter. What was the change in the quarter that drove that strength and how sustainable is that? Thanks for taking the questions.
Larry Biegelsen: And Larry, yes, thank you for being my one follower on LinkedIn, the whole time, I said it was my wife. I’m disappointed. Appreciate it.
