David Dvorak: Thanks, Dan. Zimmer Biomet sales performance in the first half of 2016 demonstrated the effectiveness and coordination of our industry-leading commercial organization, reinforcing our confidence for exiting the year at above-market growth rates. In addition to promising opportunities across our portfolio, we will continue bringing differentiated new products to market in 2016, including technologies, services and solutions that represent compelling value in the evolving healthcare environment. These internal developments from our R&D pipeline will be joined at the second half of the year by new offerings from our recent acquisitions which further enhance our portfolio's leadership position. And now I would like to ask Sara to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David Dvorak: Sure, Bob. We continue to make progress in closing the gap to market in both large joint categories in the United States, probably more substantial progress sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter in hips but that stands to reason relative to some of the product launches that have already come out this year, we're finding a lot of traction with strengthening our revision line. As we talked about in the past, the Biomet portfolio greatly shores up some of the gaps that we had on the legacy Zimmer side and the commercial teams are taking advantage of that on the hip side. We probably saw an earlier recovery of the Knee business on the U.S. front and then that was sustained sequentially from Q1 to Q2. So we feel good about the momentum. We have a lot of opportunity going forward. Both large joint categories in the United States and obviously, these are categories that have performed quite well outside of the U.S. for us, particularly the Knee business over the course of the last couple of quarters now.
David Dvorak: I don't see there being a substantial adjustment to the pace. Obviously, these demands are consistent in the global markets, quite stable in that regard as it relates to the U.S. in particular. You have a little bit of a shift from Q1 to Q2, just on billing days and I think that everyone Bob talks about the billing days in absolute terms because that's the cleanest way to talk about it. But you have to be careful about not acknowledging that there are some shifts in billing day mix from Q1 to Q2 and if Easter hits at a particular point in time and Good Friday gets pushed from Q1, Q2, back and forth from one year to the next that can have some dynamics. So I think you're better off measuring the pace and stability of that U.S. market across the longer period rather than just isolating transition from Q1 to Q2.
David Dvorak: Sure Craig. I think that there's nothing new in that announcement. Obviously, across the globe, we compete against a large number of companies, some of whom are taking that segment of the market by way of focus and if anything, I would tell you that we're better positioned than ever because of the Zimmer Biomet combination. We have not only the capability to position our systems at a price point to meet the clinical needs and the demands of customers to match anyone but we're doing that with clinically proven products that have been out for, in the case of NexGen, 20 years and our service capabilities at the same time, with our scale, can deliver that product in a cost-efficient way, in a manner that meets the service needs of those customers as well. So nothing new in the way of that announcement, obviously, we take any launch seriously. We pay a lot of attention to the competitive environment and do that in a very respectful manner because that leads us to running the business in a more confident fashion but there isn't anything about that particular announcement that we find to be game-changing relative to the marketplace. I would go on, I guess Craig to tell you that I think to the extent that the value-based models are going to become more significant in a U.S. market and this is the case in some of the OU.S. markets that we have operated in for a long, long time. If someone grabs a product to save a few dollars and ends up with a clinical problem and remember the patients at the same time, they're becoming much better educated and their expectations for a return to the lifestyle that they have a vision with respect to getting to, is better informed than ever. Using the wrong product, ending up with the wrong patient result, the reputational damage and quite soon, the economic consequences of doing that are going to be dialed in at a much more significant way. So again, proven clinical technologies are going to be more important in the environment that we're going to be operating in rather than less and I think that whether it's surgeons or hospital administrators, they are going to be making business decisions in accordance with that environment in which they are operating.
David Dvorak: Sure. This is all part of a decade-long effort that we've had underway to offer the marketplace with the broadest array of intelligent instruments and as we've said all along, we're agnostic as to the form that, that technology takes but what's important to us is to create value with these technologies and think about that in three key areas. First and foremost, is to improve the quality of outcomes. Secondly, to ensure that, that technology is efficient and creates value for our customers. And then thirdly and this is going to become increasingly important in the value-based world that we're going to be operating within, is patient volume capture. So that means the clinical outcome can't go backwards. The cost of the technology can't be positioned in a way where it doesn't provide the customer with a return and it certainly can't prolong a lot of times or the terms of those ORs in a manner that the cost of the patient volume to decline in that important service line for the customers. So with all of that, by way of background, we obviously in Patient-Specific Instruments and iASSIST and eLIBRA, et cetera and the more traditional navigation have made significant investments and do thousands and thousands of procedures that are supported by those technologies. To the extent that robotics can augment where it is a value creator, the cases that are being done, then that is enough for it is worth putting forth and we believe that it will create value. Now, this is a technology that is very well advanced, the better part of a couple of decades of effort that have gone into it. And it really augments and complements what we've been doing out of our Montreal operations for over a decade, what they've been doing for two decades as ORTHOsoft, the navigation of the development of the iASSIST technology. So very complementary; it will be integrated into those technologies but it has to create value. The Medtech Group has done a good job of taking that technology forward, addressing technical challenges that existed when we looked at similar technologies over the last many years and that is the difference maker to us. So it has the potential of being leverageable across other muscular skeletal sites but obviously, at the start point, we'll focus on the current applications and the beginnings of the launch in the spine space and do that in a way where we make sure that we're getting the foundation right to ensure that we don't have hiccups or hit speed bumps as we roll out those technologies and the applications across various anatomical sites. So if you look at spine, specifically, obviously the success rates, patient satisfaction rates are quite different than knees and hips. And this is one of the things that we can do along with LDRs, Mobi-C along with LDRs, minimally invasive technologies and implants to provide a better patient outcome. And so we will be focused in those areas first and then over time to the extent that we can create value with this technology in other areas, you should expect to see those applications get launched as well, Craig.
David Dvorak: It is broad-based, Mike. I would tell you quite literally, across every business unit, we expect and have opportunities to accelerate the growth so we would expect to sustain that level and perhaps pick up the pace even within SET because we love our opportunities there and yet we see opportunities in the other product categories, just the same. At SET side, we talked about this at the point of announcing the Biomet combination and again, these were business units where, in market subsegments where we had lower share, we had scale challenges and some product gaps, Biomet was in the exact same position and it really was a complementary fit when you brought those product lines together, the product pipelines together. And importantly, the capability given the competitiveness of that combined portfolio in each of those product categories to justify building out more specialized sales forces. I tell you that, that is just now what you're starting to see the benefit of and that's a big difference maker so you've got this competitive bag and historically organizations that were primarily driven by generalist and are in the future and you're starting to see good results of this going to be driven by sales force specialization where appropriate. It is going to continue to be a growth engine for us. I think what you will see is, spine will take that form as we get through the LDR integration as well.
David Dvorak: In all of those areas and then at a group like surgical, obviously, we're already there with spine, dental, so anything that's non-large joint, you should expect some form of specialization, whether those are product specialists or outright direct reps that are focused exclusively on those product categories. And obviously, the product category and the geography will dictate the level of specialization but they exist today. It was one of the things that we drove, Mike, in the integration early on is to make critical decisions that would optimize our performance across all of these product categories. And since then, we've been adding more specialized reps to each of these categories and we're up on a net basis substantially in the non-large joint categories; in fact, we're up on a net basis, both Q1 and Q2 on the large joint side, too. So this is just the beginning of driving this momentum and we're really enthusiastic about what we're seeing.
David Dvorak: I think that is right, Mike and I think it was something that was undervalued at the time that we announced the deal. We articulated that is a strategy but understandably, people want to see you get far enough into executing that strategy and putting some results on the scoreboard before they can fully value it. This is installment one here in Q2 for the new Zimmer Biomet for these kinds of results.
David Dvorak: There really isn't anything that is significant in our minds. Obviously, the world's a dynamic place but we're lining up the sequential quarters of improvement. It's a big business so points of growth are meaningful numbers. I think we're being prudent about the pace of improvement, David, between now and the end of the year and what's really important to us is to make sure that we're doing this methodically so that it leads to a sustainable and durable growth rate on the topline as we exit 2016 and into 2017. Again, you look at the clean view of the organic growth rate that we spoke about and you've got nice steps that are contemplated for both Q3 and Q4 and then that creates a nice jump off point for 2017 which is absolutely consistent with what we came into the year, articulating we would accomplish.
David Dvorak: Sure, David. I think it's too early to tell, notwithstanding the fact that it is the case that over the course of the last three quarters, we've been on the lower end of the range of what we've seen for the last 2.5 years. The 2.5-year range for us, at least, has been pretty tight. It has been minus 1, to minus 2, so three quarters in a row, closer to that minus 1 but that's not a refinement that I would tell you is something that you ought to set into your thinking for the market that we're operating with and the only other thing I would tell you is, it is the case with this broad portfolio that we have a lot of opportunities to position products and technologies and proven projects and technologies that, that. meet those customer demands. So that obviously helps us manage price and I'm optimistic that whatever the market environment takes us to, that we're going to be in a nice position to perform at a good level in that context that we're operating within.
David Dvorak: Yes, we absolutely are in a position with the LDR combination to compete effectively in the marketplace. I think that scale does matter. Scale matters as it relates to the completeness of one's product portfolio. It matters relative to your capability to build out a first-class sales force on a global basis. It matters in your ability to continuously reinvest in the business, research and development and avoid product gaps and have a nice mix of the more me-too oriented products so you don't have a hole as well as some of the things that are more aggressively going after addressing unmet needs. The Medtech acquisition would be an example of the latter, the Mobi-C products within the LDR portfolio would be a good example of the latter. So we're absolutely in a position where we're going to be able to compete effectively. I do think that it is going to become increasingly the case where, with the consolidation of customers and their desire to eliminate large numbers of vendors and consolidate themselves, that the one-stop shop provider. And not only are we going to be to do that, but spine business, we're doing that across musculoskeletal service lines as a whole. And I think that you'll see a continuing trend towards that within the marketplace and it obviously plays to our advantage.
David Dvorak: I think very sustainable. If you bump around from one quarter to the next, like I said, there can be some billing day differences, someday mix differences but look, at the end of the day, though, population globally is aging. The need for these procedures is growing, that is unmistakable. This is in the case of large joints. The only solution for someone in advanced stage osteoarthritis in these procedures work and that underlying demand is just not going to change. You can forecast out the numbers and see how that percentage of the population that's aging and the period where there are more likely to need a total joint is going to continue to grow for years to come. So to us, that's the basis upon which we make our business decisions as opposed to bumping around from one quarter to the next with minor variations and growth rates. The dynamics are quite stable; the union or the unit demand, the pricing environment that we've been in and to the extent that there is going to be any change in the United States market, for example, the movement towards a more value-based environment for reimbursement, we're going to have the broadest of service offerings and the most cohesive capability to come in and partner more deeply with our customers to help them address their needs across that episode of care. So we like the operating environment.
David Dvorak: Sure, yes, the concept of that program, as you'll recall, Kyle, is healthy patient, sick knee. So if you think about it whether it's that particular setting or the broader movement towards value-based reimbursement, these are all driven by the same trends, aging population, these providers of the solutions being pushed to do it more cost effectively than ever. And I think that our Z23 Program, Signature Solutions, are specifically designed to shape that solution and we've had good success with that program. We're ready to expand that program and do more with it and it is very integrated into our Signature Solutions offering because it is meeting the same demands that these customers are facing. So it just stands to reason that for the right patient, that the capability to get them in and out of the hospital, to avoid the potential of high-risk consequences or readmissions in the form of nosocomial infections. They can be more pervasive in an acute care setting, they got to be doing those procedures outside of the acute care setting. There are many, many patients where you're not going to be able to do that for the foreseeable future so I think that the providers understand that, that is an opportunity. It is a message that has resonated well with the surgeons. It is a small percentage today; it's going to grow. I hesitate to predict where that lands. I think that, that really needs to be driven by the way the patients present. And I think that's part of the work that needs to be done is to very carefully refine which patients are qualified for that setting and those that aren't but again, the data that we're going to be able to generate over a reasonable time period with our Signature Solutions effort is going to be part of what allows us to make those informed decisions and to continuously refine the model because it's end to end, so we will be building data in through the Z23 program, Signature Solutions and that's going to allow diagnosis and care pathway decisions to be made on a better informed basis than those decisions have ever been made in the past.
David Dvorak: We think that we've done a nice job of landing meaningful transactions to continue to execute our strategy and to us, we do that strategic planning work and identify areas where we can create value in areas of need and irrespective of whether that ends of being solved or addressed through internal or external development, that it's all part of the same program. And it just so happened that many of those efforts came together in that Q2 time period and as Q2 closed out, we moved into Q3 so I wouldn't expect that pace to be continuing into the second half of the year but we're always going to be evaluating these opportunities. We've got terrific chances to get after building out the innovation pipeline and executing on that and I think that, that is going to carry us into 2017 nicely. And as we digest those and look forward obviously, you get past a year, year-and-a-half and the cash that we're going to be generating as a business is going to put us in a great position to go on and do more, including potentially significant ones. But I think you ought to think about us as feeling good about what we have under the umbrella right now and focused on exploiting the opportunities that have come with the deals that we've done over the last couple of years largely.
David Dvorak: Very stabilized foundationally, JoAnne, across the globe. And obviously we have a long period of time between signing and consummating the Biomet deal to do that planning work but then you're standing by aggressively until the deal closes and I think our commercial leaders did an outstanding job in the second half of 2015 of executing those plans. And it created some significant opportunities as we appointed leaders then to sort out the product portfolio and the customers being covered by reps to start to build greater emphasis in the non-large joint categories where appropriate and we took advantage of that opportunity. And then we started to build the pipeline of recruiting of new reps that would be able to fully exploit the opportunities, particularly outside of large joints. So that pipeline got built towards the end of last year, those positions were brought on and obviously, it takes time for those reps to become productive. So I think in Q2, you're just seeing the early signs of that productivity. It's going to continue into the second half of the year but this is going to be a dynamic that is forever for us with the critical mass scale, competitiveness of our portfolios across all product categories and our innovation pipeline and capability to make a difference with service lines, like Signature Solutions, going forward, integrating all of this. We're going to continuously build out that sales force and that's going to be a real strength for the organization going forward on a global basis. So the local leaders are going to make these decisions as to what level of specialization they need because they're closest to the opportunity and the customers and where it makes sense because it is a less populated environment for the call point is overlapping. And then we will have the same rep going after that business to the extent that the call point is more separated and it is a highly populated area. You should expect to see us with more specialization in those markets. But we've made tremendous progress in this regard in both the first and the second quarter and we'll continue to execute that plan going forward.
David Dvorak: Thanks again, Joanne. So with that, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter conference call. I'll turn it back over to you, Sara.
