David C. Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. In the second quarter, Zimmer achieved solid sales across a number of product categories and geographic regions that are vital to our growth plan. We're also able to return significant value to our stockholders by successfully executing on the ongoing commercialization of new clinically relevant product offerings, realizing the benefits of our operational excellence agenda and demonstrating prudent stewardship for capital. As I mentioned earlier, we're very excited about our planned combination with Biomet. By leveraging the best of both companies, our combined entity will possess an organizational talent advantage that will distinguish us in our industry. Our vision for this combination is to enhance our position as a leading musculoskeletal innovator, identifying new growth opportunities through a number of attractive portfolio additions and shaping future solutions for the evolving healthcare industry. And now I'd like to ask Regina to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, on the first part, Matt, there hasn't been a change in the view of our net synergies. We're developing the detailed plans, and we're very confident in what we expressed at the point of the initial announcement of the combination. With respect to the regulatory process as well, the analysis that was the basis for our decision to move forward remains very much in line with what we're experiencing. We see this as being an aspect of the process that is absolutely manageable. We're confident that we're going to get the transaction cleared and look to consummate the combination in the first quarter of 2015. So everything on both fronts is tracking very consistent with the analysis that led to the execution and announcement of the deal in the first instance.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that the dynamics have been pretty consistent. As we've said, we're very transparent and provide a fair amount of granularity on the pricing every quarter, Matt. And as we said, the sequential decline from about 2.3% to 2.8% in our case was principally driven by the biannual adjustment that was anticipated in Japan that came in within a range of what was expected. So we're right about at the midpoint of what we guided to back in January. Our expectation was for the full year on price, which was a range of minus 2% to minus 3%. And I think that probably in the short term, commercial execution of new product launches and taking advantage of the mix opportunities are the area for us to focus on to offset some of the price pressure. But again, the price pressure has been pretty consistent.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, we're going to put plans together that are directed and focused on unique aspects of each of those businesses. It's the case as we've had discussions with people that some of the fear around the distribution channel, I think, is more premised upon what one has seen through combinations outside of the large joints side. And so we need to learn from those lessons, both ones that we'd experienced in the past, as well as ones that others have experienced. I think the historic track record on the large joints side is quite good on combining the distribution channels and retaining the momentum of the businesses. So we're going to look at developing these plans unique for each of those business units, and we'll take a bit different approach as necessary and as is consistent with our longer-term vision as to how we want those channels to be structured to make sure that we're growing at or above market in each product category in each of the geographic segments.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I don't think that the market is slowing. I think that the market is in a range of something that should properly be characterized as stable, certainly across the global markets, that's the case. Within the United States, which has obviously been the area of a lot of focus coming out of the fourth quarter 2013 with the uptick that we saw, I do think that you're going to see some shift in seasonality. We clearly saw that as far as a percentage of revenues for the total year that were generated in Q4. That was a bit of an outlier. And I do think that you're going to see some of that shift be retained in 2014. It's a bit of a question as to how much or whether or not that trend will even continue further, but it was something that we saw in the fourth quarter. As you look at the sequential patterns from Q1 to Q2 in 2014, they're actually pretty consistent with historic trends. So again, on a global basis, this is a stable market. And I think that as we get into the second half, we'll all gain insight as to how much of that seasonality shift is permanent, whether or not that's going to continue as an expanded trend.
David C. Dvorak: I don't at all believe that. If you look at the announcement date, we announced the transaction and our entering the agreement for the transaction on the 24th of April. And so you essentially had 2 months. And we're just not seeing signs of that, Bob. I think that this is for us to improve our performance relative to the opportunity we have with the product bag and the new product introductions. And so, as I said, big area of focus for us in the second half of the year.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Derrick. The launch of Persona continues to be a success story for us. We've got some other categories in some of the legacy knee business that we need to improve our performance upon, but we're tracking in a consistent manner with expectations on the capability to take that system into competitive accounts and not only get trialing but convert business. So the promise of Persona is unchanged relative to the prior conversations and discussions we've had. And as far as the go-forward view as to -- on a combined basis, we absolutely believe that we're going to be able to, in the initial stages, grow the combined business at market. And obviously, as we complete the integration post-closing in the quarters, an operating period or 2 thereafter, we would expect to accelerate above market growth rates within the musculoskeletal industry.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I wouldn't say that any significant portion of it is based upon a revised view of pricing. Again, if you go back to the January call, we provided some specific visibility to what we're anticipating for the year, and that was a range of negative 2% to negative 3%. We're bang on in the middle of that halfway through the year. So that really doesn't impact our go-forward view. So you pull that out to volume and mix, and both of those are highly related to our commercial execution. And coming out of Q2 here that we're going to focus on, obviously, for improvement in the United States commercial execution.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, we're confident. We're confident. We've got all the necessary ingredients, talent in the field, the right product offerings, a whole variety of terrific new products and innovative solutions that either are launched or are in the process of being launched. So we're going to be in good shape as we consummate the combination and move forward. And I think that the other side, on the Biomet side, they're doing good work and continuing their strong momentum. So our goal is, obviously, independent of one another, to maintain the momentum so that we hit that start line and -- with good boat's feet. And I think that I'm very confident at this point that we're going to be able to achieve that objective and then take it forward from there.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think that there are just a lot of new systems and the number of players within that space has broadened in a pretty significant way over the course of the last operating period or 2. So we've enjoyed a nice position historically within that market. And we have some important new innovations, including the PSI offering for upper extremities. We continue to drive nice gains and growth with our Trabecular Metal Reverse Shoulder. And suffice it to say that we have some other things in the pipeline that are going to help us ensure that the trialing doesn't become a permanent conversion in the go-forward quarters, okay.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think I would tell you that from a starting point, we've made the statements and commitments to retain all of the sales positions for both entities. And that's really important because from our perspective, we're going to have a broader set of solutions and offerings in order to fully leverage the cross-selling opportunities that come with this combination. We're going to need all of that sales talent, and there's a pretty extraordinary level of sales talent in both sides of these organizations. So the design of that distribution channel, all of that work is in process at this point in time, with the leadership teams having been established. And in the coming weeks, months, they're going to continue to make good progress on that front, but it's premised upon retaining the sales positions and fully leveraging all of the products and solutions the combined entity will possess. So that is the fundamental value creator from the company's perspective on a combined basis. It's also the primary value creator from the customers' standpoint, and will align the sales folks' opportunity to do really well economically in accordance with achieving the objective and realizing the full potential.
David C. Dvorak: No, there aren't. I think that the toughest thing to predict is off of last year's uptick, how much of that seasonality shift that we saw last year will become baked into 2014 and future periods and as a consequence, a permanent seasonality shift as opposed to more of a onetime acceleration in Q4 from 2013.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, everything that we've had by way of experience on the regulatory submission process and ultimately path towards clearance is very consistent with the due diligence that we conducted leading up to the announcement of the transaction. So nothing at all out of line with expectations, and the work streams are moving forward and the teams on both sides are being very responsive to the request. So we, again, would just express confidence that the transaction will be cleared and that from a timing standpoint, the expectation continues to be the first quarter of 2015.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that what I was expressing is that the Persona launch continues on track, Matt, and consistent with our expectations. I, in response to one of the prior questions, was referencing the fact that the legacy business needs to be strengthened and our support for that business. So some of that is probably, naturally, a high level of focus and energy on the Persona launch executing well on that front and needing to ensure that at the same time, we're taking advantage of the opportunities that we have in other product categories, as well as providing a high level of attention and focus on the legacy business, including the NexGen business, importantly within the knee category. So it's blocking and tackling on the commercial execution side that is going to lead to the improvement that we look to drive in the second half of the fiscal year. And I don't think that there's anything related to the deal announcement of significance, and I don't think that there's any big unknown in relation to that. So I think we know what we need to do.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think that, that's right. And I think that if you look at our performance sequentially last year, it improved as the year progressed. I think that in the rhythm of the operating period, there's a little bit of a bolus of activity on the front end of the year to get the compensation plans and instrument set deployments launched that are part of the operating plan year. We've done that. We would expect to get those turns up and to start retrieve some of the benefits from those first quarter and second quarter activities and hopefully get on a track that looks a lot like the sequential improvement that we saw in the second half of 2013 within the United States. I mean, there's no doubt that we continue to track fine relative to the market, above market performance on a global basis in the knee category and likely a bit above market performance in the United States as well.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, I think there are always going to be dynamics that relate to the alignment in management across the different aspects of the business, Matt. And whether it's a distraction because of a big launch in a large joint category on one side or the other, or some other dynamic taking place, whether it's an internal organizational matter or something more significant like this combination. But look, winners are going to react as winners do. They're going to step up and perform in those circumstances, and we're going to see that prevail. We're going to see people that believe in the promise of this combination and the capability not only to cross-sell upon the day of closing, but the broader promise of being able to innovate in a truly differentiated way because of what this combination brings and want to be part of that. And I am absolutely confident that at the rep level and the territory leader level, we're going to put together a team of talent that is going to be unmatched in the industry. And whether or not there's some bump and grind along the way to getting there, one would expect that there would be some of that, but that's our responsibility to manage it. And again, the closer I get to the talent, I know our group and learn more about the Biomet group, I'm absolutely convinced that the capability resides within that channel. And we're going to act in a manner that's consistent with the articulation of the promise of this combination and the manner to bring that out. So we're very confident, Matt, that we're going to land in a good place. So with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8 a.m. on October 23. I'll turn the call back to you, Regina.
James T. Crines: Sure. Bob, this is Jim. Just on the gross margin question, we guided coming into the year a gross margin ratio at 73% to 74%. We're still guiding to that same range. So we had good visibility coming into the year as to what the opportunity would be on gross margin and, frankly, still have good visibility to how we're going to achieve that. In the second half, as I indicated, the lower anticipated manufacturing variance is really the principal difference in getting from kind of where we are in the second quarter to where we expect to be in the second half of the year. There's also some differences, some favorability and hedge gains second half relative to the first half. But I would tell you, the more significant contributor to the difference in gross margin ratios between both the first and second quarters, as well as the step-up from second quarter into the second half, have to do with manufacturing variances. And those are largely connected with the operational and quality excellence initiatives that we have underway. Those variances -- negative variances were largely incurred in the second half of last year, that's why we had good visibility as to how they were going to impact on this year. Those are largely amortized off now through the first half of the year. And we have visibility now to the actual variances that were incurred in the first half that will impact on the second half and why we feel confident in the step-up we're anticipating in the second half of the year relative to the second quarter.
James T. Crines: Derrick, this is Jim. I think it's fair to assume that we have teams that are very focused and working with outside subject matter experts kind of helping us identify where those opportunities are to either drive a lower effective tax rate for the combined entity going forward and/or just as importantly, determine how we might be able to get access to the cash that's going to be accumulating offshore connected with the businesses overseas and the revenues and profits that are being generated overseas. And so there's a real focus on it, a dedicated effort. Smart people with a lot of expertise that are going to continue to work the issues and determine how we can optimize both the effective tax rate, as well as our -- the opportunity to access the cash flow that's going to be -- or the cash that's going to be accumulating offshore. But beyond that, I'm not -- we're not at a stage where we could provide any more specific guidance.
James T. Crines: Yes, we continue to pick up share with that product really, frankly, very pleased with the progress that we're making. There's more opportunity in front of us, and that team is focused on taking full advantage of those opportunities to get that product listed on formularies where it's not currently listed on formularies, just as 1 example. I don't want to and we don't want to get into providing brand sales information on these calls. We have hundreds of brands, Derrick. So I know as much as you're interested in for the tracking how that particular one is doing, I'm not going to provide any more specific information than that.
James T. Crines: I guess if you look at the year-to-year comparisons, Mike, it's a modest improvement year-to-year. But in absolute terms, it's probably somewhere in the range of 40 -- short of 40 basis points in terms of contribution in each of those quarters, in Q3 and Q4. And yes, going into next year, and we know, with the hedging program, what it does is provides protection for an operating period or sometimes a little more than an operating period. And we have that much time to get whatever sort of things we need to get in place, whether it's adjustments in pricing or reductions in standard costs to offset whatever decline we might otherwise see in gross margins as a consequence of currency changes. So it's only a headwind to the extent that we don't offset it with cost savings and/or price changes. And then as I pointed out to Bob, you understand as well, I think everybody understands, the headwind associated with the medical device tax in this year's numbers, which will not have, obviously, going into next year because it'll be fully -- obviously, fully reflected in the margin as we get through the end of this year.
James T. Crines: Yes, Mike, this is Jim. As we indicated when we made the announcement, we anticipate spending somewhere in the range -- somewhere in the order of $400 million on costs to integrate. So that would -- within it, would be an estimate of what we expect to spend on both retention and integration. And it would be separated out, if you will, excluded to arrive at our cash earnings measure.
James T. Crines: No change in the expectations with respect to year 1 accretion, so still in a range of $1.15 to $1.25. As you pointed out, midpoint of our guidance for 2014 EPS on an adjusted basis is $6.05. And we haven't, at this stage, obviously, given guidance for 2015 EPS for Zimmer on a standalone basis. So you'll have to make whatever assumptions you feel sort of appropriate with respect to what kind of growth. We're going to continue to run the business, and we would certainly continue to run the business the way we have been over the past number of years, driving leverage, earnings growth off of the top line opportunity that still view to be somewhere in the range of low to mid-single digits. So that hopefully provides you with at least a little bit of direction on how to think about the expectation that we have for the combined entity for 2015.
James T. Crines: Sure. Well, as we've talked about over the past couple of operating periods, we continue to experience some pressure, particularly at the high end of our price curves. And particularly in the U.S. market, which has traditionally, just in terms of healthcare service providers, has been a somewhat fragmented market. It's becoming a lot less fragmented, obviously, with hospitals consolidating, large integrated networks coming together and doing their purchasing across those entire networks. That will continue, but we have been able to provide very clear guidance on what our expectations are. That guidance really hasn't changed. It's been typically in that range of around minus 2%, minus 3%. We do know, with respect to the consolidated sort of outlook and we'll again provide some guidance when we get to that point with respect to 2015. But at least in 2015, we will again anniversary out of the Japan biennial price cuts. So that'll provide at least a bit of a tailwind as we get into the back half of 2015. It's hard to say sort of exactly when we would expect to see those pricing trends, particularly within the U.S. market, begin to stabilize. But the strategies that we're developing and the tactics that'll be deployed within the U.S. market will certainly be directed at bringing more stability, if you will, particularly as we provide concessions to account at the higher end of the curve.
James T. Crines: Yes, and just with respect to the $70 million, the majority of that is related to the financing, which covers, at this stage, both the bridge financing, as well as the bank syndication, which is done in the credit facility. As well, there's some significant fees associated with the integration planning process, which is underway, legal fees associated with the application process here in the U.S. and in Europe, as well as some financial advisory fees associated with the process we'll go through to begin to value the entity that we're acquiring. So that covers what's included in the $70 million.
