Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Suky. And in closing, it's clear that the impact of COVID-19 is real and obviously material for ZB. But we do think it's also clear that ZB is positioned to address the challenge.  And again, if I can leave you with those same 5 things, I just want to make sure that we get these points across as I think you've been able to hear. We absolutely feel confident in our ability to keep our team members safe, and that will remain our 1 priority as an organization. We have a very high level of confidence in our liquidity and financial flexibility to manage through this challenge. We have confidence in the recovery. It's just a question of the timing of that recovery, but a high level of confidence in the patient funnel being there. And we will continue to invest in key R&D and commercial projects. The fifth piece is that we truly do believe that given some of the changes we've put into place as an organization over the past 2 years, we will come through COVID-19 stronger than when we entered it.  What we know is we have the absolute right team at ZB, and I want to thank each and every one of them for the amazing job they're doing right now. But we are highly confident that we're positioned to deliver value to our customers, our patients and importantly, to our shareholders.  And with that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Keri to move into the Q&A portion of the call.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Yes, Chris. I'll tell you, it's -- I don't know that I would agree with the statement, to be honest. I think that you've got such a confusing quarter given day rate differences, given mix of business in certain parts of the world that may or may not have been hit as hard as other parts of the world from the COVID-19 issue.  I think it's really challenging to look at this quarter in particular, truthfully any quarter, but this quarter in particular, and try to draw too much conclusion about either share gain, share loss, that type of thing. What I would say, though, is that we were feeling actually very good about our performance in both hips and knees before COVID-19, again, pretty much in every region.  I was actually looking forward to this earnings call before COVID-19 because I was pretty confident. Based on the trend that we were seeing, everyone was going to be very happy with the performance that we had. So it's very difficult for me to know exactly what's going on with my competitors. But I would say is almost across the board, I'd say the performance is a little better than I expected. And pretty much everybody in their earnings call did reference the fact that they were feeling confident about their business. Now again, it's 1 quarter, but that would indicate that everybody felt that the momentum in Q1 was good. That ultimately bodes well for all of us. So I'd like to see us do well, and I'd like to see our competitors do well. That's actually a good thing, all those rise in those situations. So again, very difficult to be able to draw parallel to what our numbers look like versus somebody else for all the reasons that I mentioned. But the general momentum and the feedback and the messaging that I'm hearing bodes well for the market at least pre COVID-19.
Bryan Hanson: Absolutely, Chris. It's tough because, as I said in my prepared remarks, I have a high level of confidence, not just me, by the way. This isn't my assumption. This is us talking to literally thousands of surgeons around the world on a weekly basis to find out how they're feeling about it as well. And there's clearly a lot of confidence around the large majority of patients coming back. Again, there's a lot of question marks on when it's going to happen. As I referenced before, there's a lot more complexity to this particular situation just given the volume of patients that are being deferred. As I mentioned, OR capacity will absolutely be something that we're going to have to consider, particularly in certain parts of the world. This access to PPE and test kits will be a factor. There's no question. And really just when the patient's going to be ready to come back in.  So to be able to put a specific time frame in place is challenging. So what I would tell you is that my confidence is how they're going to come back. And we'll not only get to pre COVID revenue numbers, I believe we'll surpass that. We'll see a positive tailwind come when these patients come back in the funnel, and we'll see extraordinary growth at some point. I just can't give you the specific time.  Generally speaking, as we think about it, as we provided in the script, we would say April is the most difficult, for sure, month that we're going to see. And we're going to see sequential improvement from there until we get back to normal. And then at some point, I would expect, again, extraordinary revenue numbers coming in as that patient funnel comes back into the mix.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I think it's -- again, it's very difficult to say because there's so many moving pieces and parts, but just logical extension argument would suggest that patients may feel, may feel, I want to make sure that I say that, may feel more comfortable coming into an ASC setting versus an acute setting like a hospital. And again, we won't know that for a fact until we actually see the patients come back and get a true assessment of how much of those patients are coming back to the ASC versus the hospital. But one could assume that there would be some desire to not go into an acute facility and feel more comfortable in an ASC setting. And again, we'll know that when it happens.  What I would tell you is that pretty much across the board, our procedures -- most of the procedures can be done in ASC setting, where our big volume comes in. And what we're seeing out of the gate, to be honest, is a higher volume of recovery in Revision cases versus your standard knee cases or hip cases. So clearly, those patients that have a desire to get in given kind of "a more acute issue" seem to be coming in first.  But again, it's very difficult to say. It's pretty fluid, as I've suggested, but I would expect, generally speaking, that momentum towards ASC to continue. We don't see whether it accelerates or not. And I would expect those patients that are more acute and have a higher level of desire to get back in to come into the funnel first.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. What I would tell you is, first of all, thanks for the question. We're -- we remain very excited about ROSA and just overall robotics and the desire to bring robotics into orthopedics. And there's nothing that we've seen in the short term that at all, in any way, shape or form, changes that viewpoint. We truly do believe robotics is going to be the future of orthopedics.  What I would tell you is just honestly, as Suky mentioned, it had a very little impact for us anyway in Q1. And that's not surprising. It's not even concerning. The fact is most of the sales of a robotics program or capital program in general comes towards the end of the quarter. And I think as everybody knows, a lot of our robotics sales have been in the U.S. And so when the U.S. got hit so hard in the back half of the quarter, it's not surprising that a lot of those opportunities that we had got deferred.  The good news is that we're not seeing cancellation of any of the deals that we had in place. We're seeing deferment of those, and we're continuing to see very strong demand for robotics overall. Still seeing people trying to get queued up for training, which is a very good leading indicator of where robotics is going to go. And so we feel good about it.  We will absolutely flex with our customers. If customers are in challenging situations, remember, we have different ways, as we've said from the very beginning, of placing robotic systems. The real goal for us is to get them placed. And we'll work with our customers if they need flexibility in the way they acquire those systems and place those systems to make sure that we're flexing for their needs. The fact is we've got to remember that the major benefits associated with ROSA or robotics placement isn't necessarily the capital sale upfront. It's nice to have, no question about it, but it's really more around the annuity.  And also, quite frankly, when you do place these systems with the right type of contracting strategy, you also see kind of a by-product effect of better pricing stability because you typically get longer-term contracts in place. But if I just look at the annuity revenue associated with it, you get disposable revenue that is an uptick to the share of wallet you get in every procedure that is dedicated and needed for a ROSA procedure. You get the pull-through of competitive volume just kind of naturally occurs when you get a ROSA system in place, and you also get the service agreement.  So for us, this idea of flexing to help our customers in a time of need is real. We will need to do that, but the strategy holds. We've got to make sure that we're getting ROSA placements in, getting more robotics out, so it can help the patients with better accuracy and, ultimately, certainly helps the overall market growth as well.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I don't have -- I'll just hit the second question first. I don't have specifics on the normal time line as we referenced. I would say it's more likely next year, though, if I was just going to give you a very broad view of when I think it's going to come. It could be earlier than that, but it's very difficult to say. There's just a lot of moving pieces and parts right now.  When I talk about mymobility, I think there's -- in any crisis situation, there's this opportunity to move away from crisis management to crisis optimization. mymobility is a platform that we've had out for a while that has a good traction. But I can tell you the interest in an application like mymobility that allows for virtual interaction with the patient has gone up fivefold since this whole thing has started, with the social distancing requirements. And people really have a significant interest to get it out. That was the reason why we came out with the LE, how do we do this in a way that allows for absolute rapid deployment while still giving most of the characteristics of mymobility to the patient and to the surgeons so they can enjoy it while they're in this unnatural kind of COVID environment.  So the positive news is demand for this type of technology has gone up dramatically. And our team is pivoting very quickly to make sure that we have the right launch of mymobility to be able to take advantage of that and to make sure that we're deploying it in those accounts that are interested as quickly as possible.  So again, I'd rather not have the situation happening right now. But the fact is it is opening up people's eyes to this type of technology, and that benefits us because we already had it.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. What I'd say, Larry, is that I don't -- to my view anyway, I don't see any real difference in pricing pressure. I mean, the fact is we've had austerity measures in the past. We have constant bombardment on pricing pressure every day of our lives, and I could certainly see where people might be looking for more. But the fact is there are competitive forces in place that would -- the pricing doesn't go down unless somebody gets the pricing. And I truly do believe in this situation. You're going to find that pricing will continue to be similar to what we've seen in the past. It's still not an attractive pricing environment. 2% to 3% is what we've always said. But I'd be surprised in the short term if we see anything deviate dramatically from that.  As a matter of fact, as I said before, what we're really focused on right now is leveraging broader contracting, either in concert with ROSA placements or robotic placements or just cross-business contracting using multiple categories, with the idea that we would be able to help our customers in the time of need, have longer-term contracts. And as a result of that longer-term contract, actually have more pricing stability. That will be our focus. I don't want to predict better pricing, but I also don't want to predict worse pricing in the short term here.
Bryan Hanson: Suky, why don't you go ahead and tackle that? And then I've got some color commentary afterwards. I'll provide it.
Bryan Hanson: Just one additional comment on that. I think Suky's right on the money. But also it's very clear, when revenue comes back, that obviously has a direct and almost immediate impact to margins in a positive way. As we have some deferred expenses, hit that, it could delay it a little bit. But the fact is nothing is better than increased revenue growth to enhance margins.  And remember, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and I believe Suky did as well, we do have our restructuring program in place live and well. And the whole intent behind that restructuring program is to be able to continue to invest for growth, but do so while expanding margins. And we're pretty explicit the last time that we had talked about our goals associated with those margins. And the hope is this gets behind us, and we get right back on track with what we had predicted the last time.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I think I'll hit the second one first. I think, trauma, obviously, will be the one to rebound more quickly. It's been down, obviously, and what you know is people just aren't out. And as a result of not being on, not being active, trauma business just gets hurt. But the fact is, as people start to get to street again and start to move again, we would clearly expect trauma to be the thing that recovers the fastest.  Recon would be next for us. And even the acuity level of those recon patients would kind of dictate who comes first into the funnel. And then dental would clearly be the cleanup in the way that I would look at it, be the last to recover for obvious reasons associated with the dental marketplace.  When I think about the impact that economic downturn has on ortho, I think, in the past, we've seen that it can have an impact. What we're doing when we're modeling this out, David, when you just think about the number of moving pieces and parts, we're assuming that the natural business, the natural growth of the business remains pretty consistent, that you're going to see the typical patient flow that would have been coming in over the rest of this year, over next year when things recover. And then you're going to see that incremental patient flow come because of those deferred patients.  So if anything for me, when I think about 2021 and potentially even beyond, I think we could have an opportunity as a market, which would be a false positive, but I think we could have a situation where you're seeing extraordinary growth during that time rather than depressed growth because of any kind of economic recovery issue. But that's just, again, just my view, based on data points that we're getting from folks that are out there in the world and what they're seeing and then also our own teams.  I would just tell you too, right now, we have an unprecedented amount of outreach to our customers. This is not just us sitting in a room, thinking about what's going on. We literally have thousands of touch points every week to surgeons and customers around the world to get insights. We're loading that through our sales force program, and we're able to use those insights to be able to give us a view of what we should expect. But that's just my personal overview based on those insights that I have right now.
