David C. Dvorak: Thanks, Jim. Zimmer's strong performance in the Americas and Asia Pacific geographies, as well as in several key product categories, contributed to our accelerated top line growth in the third quarter. These results continue to validate the company strategy for growth, quality and operational excellence and disciplined capital management while groundbreaking new offerings, such as Persona, the personalized knee system, continue to build our profile as the world leader in reconstructive orthopedic technologies. Our expansion into early intervention solutions and adjacent product categories is extending our reach across the continuum of musculoskeletal care. We're confident that these critical elements of our value creation framework will help support our continued growth. And now, I'd like to ask Toni to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. We're excited about the success of that launch. And probably the most exciting thing is that it's still early in the process of such a large system launch. As you know, these things roll out with -- paced by instrument sets. And those deployments take time and it'll be multiple operating periods. And furthermore, there are technologies that will be integrated into that system in a phased approach as part of our multiyear generational product development plan. So there are more great things to come under the Persona umbrella. To date, it's been a balance of a mix of legacy Zimmer clinicians that have come from NexGen use or NK II use, as well as competitive surgeons. I would tell you that the competitive surgeon usage is not insignificant even at this stage in time. If you look at -- we're not going to break out in a detailed way the percentage of units or revenues that are flowing from those different sources. But rest assured that we're tracking that and deploying a very careful and methodical strategy as it relates to that mix. If you look at where we started the year, particularly on the U.S. knee performance side of things to where we progressed in the third quarter, it's pretty apparent that not all of that could possibly, by way of improvement, come from mere mix and premium charge by transitioning legacy Zimmer surgeons over to the Persona system. So there's a healthy portion of that acceleration coming from competitive surgeons.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I mean, we address the macroeconomic conditions, so I'm happy to fix that geography. I think that it continues to be a slow geography particularly in several of the developed markets, and we have a large presence in those markets, market share-wise. So that makes it difficult for us to post the kind of numbers that we had been posting over the last several years. As those developed markets slow down, we continue to do very well in the developing markets. And then our performance within the primary 5 developed markets within Europe is a bit mixed. I would tell you that there are certain of them where we're doing well, others where we have more work to do. And I think that we've got the right plan in place to accelerate our performance. Obviously, within the product categories, we're going to put a lot of energy towards improving our hip performance in the coming quarters. But I think we have the right portfolio, the right leadership and the right strategic plans to make those improvements in the coming quarters.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. We're not going to break out that contribution. But relative to the category growth, it's not material.
David C. Dvorak: Well, I think it's a whole category of bringing technologies, both for preoperative and interoperative purposes, to advance the outcome of these procedures is a valid one. And I think if anything, the deals that are getting announced support the strategy that we've been executing over the last half dozen or more years, and that is to develop implant systems that are much more personalized that offer broader options in a clinically relevant way. And part of what will enable the deployment of those systems are these preoperative and intraoperative technologies that can lead to more precise planning beforehand, more precise implantation, alignment soft tissue balancing in the OR, and address the patient satisfaction opportunity that is out there particularly in the knee category. So the major premise is sound now and people can take a different course on that ocean. And the course that we take and then continue to believe in is that something that is technologically advanced but sort of smaller, faster, cheaper is going to be the winning path towards success in that environment. And if you look at our internal and external development efforts over the last many years, they've combined to produce a really nice portfolio of preoperative and interoperative technologies that include portal technologies for digital templating and planning that include the ISS system, that is a guidance system that is used interoperatively; the eLIBRA system for soft tissue balancing; Patient Specific Instruments and all of those systems are integrated into the launch of an advanced total joint opportunity in the context of Persona. And you can see what we're doing with that even in the early stages. So again, I think that the opportunity and the clinical need is out there. Doing that, addressing that need and creating broader portfolio of opportunities, to personalize solutions in the hands of surgeons without dis-intermediating those surgeons, is where we're headed and we're well on our way towards addressing that need. So we're excited about this space. We think that there is room for innovation, and we think it's going to be a difference maker. The key is we're deploying strategies that we're confident are going to be not only clinically relevant and address that need but to do it in a cost-effective way.
David C. Dvorak: Again, I think that's very consistent with our continuum of care approach. We've assembled again through internal and external development earlier intervention strategies. And we want to be the most comprehensive provider of solutions to the extent that one can. We have a leading product in the Uni category. And the bicruciate concept is really an extension of Uni that is to address any of the 3 compartments of the knee that are diseased and to do it in the most bone-conserving and tissue-sparing way. So the concept is absolutely consistent with our continuum of care and comprehensive approach and philosophy. And you should assume that anything that we believe is going to work from a clinical standpoint, we're either working on internally or looking at externally.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. I just -- obviously, the unit growth that we're seeing is an acceleration. And we're -- in the knee category, it's picked up on a global basis or all-in accelerated. But the majority of that acceleration for us at least came out of the U.S. marketplace. And a little bit of that is challenging to disaggregate because we believe that we're taking share by surgeon customers with the Persona launch. But again, the market is healthy within our existing and legacy accounts as well. Hips look like they picked up as well on a global basis or as an all-in number. And that acceleration looks like it was spaced out geographically within and outside the U.S. both.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Derrick. I think that on a consolidated basis globally, there was not a full billing day. But when you work through the weighting of it, there was sort of 0.5 billing day all in. And you can calculate that out to be something in the range of 0.5 point of the growth that you saw. So obviously, that doesn't carry into the Q4. I think Jim, Jim outlined one of the categories that obviously we'll anniversary as we get into the fourth quarter with the growth rate that we've been seeing out of the surgical business. And there are some others, but we would expect to continue the overall momentum and progress that we're making within all of these product categories. And would expect in particular to see continued good performance coming out of the 2 main geographies that we saw in the third quarter, that is the Americas and Asia Pacific.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. It's a good question, and we are in that range that you described. And within that range, pretty consistent relative to second quarter, but we're making progress in establishing the various elements of the distribution channel. It just needs to be viewed as a multiyear process to establish those channels. Because there's a cadence to that throughout the operating year to get on and get the opportunity for scripts to get written and to get on the preferred list within some of those networks. And so that is going to be a multiyear process for us. I think that the launch is going well relative to our plans and our expectations. And we continue to believe that there's going to be a nice opportunity for us for multiple operating periods going forward to help generate growth.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. We are familiar with the reference that you make to what may happen in the physician Medicare payment rule-making. I would tell you that to start with, what is rumored to be contemplated by way of a process in an administrative law context is pretty questionable. I think that the idea of those rule-making processes is to ensure that those administrative agencies follow a level of transparency and if there's an opportunity to be heard to ensure that whatever rules are promulgated are in the interest of the various constituencies that they are intending to serve. So the concept of a rate reduction coming sort of in the 11th hour in a way that has not been fully vetted through that rule-making processes is certainly disturbing, just by way of a process. I think that causes me to have faith that, that would not occur in the manner that's rumored. But no one can have absolute assurance that it wouldn't happen if it were to happen. Again, you're into another layer of speculation as to what the effect would be. I don't think it would be helpful to patients that are in need of these solutions. I don't think it would be helpful to attracting the next generation of surgeons. But whether or not that would have a quantifiable impact on the procedure rate is subject to, as I've stated, several layers of speculation. So I don't really know how to characterize that at this point in time. And I continue to have faith that people are going to follow a process that makes more sense than, under the cover of darkness, promulgating some substantial reduction to the reimbursement rates for the surgeons that perform these procedures.
David C. Dvorak: Sure, Matt. I think the quarter that we saw, at least as it relates to the Americas and Asia Pacific markets, are consistent with the range of opportunity that I think most people have seen, just by sheer math of the aging patient population within those markets and the need for these procedures, probably whatever the dynamics are, whether it's a perspective of stability within the economy or other behavioral drivers to go ahead and get the procedure done. And as we've seen the knee procedure rate has been a little bit more volatile from quarter-to-quarter than maybe hips. And there's some reasons for that, that make good sense as far as the pain characteristics for those patients that will drive that. So I think that what we saw in those markets is in fact consistent with the opportunity and the need from a patient perspective. Whether or not that's going to be sustained in a perfect manner in subsequent quarters is sort of anyone's guess at this point, frankly. And it's just something that we're going to continue to monitor very carefully. I think that there is opportunity to accelerate just by sheer demand and need within the EMEA market going forward.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. I think that the spine market for us obviously, that's a -- it's a smaller business. And we're in the midst of making a lot of progress with respect to our strategy to build out our core fusion offering. So much of our progress is going to be measured by the launch of those products, the complete -- the full offering, and we're well on our way. I would tell you that between now and the end of next year, most of those fundamental systems are planned to be launched and that bag should become quite full. And so every quarter that goes by, it becomes more of a sales execution matter for us than anything else. I don't think that we saw substantial changes within the marketplace. I don't think that we saw substantial changes in procedure rates for those market dynamics or pricing. So I think it's more of a Zimmer Spine-specific set of opportunities that are dictating our performance within that market. But when you're looking for broader characterizations of the market, it just is more difficult for us to do that in that product category, due to our relative size as compared to large joints, for instance.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. That's a category that obviously has been one of the fastest growing over the last handful of years, and we haven't competed in that space. And it's really a good example of what we're doing by virtue of the combination of internal and external development to build out that portfolio. So it's an exclusive agreement that we've entered into. So this is a Zimmer-branded product that we're going to be distributing on a global basis. We like this system. There's some differentiated features to the locking plate. And we think that we have some opportunity even for further claim expansion within that product category. But it fits really well with our MIS focus. We have a very nice base of MIS technologies and intellectual property within that space. And this, the LCC, is going to fit right into that area of focus and build out a category that as I said, we had not completed in really whatsoever historically.
David C. Dvorak: I think that the market -- the performances within the Americas and Asia Pacific region were within a range of market. The slowdown for us in the overall number really comes primarily out of the European market. Again, we have a significant share and position within some of those developed markets that are at slow growth rates or contracting at this point in time due to some of the austerity measures and even the price down pressures within those markets. I do think that those developed markets over time will stabilize primarily because there continues to be patient demand. And I think that, that demand is going to have to get satisfied. So the longer-term view of those markets is one of seeing it stabilize and that's going to help our business. But in the meantime, we need to sharpen our skills and our execution within those markets. So I don't think that there are significant product gaps. I think that we can drive a better performance in all 3 geographic segments, but probably have the most room for improvement within our EMEA business.
David C. Dvorak: Those are businesses that, along with a couple of the others that we've put underneath the umbrella of global businesses, are obviously a bit more challenging because of the scale and size of those businesses. One has to resource those businesses to ensure that there is the full complement of leadership team in place, that there is a reinvestment in research and development and medical training and education et cetera and ensuring that there really is a fully developed global distribution footprint. So these are all businesses that we think technologies can be leveraged across from whether it's boney in-growth technologies with Trabecular Metal biologics capabilities. And so they're very central to our musculoskeletal theme in that regard. But at any given point in time, we're going to allocate our resources in accordance with highest opportunity and the best opportunity we have to create value. And so the relative positioning within our overall portfolio is going to be determined by a methodical strategic planning process to ensure that any of those business units is adequately resourced, but not at the same time crowding out our opportunities to create value even in the core franchise of large joints. And that's a balance that we look to strike and rebalance every year as we go through and refresh our strategic plan and then translate those determinations into an operating plan.
David C. Dvorak: Sure. As I spoke to that topic earlier in this call, I again believe that, that kind of a transaction, if anything, validates the major premise that we've been operating under. And that is the right technologies, both preoperatively and interoperatively, can advance the cause towards providing more personalized solutions and putting those solutions and broader portfolio choices in the hands of surgeons. We've been at this for a half-dozen-plus years in earnest through internal and external development, and believe that our technologies that have been assembled, preoperative planning systems; our ISS; our eLIBRA; the PSI, Patient Specific Instrument offerings are very consistent with addressing that clinical need to enhance the feedback data and capability for the surgeons to be very precise in the selection and implantation and alignment and soft tissue balancing. And as we converge these technologies, we think that not only will it lead to a better clinical outcome, it will lead to a more satisfied patient and be very much an enabler to continue down this path of expanding the options for surgeons, so that the implant systems themselves can be broadened in a cost-effective way and still improve into the future the patient outcomes and satisfaction rates. So we like the bets that we placed and the progress that we're making, and believe that we're very well positioned within that space.
David C. Dvorak: Absolutely. This isn't a 1-year commitment on our part. There's going to be continuity of commitment. And that particular product line is one of several, both again, through internal and external development efforts as we build out our portfolio. And we've done so in past years. We're going to have broader opportunities in coming periods in a category like our -- like the power tools. And we look to both continue to advance in product categories where we already have a presence and add to those. So we're quite confident that we're going to be able to continue to build on that business and see that as being a terrific platform for both growth and value creation in coming periods.
David C. Dvorak: Yes, part of our plan -- and that's a good question. It -- we're in a good position, I would tell you, both as it relates to the retractor systems necessary for lateral access as well as the neural monitoring which is, as you know, an important enabler and aspect of that technology. So it's part of a comprehensive strategy within that space, and we'll have all the elements necessary to enter that market and be successful.
David C. Dvorak: Yes. We think that we have a terrific portfolio on the hip side. And there is some natural dynamic along the lines that you described that -- we'll send your message out to the sales force to make sure that they're allocating their time in appropriate way. I will tell you that we're very cognizant of that behavioral dynamic, and we'll build plans and have incentive systems to ensure that we're winning in all categories. Because our overarching goal and expectation of ourselves is that we're going to outperform the market in every product category and every geographic segment. So that forms the basis for our discussions and refinement of our plans and no major gaps in our portfolio that wouldn't allow us to improve our performance in the hip category, concurrent with continuing to accelerate in the knee category. So with that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for your continued interest and support for Zimmer. We look forward to speaking to you on our fourth quarter conference call, which is scheduled for 8 a.m. on January 30, 2014. I'll turn the call back to you, Toni.
James T. Crines: Yes, this is Jim. That's really a function of the updated guidance on the average diluted share count for the full year, raising that share count to 171.5 million shares. That compares with the guidance that we provided very early in the year of about 170 million shares. And as I've looked at most of the analyst models that are out there, it seems to me that, that's where most of them still sit. But outside of that, we continue to drive operating leverage. The guidance, with respect to what's going on above the P&L in terms of top line, obviously, that guidance relative to where we are in the beginning of the year is now at the top end of the range we provided early in the year. We feel very good about the progress. We continue to make the drive operating leverage even in the face of lower gross margin ratio which is, as we've talked about, a function of what's happening with both the geographic and product mix of revenues we're seeing this year. So again, I mean, when you look at a top line growth of 4.8%, we're driving 5.3% growth in operating profit, 6% growth in pretax earnings, 6.7% growth in net earnings. We're just seeing less leverage from the share repurchase program than we had expected to see coming into the year, because we're seeing option exercises that are frankly 5x the average annual number of option exercises we had seen in the preceding 3-year period.
James T. Crines: Well, as we pointed out, Bob, we have taken in $325 million on the exercise to those options. And it is something that certainly we would give -- had given consideration to, we'll continue to give consideration to. We may very well choose to get more aggressive on the share repurchase program as a way to offset the impact obviously those option exercises are having on earnings per share. We haven't done that at this point, but obviously it's still an opportunity that we have going forward.
James T. Crines: I wouldn't make any assumptions. As I said, we've taken in quite a bit of money from the cash proceeds from those option exercises. And among other things, we'll consider getting more aggressive with the share repurchases. We'll -- as we have and continued to look for other opportunities as well to invest that capital. We've done a number of bolt-on acquisitions over the past couple of years. We're still very actively looking for opportunities to expand the portfolio so long as we can find things at the right price that fit within our focus on musculoskeletal health.
James T. Crines: Sure. So on the last call, we had indicated an expectation that for gross margin, the gross margin ratio that will be at or slightly above 74%. That was predicated on a set of assumptions with respect to mix of revenues, the anticipated hedge gains and all the other factors that impact on margin. Our updated guidance now, which is at or slightly below 74%, reflects the updated outlook that we've now provided on currency, which has come down a little bit relative to where we were last quarter, as well as our latest expectations with respect to mix of revenues and other factors. I can tell you that the kind of things that will provide us with the opportunity to get leverage on margin ratio going forward, one thing would be to sustain the performance that we're seeing within our highest-margin portfolio. That's our knee portfolio, particularly as we see the kind of growth we're seeing in developed markets, where we tend to have higher margins, markets like the U.S., Japan, Australia where we're seeing really healthy growth with that knee franchise. We will, in the short term have to, just given the way we're accounting for the medical device excise tax, absorb what will amount to somewhere in the neighborhood of approximately $10 million a quarter in charges. That's not fully reflected in this year's gross margin. That would be fully reflected obviously in next year's gross margin. One of the things I'd like to take into account as we develop our operating plans for 2014. As far as beyond 2014, when we do get that fully reflected in our margin ratio, we absolutely believe there's opportunity to get leverage on the margin line, particularly again with the kind of performance we're seeing within our highest-margin franchise.
James T. Crines: I'm just not prepared today to really get into what our expectations are for the margin ratio for 2014. That's something we will address on our next call.
James T. Crines: Well, I don't want to get into too much detail on giving product line revenue guidance. But I will say that the peak was really Q2, not Q3. We saw still obviously a very healthy growth with within that surgical products business in the third quarter. We continue to make very good progress in penetrating new accounts with that product line. We saw a better mix of revenues between capital and the single-use disposables in the third quarter. That's something that, as we said on the call, we expect it's going to continue to evolve. The comps do get a little tougher as we get into the fourth quarter. And we closed that acquisition early in the fourth quarter of last year. And certainly, the comps are going to get tougher as we get into 2014.
James T. Crines: I can give you some idea, Kim. This is Jim. When you look at year-over-year, which is how we typically look at it, the hedge gains that we're running through cost of goods in the quarter relative to hedge losses that we had experienced last year, provide a boost of somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 to 60 basis points in the gross margin ratio, and the fourth quarter gets a little better than that. I would tell you the more significant contributor to our expectations with respect to the fourth quarter is the continuing progress that we're making with the new product launches. And again, these -- we're talking about most significantly Persona and the impact that, that has on our gross margin ratio as we see higher growth of again a high-margin product within a developed -- within our developed markets where we tend to have higher gross margins, as well as the mix with respect to the surgical products continuing to move towards higher-margin disposables versus the lower-margin capital sales, which really dominated the surgical products revenue growth in the second and third quarters.
James T. Crines: We -- as we talked about with respect to our third quarter results, very pleased, as David said with the progress we're making. And we expect to sustain the momentum as we get into the fourth quarter.
James T. Crines: We've always said, Kim, and our strategy hasn't changed with respect to M&A. One, we're going to remain focused on musculoskeletal health. Two, we need to take a very disciplined approach in it, looking at any other opportunity, making sure that whatever price we'll have to pay is going to provide us with the opportunity to get to a certain level of return on invested capital within a reasonable time frame. We have -- it is the case that we find more of those opportunities when we look on -- when we look at both smaller sort of bolt-on transactions because of the way that we can leverage the sales channel, the global sales channel infrastructure that we have, putting these products that we acquire into our global sales channels and leveraging the existing relationships we have with orthopedic, generally orthopedic surgery customers. We're not opposed to doing a large deal. We'd consider it but, again, those same disciplines are going to apply.
James T. Crines: Sure. So we came into the year with an expectation that we would generate about $80 million of incremental savings on top of what we had already achieved in the prior 2 periods. And in the prior 2 periods, we were at about $120 million run rate. So we made good progress with this year's initiatives and do expect to exit the year where we thought we would be, which is somewhere in the neighborhood of just over $200 million of savings towards that $400 million target. It is the case that in this operating period and, again, this is something. [Audio Gap] We'll look as we work our way through the development of our final operating plan for next year that within the operating period some of those savings may get reinvested in support of new product launches, building out some of the sales -- dedicated sales support for some of these new product categories that we're getting into. But we continue to feel very good about the $400 million -- our ability to deliver on the $400 million target that we've set for 2016. As to how that's going to pace out between now and 2016 and how much of that we're going to see in 2014, it'd be in a better position to address that once we have locked down on the 2014 operating plan. And again, we'll be providing that, some of that detailed guidance on our next call.
James T. Crines: Sure. I don't know if I can tell you for sure. I'm not going to be able to give you a very detailed response to that question, Matt. As we've said in response to the couple of other questions, we're right now working our way through the operating plan for 2014. And some of what you're probing at, we're certainly going to be examining in great detail as we develop the operating plan for 2014. And we'll be able to provide at a high level at least some guidance in response to questions when we provide 2014 guidance on our next call. The -- certainly, the growth we're seeing in volumes. It's going to provide us with some opportunity to leverage our fixed costs across our manufacturing networks. The -- that in combination with all the work that we have still to do frankly on the operational excellence, as part of the operational excellence initiative that is focused on both our quality systems and our manufacturing processes, will ultimately drive down our -- we believe will ultimately put us in a position to be able to produce in a more reliable fashion, in a more consistent fashion, components that will likely be lower unit costs. But there's still a lot of work to do on that front. It is without a doubt the most complex of all of our innovate and improve initiatives. But we have assembled a very strong team with we feel the right kind of expertise to be working through those changes and look forward to the day when, as I said, we're going to have more streamlined, more efficient, higher-quality processes that are going to lead to, as I said, lower unit costs as well. So not only will we be able to take advantage of the opportunity of higher volumes across the network but we believe more efficient and better quality processes.
James T. Crines: Yes. I don't see that the Affordable Care Act is going to have necessarily a significant impact next year. When you look at the timing for those exchanges to get up and running and folks to gain access to coverage and care that otherwise may not have had that access or at least as directly, that's going to push into the year. And then obviously to the extent that they're seeking some type of assistance and care through the physician network and then ultimately referrals to specialists, just the staging of that is such that it's unlikely to have a significant impact, in our view, in 2014. I think that the broader question is, is it going to have a significant impact even in the intermediate to longer term? And that's subject to arguments as well relative to the average age for these patients. But one can build out a model that draws the conclusion on both sides of that position as to whether or not it's going to be a procedural accelerator. What we do know about the impact of the Affordable Care Act is we're going to, unless it's repealed, pay a significant amount of money in the form of the device tax. And in our case because of the accounting for that, it will impact more significantly in 2014 than '13.
Matthew S. Miksic: So a lot to talk about is -- and maybe drilling into the knee numbers just a little bit and sort of your progress there. I mean, it looks like some of the best growth numbers we've seen in 6 or 7 years, so congratulations on that launch.
Matthew S. Miksic: Taking a look at -- understanding that there's an opportunity that you're seeing materialize on the competitive front. Maybe as we've struggled through the last several years and seem to have the growth rate has dipped pretty significantly and now kind of heading back up, I think along the way we've all sort of guessed that where growth could be here, how far are we into the recovering volumes in total joint reconstruction? Is this something that you feel like sort of we're back and we're stable and this is kind of the market is where the market is? Or I'd love to get your thoughts on what you see for further improvements or what ought to be out there in terms of kind of patients have deferred over the years and so on. And then I have one follow-up for Jim.
Matthew S. Miksic: Great. And then just in terms of understanding that you do an awful lot of your own manufacturing and have for some time. I'd love to get a sense of 2 things maybe. And I don't know if you're willing to share where you are in terms of utilization and/or potentially kind of like run rates and sort of opportunity for just your highest-margin businesses as you produce more implants off of your manufacturing base. And looking out, I guess a follow-up on the restructuring, also kind of relevant to margins and leverage. Jim, if you could characterize what opportunities are out there in terms of inventories and optimizing the way that you're delivering these things to the market.
