Brian McKeon: We'll obviously provide more detail as we work through the year, but I think that's an accurate read, Nate, is that we've got a full year outlook of 9% to 10.5%. We'll have some benefit from days in Q1. We have, I think, a bit of a headwind in Q2. But net-net, on balance for the year, those should wash out. And I think our 11% to 12% recurring CAG growth is very much in line with the trends that we've been seeing if you adjust our fourth quarter results for the days' impact and just some of the shipment timing effects we noted in Asia, which were modest but can impact the growth rate a bit. We're basically right in the middle of that range and looking to build on that in 2020.
Brian McKeon: Yes. And I think that one way to think about it financially, Ryan, is it is a factor that will be supportive of sustaining the 11% to 12% CAG Dx recurring growth company, including the strong growth that we've seen in U.S. reference labs. It's a valued service and a differentiator and I think something that we believe can support, continue to expand that franchise. And in terms of instrument revenues, as Jay noted, it's a relatively smaller set of the market that would likely be earlier adopters of the instrument. And we'd anticipate this will be integrated into 360-type program placements, more in the second half of the year as we kind of build market awareness and get the service up and running. But it's not calling it out as a distinct material driver. I think it's something we anticipate will build over time. But we're very excited about it as another example of how IDEXX is adding to the scope of services that we're providing, adding to our differentiation and value and leveraging that to drive the strong double-digit growth in CAG Dx revenues that we should to achieve.
Brian McKeon: Yes. Why don't I start with that, Mike, and hopefully, I can hit on some of your specific questions? I'm sure Jay can expand on that. But in terms of the coronavirus as context, China for IDEXX is a little less than 2.5% of our overall revenues - all of our revenues in China. So it's a - we have a relatively smaller exposure to that market. Over half of that revenue is LPD. So in terms of the more consumer-driven aspect of that business, it's a relatively smaller exposure. We have seen limited impact to-date. We are monitoring it, of course and - but have not factored a specific kind of impact into our outlook at this point. We've got a range for performance. We're comfortable with that. And I think the headline there is relatively smaller for IDEXX and it's relatively early on to kind of be calibrating more impacts. I think you had a specific question on the Australia wildfires. We did not see a meaningful impact on that in our results. Again, it's something that we're monitoring, but we had very good results in Australia, continued good results. And I think we've - the European market, we highlighted that we had nearly 20% consumable growth in the fourth quarter, outstanding instrument placements. I think we - the market - and continued solid results in labs. So I think we feel the market backdrop in Europe looks quite healthy.
Brian McKeon: Yes. I think if there's any investment in our business, it's truly onetime. I think we're always adding capability. But what we were trying to highlight was that we had, through the second half of 2019, a number of investments that we advanced on the lab front in terms of our expanding our capacity, adding day labs. We had some system investments that we've been making; initial integration of Marshfield, which we'll continue; and obviously, some of the investment we made in the commercial organization in the U.S. And just trying to highlight that, that is going to be on a year-over-year basis, carrying into the first half of 2020. And there are a couple of discrete factors that will be additive to that, and that's basically our Westbrook headquarters, which is coming online in Q1. So we'll have the depletion of that starting to factor into our OpEx growth. And in the second quarter, we will be having the impact of the German core lab coming online. So the net of that is it's - it wasn't intended to signal incremental investment in the labs other than those discrete areas in the Marshfield acquisition but just trying to highlight that we anticipate our margin gains that we're targeting for next year will be second half-driven, will have some moderate pressure in Q1 and basically, just as we grow into those investments. And we would reinforce our long-term goals of 50 to 100 basis points-plus of constant currency annual margin improvement supported by strong recurring revenue growth, so no changes on that front.
Brian McKeon: Yes. As expected, we - as we're working to integrate Marshfield, there are some impacts from that. And that we did highlight that as one of the factors, and that will continue into the first half. We're - we have work going on, on that front. But look, over time, I think we're - we've demonstrated and we're confident that the addition of customers into our national lab network and supporting them through our over 50 labs now in the U.S., which is how we think about this business as a national business, is something that we would anticipate in getting leverage from and is supporting the longer-term goals that we have for margin improvement from our reference lab network. So it was a near-term factor and will be a near-term factor to a degree, and we'll get leverage on that over time. It will support our margin improvement going forward.
Jonathan Mazelsky: And I would add to that. We're well positioned to sustain that 11% to 12% gain that - we reflect in our going for 2020. You start with the fact that it's a good market backdrop. We saw good clinical visit growth over 2019, 2.5%. We have really nice growth and momentum in our - the expansion of our premium installed base: 16% in total, 19% in Catalysts, 35% in SediVue and those result in consumables growth as customers use those products. We're pleased with the adoption we see around IDEXX innovation. Customers are very enthusiastic about the differentiators we've introduced in past years as well as VMX. And we have an expanded sales force, which is out there partnering with customers, driving awareness and education and ultimately, consideration. And then we note that - as Brian mentioned in his remarks, we have very high retention across all of our modalities. Customers tell us that they appreciate the differentiators we bring, like integration and the platform extensions they've come to rely on. So we're feeling like we're in a very good position to sustain that growth.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So the - Q4 was solid, 1.8% clinical growth. Keep in mind, we focus on the clinical growth piece. That's where the veterinarian actually sees the patient and where diagnostics is used as a whole. Now that came off fairly strong Q3, and as noted, a little soft going into the quarter, but picked up in December. So we're positive on the market. We think it's a strong market in 2020 and we don't see anything from a change standpoint.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Right. Thank you, Ryan. Let me give you just some market backdrop and the feedback from VMX. Customers were really very enthusiastic about digital cytology service. Typically, the veterinarian will see patient everyday with lumps and bumps. And they'll take a sample, prepare a slide, look at it under a microscope and then decide whether or not they need to send it out for expert interpretation. That process very often takes a couple of days. But it can - depending upon when they send it in, like kind of Friday, can take 4 or 5 days or so. So they were very, very appreciative and enthusiastic about the ability of being able to send it to us and get a result back with an expert interpretation within two hours and be able to do that all hours of the day, every day of the week and all days of the year. So the - and the reason we were able to do that, by the way, is because we were able to fit that into our existing infrastructure and investments that we've made, in terms of integrated IT workflow; having a field service organization, which is out there who can help install these systems and onboard and train customers on slide preparation; having clinical pathologists around the world to be able to provide that service. In terms of market size, and then I'll hand it over to Brian to talk a little bit about revenue. The way we think about this is about 5% of practices are higher-volume users of cytology. So we define that as 5-plus cases per month. About 6,000 of IDEXX practices actually send today out cytology to our reference lab for expert interpretation. That's 6,000 of about a little over 20,000 practices that we do business with in reference labs in some measure. So that gives you just a scope of what we're talking about. We think as they continue to use this, there's potential benefits in using more of it over time and more customers adopting it.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. Thank you. So the - it's always been a competitive market, and it's clearly still a competitive market, and we continue to perform very well, as we've highlighted this morning. Our focus is really on growing and adding value for our customers. A lot of our volume growth, as Brian highlighted, comes from same-store sales, comes from existing customers, creating awareness and adoption of relevant testing. So from a strategy standpoint, it's really continuing to be able to work with those customers, introduce the innovations, take our commercial capability, expanding commercial capability, partner and help those practices succeed. So that's really the focus. The - a lot of competitive intensity, but that really hasn't changed. And we continue to do well and we continue to experience moderate price increases on the 2% to 3%, net basis. So we're feeling good.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So we've had ongoing partnerships with the specialty diet that - in pharma and software companies in the marketplace. The way we tend to think - I'll address the software piece and the integration piece specifically. The way we tend to think about that is we take an open systems approach. So a group of customers, once it reaches a certain size of critical mass come to us and say that they would like us to integrate an application into our PIMS systems, then we do it. We want to be able to give the customers the workflow that they desire. But in terms of overall partnering at VMX, we participated in a park study, which showed the efficacy - the superior efficacy of fecal antigen. So always looking for ways in appropriate sort of partnership structures of developing the market for diagnostics.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So when we talk to customers, what customers tell us, is that they - when they're looking at diagnostics and they're looking at solutions to adopt, they believe that it's highly differentiated. It's a highly differentiated category in their practices. It's a decision that they make through the lens of how to deliver best care. It tends to be separate from how they think about therapeutics or specialty diets. They are making typically long-term decisions because of systems that they're buying that need to be integrated that they may have in their practice 5, 10 years. So from a buying standpoint and partnering decision, the customer really separates those two. So the - that hasn't changed with the recent acquisition of some of our competitors.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So we did - we've done very well this year in terms of payment placements. Cornerstone, we've been able to upgrade more than half of our installed base of Cornerstone with a completely new user interface. We've been able to do this because we have a field-based organization, field service reps who go out and partner with customers. We also - our Neo system, which is really more geared towards general practice customers and mobile customers, is native cloud-based. That's received just, I think, very enthusiastic reception, and we've been able to grow that nicely. But the key is it's not so much in the PIMS system per se. It's in the connectivity that we're able to provide between software and our diagnostics and the applications that work together. So what customers tell us is they appreciate our PIMS systems. But what they really like is they like the fact that it all works better together, so the PIMS and the applications and VetConnect Plus and the diagnostics. And that ability to support their workflow clinically and from a business standpoint and capturing charges and work that they do is what sets us apart and continues to really provide strong differentiation.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Great. Yes. So the Marshfield integration is on track. We're excited by Marshfield. It really - we've welcomed over 2,000 customers from Marshfield, and they now have access to IDEXX' differentiated tests like SDMA and fecal antigen and VetConnect Plus. And the initial reception has been enthusiastic from those customers. We - keep in mind that a good number of those customers were IDEXX customers already. They use one of our modalities. They may have used our software systems. So it's not like they didn't know us. This just gives us a chance to work more closely with them and to provide reference lab services. I'll turn it to Brian if Brian would like to make a remark on margin and what we see there.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So the oncology service is something that exists in the marketplace today. It's centered more around specialty practices and there's lots of different areas in oncology, just like there are on the human side in terms of both drugs and therapeutics and LINAC systems and chemotherapy. So that's a very broad question with lots of different areas. From a diagnostic standpoint, that's something we're always taking a look at. There's - around genomics and proteomics and being able to detect cancer earlier. Certainly, digital cytology, in many instances, you're looking for cancer. So it does begin that discussion when a patient comes in with mumps and bumps and wants to know whether or not their pet is okay. Okay. And so with that, thank you. With that, we'll conclude the call. I want to thank our employees for the very strong progress and performance in Q4, for the full year of 2019 and for the advancement of our purpose, which is enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people and livestock around the world.
