Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question. We have a similar outlook at the high-end. I think we feel very good about the start to the year, particularly in the U.S. And so I think the drivers of that, we highlighted pricing being a positive driver for us this year and the execution is consistent with what we had expected. And I think the executional drivers that help to deliver solid volume growth in the U.S., we're very encouraged by. And looking to build on that. I think internationally, we also saw excellent execution drivers I mentioned, we had double-digit growth benefit from things like new business gains, including benefits from strong instrument placements, higher pricing. We are seeing continued headwinds from macro factors in international markets. So the growth was somewhat below our higher end target so on balance, we feel a good start to the year. I still think that's a good full-year goal for the company and looking forward to continuing to execute well to deliver against it.
Brian McKeon: Yes, let me try to break that down. We had an expectation for the first quarter for an improvement in reported operating margins of 50 to 100 basis points. We came in at 150. So that was better than expected. That was principally on the gross margin line. We saw some benefit in the quarter from kind of later than time planned staffing in areas like our labs and some specific operational factors more Q1 related. So I think we feel good about the overall performance and do think that the high-end goals that we have are still appropriate. As we highlighted coming into the year, we knew that we had some costs coming back here, just more interface with our customers, more travel I think we're anticipating that to continue. We're trying to support our employees in a higher inflation environment as well. And we do have investments that we're advancing in areas like R&D. I know we've highlighted in the past a couple of new platforms that we're advancing that we're investing behind. So those are all captured in our outlook. I think on balance, our performance is very much in line with what we're targeting again, a good start to the year. And we think the full-year goal is on an -- if we adjust out the R&D lapping and the customer contract resolution payment for a solid 60 basis point comparable improvement and right in line with what we were hoping to achieve this year, and we look forward to working to deliver on that.
Brian McKeon: Yes, thanks for the question, Jon. We did have a really good start to the year in the U.S. I think our pricing, as you pointed out was globally in line with what we had planned. So we feel good about the execution there. I would say the U.S. clinical visits were overall for the quarter a little better than we anticipated. They were flat, as I mentioned, and we thought we'd still be working through some compares on that front. I think we got some benefit really early in the quarter, I think with some positive growth that helped there. And the -- our own volume execution, the difference between how much growth is coming from our volume relative to clinical visits was a solid 5%, that's kind of pre-pandemic level. So we -- that was in line with kind of where we're hoping to achieve. So on balance, U.S. combined came through quite well. I think international was in line, I would say with what we were guiding towards. We had very good execution as noted and continue to see some macro headwinds that we're working through. So on balance, I think we feel good about the start to the year, as I shared earlier. And we have some goals at the higher end that would help us deliver 10% overall organic growth, which is our goal and we think we're working well towards that. And we're acknowledging that we're in an environment where there is some macro risk, and we think it's proven to have a range of estimates there and continue to monitor those trends as we work through the year. But I think on balance, we feel good about the start.
Brian McKeon: Yes, just to clarify on the profit guide, our operating margin outlook is consistent. We have a slightly higher headwind from FX. And so on a comparable basis, the high end is the same and the low end is up, I think slightly. We obviously have some positive flow-through from raising the low end of the revenue. So that's the EPS adjustment. And you're correct. We had lower interest expense projected to offset by relatively lower projected reductions in shares outstanding. So that was a net flat effect.
Brian McKeon: Yes, let me clarify the numbers. I'll let Jay talk to the regional dynamics. It was 8% -- 7.6% CAG Dx recurring. And Mike, I would say that's pretty much in line with the outlook that we shared for the quarter. I think the execution drivers were very -- were strong, in line. We had 17% growth in instrument placements, double-digit benefit from things that weren't related to same-store sales dynamics. And we continue to see the kind of pressure that we've seen on macro -- for macro trends on the same-store side. But we've been building that into our outlook, and I think that was in line with what we were anticipating and kind of consistent with our full-year view as well.
Brian McKeon: Maybe I can provide a little color there. On the U.S. side, where we're more explicit on how we're thinking about the visit trends, as I mentioned the overall, it was -- clinical visits were relatively flat in the quarter. I think we are encouraged that it appears that we're working through the headwinds that were related to capacity staffing. So that seems to be normalizing. I would point out it was stronger earlier in Q1 than how we exited the quarter. So the visits were down a bit in March, and that continued into early April. So I think this is an ongoing dynamic in terms of just the macro backdrop and the ongoing adaptation of clinics to adding staff and kind of getting back to their normal growth rates. But I think we're feeling good about kind of working through some of those headwinds that we highlighted. And an area that we'll continue to monitor and we're actively trying to help clinics through productivity improvement, get back to the positive growth rates that they've been able to support in the past.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I'd just highlight the multiplier benefits to the ProCyte One launch. If you look at the growth in the overall installed base, we had double-digit growth across Catalyst, premium hematology and SediVue. So it's -- and we had a very strong quarter for Catalyst and SediVue placements, building on the lapping of the launch last year that was very successful for ProCyte One. So I think the benefit of having additions to a platform isn't just related to the platform itself but the overall business growth.
Brian McKeon: Yes. So David, just on your FX questions, you're correct on revenue. We think the full-year is relatively flat now versus what we thought was a 0.5 point headwind. That's the $10 million positive adjustment in revenue. It didn't flow through to EPS, just given mix of currencies and hedge positions. So it's -- we have a share of all the assumptions relative to rates, but we have a model that we go through looking at all those factors, and it didn't have a net impact just because we're largely hedged at this point, and just the mix of the impacts weren't as favorable.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Good morning, Chris. This is Jay. So let me take your second question first, and then I'll address the acquisition. Overall, we think pricing to our customers is appropriate within the current environment. From an overall demand standpoint, we see that holding up well relative to the macro conditions, as we've described it in the different pricing scenarios. From just a pet owner perspective, we think they've demonstrated and willingness. We see this both from experience as well as just the survey work that they continue to prioritize health care for their pets. And keep in mind that diagnostics is a relatively small piece of the overall patient spend on their pets. Specifically to your point around wellness versus non-wellness, we've seen the two pretty much move in lockstep over the last five quarters. Or so of course, if the macro -- when we see sort of the macro deterioration from an environmental standpoint during the pandemic, there was some divergence. But generally, at least over the last year plus, they've moved in lockstep. And just an interesting, I think proof point of that, if you take a look at the 4Dx diagnostics testing, it's been highly durable. That's primarily a wellness test and we think indicative of the good end customer demand and pull-through. From the standpoint of the Mars Heska acquisition, just as a matter of policy, we don't comment on specific customer relationships, except to say that no single customer comprises more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. Our customer base is very large and diversified. I think as you know and we maintain and have excellent relationships and a great long-term track record with our corporate customers. They, I think very much appreciate the broad solution portfolio both on the diagnostics as well as software side where we can support their objectives to grow and deliver great care. And it probably just as importantly, footprint-wise to be where there. I think the acquisition itself reflects what we've said all along the attractiveness of the animal health sector and more specifically, diagnostics that we think – long-term, that it can help support the overall market or sector development of diagnostics.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. And I would just build on that to say that I would build on Brian's comments and just emphasize the excellent commercial drivers that we've talked about certainly pricing, as Brian mentioned, new customer acquisition has been strong, both U.S. and internationally. Customer retention rates continue to remain strong. I think the customer interest and appetite for technology, we see that in premium instrument placements as well as software. And I think that's really reflective of the -- some of the capacity challenges that they see. So overall, I think from an execution standpoint, a very strong quarter.
Jay Mazelsky: And I would just say from a product development standpoint, I'm not going to be specific, obviously, but we are running parallel programs. We continue to invest in software assays, instruments. We spend a lot of money on innovation. We think there's great opportunities across the portfolio and we'll continue to provide updates as we get closer.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I mean just to support that, we've seen relatively speaking, more macro impacts outside the U.S. As I had mentioned previously, our execution drivers internationally have been excellent. We've done seven commercial expansions. And when you take a look at those targeted expansions, we're doing well. We think we're bringing more focus. And from a frequency and visit standpoint, the type of successful model that we've implemented in the U.S. From an instrument and business-focused standpoint, we've seen excellent results in premium instrument placements to pick 19% on the Catalyst side, really strong, the quality has been really strong from both competitive and new placements. And so we're optimistic. And I think the regions are working or other countries within the regions are working through their specific challenges. But we're optimistic that the long-term demand is there.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, to Brian's point, the practices from our perspective, speaking now to the U.S. have largely stabilized. We've seen stabilization of ours, for example. I think there's been a really strong appetite and enthusiasm for technology, specifically with a focus on productivity and supporting capacity. Certainly, we've seen heightened interest in software as a way of supporting staff productivity, workflow optimization, removing the sort of high administrative unrewarded tasks. Keep in mind, if you take a look at 2022, there was a 2% net addition in pets in the U.S. That's twice the level pre-pandemic. So I think there's a lot of underserved demand out there, and practices are working through, how they serve that demand. So good progress. I think the other thing is finding the time study, we think identify some things that practices are doing and could do, and there's been a lot of receptivity and enthusiasm for that work and how they can find a couple of minutes here, a couple of minutes there that cumulatively make a big difference.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So let me address the -- so we had said that we have 9,400 ProCyte One placements, which is nearly half of the goal itself. And I think what we're seeing is a really nice fit with the platform itself from both performance and cost and footprint standpoint. So there's been a lot of, I think customer adoption based on the fact that it fits their practice needs. Keep in mind, internationally which is where we think the larger part of the marketplace is, in many countries, it's hematology first. They do sort of a general body systems diagnostic and then, in some cases, include chemistry or may include chemistry with it. So it does hematology first marketplace. They see this as a key addition to their in-clinic diagnostics suite. And we've done well with that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So new practices are generally going right into the cloud. So they're trying to buy and use contemporary technology. Cloud-based systems are obviously priced as SaaS services. So there's a monthly annuity. There's still upfront costs in terms of data migration and onboarding and training and those things associated with getting a practice. I think the big difference from a cost standpoint at least is in the life cycle of the solution itself. The practice system had to worry about replacing servers every three, four, five years and paying for ongoing maintenance. The other big benefit is they get software updates pushed to them on a pretty frequent basis without having to necessarily send somebody out to the site and take the system offline, whether it's a couple of hours or more. So there's a lot of -- I think there's a lot of cost benefits over the life cycle of the solution as well as feature functionality improvements that they get. And therefore, that's driving, I think at least in the veterinary industry a newfound appreciation for updating the more modern or contemporary software solutions.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Thank you, Erin. We think it's a very significant opportunity, just based on the number of pets that develop cancer. So it's the biggest cause of death, mortality of within the pet population. So if you take a look at the U.S., there's six million dogs a year that get cancer, 3x mortality rate of the next sort of greatest cause of death. The diagnosis and staging and treatment protocols today are very fragmented. They tend to be late by the time it's very clinically obvious and then you have to pick the sample and send it out to the pathology lab. And at that point, cancer may be Stage 3, Stage 4 difficult to treat. The other piece is that there aren't a lot of oncology specialists. If you take a look at North America, it's 350 to 400. So most of the camps are diagnosing, and treatment is happening through the general practitioner who aren't specialists. They have a lot of other responsibilities. And so being able to provide diagnostics as a testing regime for them, we think is a really attractive opportunity, we both partner and have internal development efforts. Keep in mind that from a cancer standpoint, just our pathology submissions on a global basis, over 1.3 million a year. So this isn't a new area for us. This is something that we're well versed in and provide a service across the globe for us. So this is just really expanding or enhancing so that we move earlier into being able to support our customers to diagnose cancer while it's still -- you have better chances at being able to treat it.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, I mean we have -- generally, we have relationships with both corporate accounts across some of our different testing modalities or product lines. We do think there are some customers who may be sensitive continuing with our competitors. It still comes down. It's a very competitive market. It still comes down to -- we're going to have to compete customer to customer. And we think that the broadest possible solution to support their growth objectives is what, at the end of the day, wins. And we'll continue to focus on that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. And then to answer the -- your second question, we don't think about it necessarily as migration of one modality to the other based on the competitive landscape. Customers use both clinic as well as reference labs. They choose partners based on a variety of your product and solution differentiation, cost, service, footprint, all those things. So we think there's still going to be the primary drivers of who corporate customers and independent customers choose, and I'll leave it at that. So with that, we'll conclude the Q&A portion of the call. Thank you for your participation this morning. And to summarize, I'll reiterate that IDEXX is committed to the significant multi-decade opportunity to increase the standard of care for Companion Animal health care. We look forward to executing our organic strategy to address this opportunity. IDEXX teams continued to perform at a high level building of the investments we made over the past decades to develop our sector. And we look forward to continuing strong progress against our strategy through 2023. And now we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
