Brian McKeon: Mike, why don't I start by, just kind of, framing the comparisons that we're trying to highlight as we move forward, because that's a key dynamic? We're just trying to reinforce. Clearly we had very strong profit results in Q1. We are going to start entering a period here where we're going to be comparing ourselves to the control spending levels that we implemented last year. So, if you recall, we had 25 million of OpEx savings that we highlighted second quarter, another 5 million of savings from lower health care costs. We really, in the early stages of the pandemic tried to be very mindful of how we're controlling labor costs in areas like the labs, and so we're just trying to highlight as we move forward.  We're going to see, you know, some of those comparison effects moderate the margin gains, the gross margin gains, and we'll see relatively higher OpEx growth. Again, as a benchmark just in Q1, we had over $7 million of cost reduction year-on-year from things like lower sales meeting costs [in T&E], which is about 7% of OpEx growth. So, moving forward, we won't have those kind of favorability. So, we're just trying to highlight that. And we're also trying to highlight that we're advancing investment in the business. So, maybe Jay can talk a bit about that.
Brian McKeon: I would say, overall, Mike, the theme would be more consistency than change. What we saw in 2020 was an improvement. If you break down the drivers of things like CAG Diagnostic revenue growth in the clinic, we saw higher levels of contribution from frequency and utilization, and those have sustained. If there was one thing that improved a bit in Q1, which we highlighted in the comments was the new patient contribution to clinical visit growth was up about 100 basis points. So, I think some of the, you know, the building effect of the new puppies and kittens helped, but, you know, adjusting for that the two-year growth rates were largely consistent with Q4. It was more consistency than change. We're entering a period now where we'll have the, you know, the COVID compares, you know, because, you know, the growth rate numbers are a little tougher to follow. So, we're trying to highlight some of the two year trends. And, you know, I think we're encouraged that the two-year trends are holding up well, and you know, that's factored into our outlook for the balance of the year.
Brian McKeon: One thing I’d highlight in addition to the market trends is, in terms of IDEXX’s execution, our international teams are really doing an excellent job. We had excellent instrument placements, you know, growth in 360. I think the global commercial model that we've been looking to leverage and build upon is really, really in a good place. And we're very pleased with the international momentum. So, we wanted to highlight that.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. On your first question on gross margin, we are seeing a really nice flow through and obviously the high CAG DX recurring mix and just the strong growth were is helping, we do anticipate, Jon, we're going to be adding back some costs here to keep up with the growth, particularly in things like lab staffing. And then we'll have, you know, some compares just to the, as I mentioned on a year-over-year basis, but we're still anticipating a high level of gross margin flow through and that's factored into our outlook. And on leverage, you're correct, we've, you know, we're quite disciplined last year in terms of pausing, share repurchases, and really controlling our capital spending. Our capital spending on an annual basis was below, kind of the normal levels that we typically have. And we deferred some projects. And we're – you will see a step up in that as we move forward, not a change fundamentally in our long-term view, but just, you know, catching up on some of the deferred capital spending. And right now, we're just signaling maintaining the kind of net leverage ratios that you see. We did initiate buybacks in Q1, and feel good about sustaining those. So – but not trying to signal any change to the leverage profile at this point.
Brian McKeon: And Jon, Jon, one thing I'd highlight too, I know you're looking quarter-by-quarter, but Q3, I think you need to factor in there. There was some pent-up demand likely effects and so I think the overall trend is very healthy. It’s at the higher-end of our outlook. It's above where it was pre-COVID. We feel very good about the growth and services trend as being sustainable to something that's going to, you know enhance our growth profile.
Brian McKeon: Sure. [Indiscernible] started a little higher level with the global numbers, but made our – our updated range, the higher-end of the CAG DX recurring range, basically assumed similar two year growth trends to what we saw in Q4 and Q1. So, it's largely in-line with that. And I think that, that is the primary driver of the update. I think is the – just, you know, more competence coming through Q1 on sustainability of some of the trends and some positive dynamics with critical visit growth. And so that's more of the headline. We're still maintaining, you know, a range, because that may moderate. You know, we may see some pullback. We're going to be up against some compares here. But I think, on balance, we feel very good about the trends. And if anything, they improved a bit in Q1. And as a benchmark, we do try to highlight that U.S. clinical visit growth, and premium dynamic that you mentioned and our initial estimates were 2% to 5% for the full-year. For clinical visit growth, that's a one-year basis and the 900 basis point to 1,000 basis point premium.  And I did mention that our updated outlook reflects that we're trending at the higher-end on clinical visits. And that we're reinforcing the premium outlook, which is right in-line with where we were in Q1. So, you know, I think the, you know, just the underlying market trends have sustained. We feel good about that, and we are seeing that globally. And I think we feel very good about our execution. And now of course have things like ProCyte One to innovation issues that'll help us build on that momentum.
Brian McKeon: So, you know, our markets are very competitive, they have always been very competitive. You know, we’re pleased with what we've been able to advancing our commercial agenda. You know, we’ve shared some data new and competitive placements with catalysts, both in North America, as well as international. So, you can, you know, make your own assumptions in terms of what that means. Our focus is just continuing to support and serve our customers with IDEXX Solutions. We do that both on a instrument side, obviously, the broader diagnostic solutions and software. And what we find is, when customers use all of our solutions, they grow faster, they tend to stay with us longer, and they find it supports their practice needs. In terms of the survey you're mentioning, I'm not familiar with that. So, I'm just going to withhold comment not knowing the underlying methodology.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, sure. So, just a couple things to build on Brian's comments. Obviously, we're in a high growth environment, there's excellent opportunity to continue to support that growth. We do that, obviously, in areas like reference labs and production, and field support. And the other area of opportunity for us is just our international markets. We've identified this as being very attractive and we continue to advance our expansions where it makes sense. We know that there's pretty good short-term return on those expansions. We have, I think, really optimized our ability to identify all the right pieces you need to have in place, including additional field, personnel, reference labs, information technology, investments, those type of things. So, we're very optimistic about the opportunity, short-term and long-term in our markets, U.S., as well as international and will continue to advances as we see opportunities before us.
Jay Mazelsky: I would just add to that Mike. The trends we described, the broader level trends we've described have largely been intact. So, these are obviously new critical business growth driven by new patients. The majority of which are puppies and kittens, higher usage and intensity of diagnostics and more of a pivot to services by the veterinarians. For those that we have seen over the last, you know, second half of 2020, we continue to see in Q1.
Jay Mazelsky: I'll make a couple comments about that, Erin. So the use of Bloodwork has – the growth rate has approximately doubled as we talked about a percent in 2020 and versus about 0.5% the previous year. And so there's a number of things that are driving that. We've seen greater proportion of the higher users of diagnostics continue to increase. And we see that very optimistically, as evidence that even those who were at the higher range from a [dead cell] standpoint of diagnostic users feel like there's a lot more capacity. We also see – as part of clinical visits, greater use of diagnostics, and then when they use them, greater intensity has also gone up. So, all those factors are playing into it. And we think that they'll sustain three plus quarters.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, we're very excited and optimistic about ProCyte One. It's been a very successful roll-out. There things – there's a time and distance dimension to these, you know, as we roll-out a new analyzer in terms of building volume in production, create awareness, in the marketplace. You know, the exciting thing about ProCyte One is the opportunity itself is very significant. We think that there are 100,000 plus opportunities for placements in the hematology market, but there's also a nice multiplier impact where if there's hematology, there's chemistry. So, we tend to place those together. There's, as part of IDEXX 360 there's pull-through in terms of, you know, the reference labs and rapid essay, not just the U.S. now, but internationally. And so, we're excited by the opportunity. I think our experience, our customer experience trials have given us a lot of confidence that the analyzer has hit the mark, both in terms of usability and performance, and we expect our ramp to grow throughout the year. And especially, so internationally as we release late Q2, early Q3 pending on things like regulatory approvals.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, you know, Jon, there's always a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter. We think that 900 plus, you know premium is, it's what we've seen over the last quarters in 2020 and we think that that is sustainable. I think it's a reflection of a couple of different things. Obviously, the pivot to services, which if anything has accelerated as part of the COVID response in clinics, but it's also in response that our strategy as a company around innovation, the commercial partnership with our customers in bringing testing relevant testing practices.  And so, we think that that's a successful formula. And it's supportive of what veterinarians and pet owners want to see in terms of better patient care, better – higher standards of care for patients. And that will continue to be a focus for us from a commercial and innovation strategy standpoint.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, so it's early in the rollout, but we're very pleased. It's been a very successful route, very successful customer experience trials, and not easy to do, by the way, in the middle of a pandemic. This is a complex instrument, and it has a world-class user interface and performs at a very high level from just an accuracy standpoint. You know, we've identified the hematology opportunity as very significant for the company. Keep in mind, a lot of our international markets are hematology first markets. So what that means is, if they have a choice in terms of, if it's one instrument, or none, they tend to choose hematology and they test with hematology, even before chemistry, even when they have both. So, in terms of the opportunity itself, as I earlier described it, you know, almost 100,000 placement, opportunities, two-thirds plus of which is internationally. But you know, even more importantly, if I pivot just a higher level comment, it's an important part of our overall in clinic solution. We tend to sell chemistry in hematology, increasingly SediVue together. So, having this type of solution, which from a performance and cost profile standpoint, you know, hits a sweet spot. The market is obviously very attractive to us. The other thing that I would point out is that increasingly, the IDEXX 360 program is just getting terrific traction internationally. And as part of that capital placement piece is the [indiscernible], and there’s pull-through on reference labs and rapid essay in terms of delivering the underlying volume commitments. So, we're excited by the overall attack diagnostics opportunity that ProCyte One represents. It’s going to have, you know, we think a very long tail both duration, as well as, you know, overall volume opportunity. So, more to come over time.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, you know, the thing to keep, I think you’re asking a question more generally about the fecal detection. And, you know, our belief is that the fecal antigen test that we offer at the reference lab is best-in-class. It detects up to two times as much than traditional methods like [O&P], you know, there just a number of challenges in doing fecal within the clinic. You know, first and foremost is the sample prep, you know, piece, and that's very time consuming and continues to be, you know, messy, and then you can develop an algorithm that protects eggs, as you know, as part of the parasites or worms. But, you know, at the end of the day, they have to be available, that you have to be able to visually see them. The benefit in being able to detect through antigen testing is, you are able to see them in a prepaying period, which is between four and six weeks earlier than physically when the eggs are available. So, you get better detection [basis]. So, we like our solutions, we pick our customers, appreciate fecal antigen at the reference labs, and that's where we continue to support them.
Jay Mazelsky: Thank you, I want to thank everybody for calling in. I want to express my gratitude to the IDEXX team for their ongoing, extraordinary performance during these challenging times. We have an amazing purpose and opportunity as a company and I couldn't be more appreciative of the IDEXX team, and how they live our mission every day. And so with that, we'll conclude the call, and thank you.
