Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Chris. We expect we'll work through the impacts of the pullback in capacity this year in 2023. The overall clinic visit growth, as you indicated in the outlook, it still remains fairly dynamic. There's a lot of external factors like macro impacts, the labor supply dynamics that we've talked about and even potential impacts from further COVID outbreak. So we'll be monitoring those macro impacts as a pet owner behavior and really factor that into our outlook.  What I would point out is that our focus is on those things that we can control from an execution standpoint, both innovations and commercial engagement with our commercial teams. And we continue to do extremely well in being able to support customers with technology, whether it's PIMS systems, software, which help their productivity and support their efficiency. Clinic instrument placements -- in-clinic instrument placements were at record levels. I think that reflects at a basic level that there is a very positive outlook on the industry, and their willingness to invest, it really supports growth. We think that, from an overall dynamic standpoint, Europe is a little bit different. But in the U.S., capacity constraints are the primary factor affecting clinical visits versus end customer demand. In Europe, we're seeing some impacts from just the back row factors, and we'll see how that plays out and whether that continues going forward.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Just to add to that, the fit of our in-clinic instruments now with ProCyte One is outstanding for these international markets. We saw ProCyte One growth 26%, as I indicated in my comments. And so from a footprint, price, performance, connectivity, ease-of-use standpoint, it really fits us international markets very well.  The international customers, it depends based on country or region, but they tend to test hematology first. So it's a really important solution for these customers and has a big multiplier impact because very often when we sell ProCyte One, we also sell it with a chemistry analyzer and, in some cases, even a SediVue. So we feel very positive about solutions and our ability to help customers achieve their objectives. Certainly, there's a macro factors that we've talked about in the past, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict in the energy prices, and we'll just continue to monitor that and see how that plays out over time.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, I would just add to that, that from a customer perspective, what customers are most interested in and the message we keep hearing back from them, is they want to make sure that from a product testing continuity standpoint, supply chain, how we support them that all those pieces are in place. And they realize that, given the current environment, it's a little bit more expensive to run the business, and they want us to invest in being able to support them. And we see that reflected in very high customer retention rates really globally across the world. We think that's an important input or input into the growth formula of the company. So that's an area we're going to continue to invest in. And as Brian indicated, we think our pricing approach on balance, very reasonable, given the current environment.
Jay Mazelsky: I think what's -- just to add to Brian's comments, what's been very gratifying is the resonance and, I think, interest amongst our customers of our solutions. I talked about software. But our customers pretty much across the board are feeling pressures. There may be capacity pressures or and or staff pressures within their practices and trying to run a business, delivering excellent medical care but also sensitive to the economics and making sure they have a healthy business.  And they're looking to software solutions. So we see this with our PIMs solutions, cloud-based PIMS solutions and their enthusiasm around really upgrading software within their practices that help support workflow optimization, staff productivity, client communications, all the things that they've been looking for. So I think we have the right solutions at the right time given the market circumstances. We're seeing that in clinic pretty much across the board, across all the solutions.  And even at our Reference Lab, had really nice mouth, especially in the U.S. As we look -- we've expanded our menu. We've improved our service offerings in the case of PCR at Louisville, which is next day, if customers would like that. And they're using that as an extension of their own practice. So we're optimistic that, for those things that we can control, we'll do a good job and that customers are highly enthusiastic about these solutions.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Jon, on balance, I mean, on balance, there is some variability within any given quarter. But if you look at over a two-three year CAGR rate there, it's pretty -- it's what you would -- might expect. So I don't think there's anything specifically related to capacity. The capacity speaks to the length in getting an appointment. And with existing pet owners, most veterinarians aren't turning those folks away whether it's a wellness visit or a sick visit. So you wouldn't necessarily expect to see any dynamic related that piece of it. We know that people are going back to work, at least in a hybrid fashion. We haven't been able to pull out anything specifically related to return to work, whether it's two or three days a year. What we do see is capacity pullback, especially on weekends, has gone down somewhat over the year, and we think that just reflects practices or maybe short of staff and trying to balance their working environment better, better for their employees. But nothing specific that I think we can call out or point to.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, Jon, it's primarily related to both geographic mix. We're selling more internationally and then product mix more ProCyte Ones, which have a lower AUP than the ProCyte Dx. So the ProCyte One grew 26%. It's a lower AUP. The international mix was higher. And so that -- I think that accounts for the 5% drop in revenue on a very, very strong placement rate.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. One driver, we focus on from just the quality of instrument replacements is new and competitive Catalyst because that drives an outsized portion of the consumables revenue and the clinic business, and that was up 13%. And so that's a reflection of just, I think, the focus of our commercial organization and the importance of chemistry consumables to the business.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Thanks, Nate. And good morning. Our customers, I think, see this -- see our pricing as reasonable given the current environment. They know it's more expensive for them to run their businesses. I think they see -- continue to see really good end customer demand within the clinics. And their focus is really on they want to make sure they get the support from a product continuity, testing results on time, the engagement that we provide with the customer technical support organization. So their primary focus is on that. Pricing -- the flip side of pricing is the value that we deliver, and we continue to deliver extremely high value. We've had eight product introductions or enhancements this year, just five in Q3 alone, really across the business in software, reference labs and our clinic businesses. And so that helps them from both the standpoint of delivering better patient care but also productivity and efficiency within the practice, and I appreciate that. And from the standpoint of their own -- they have the ability from an end customer pet owner pricing standpoint to increase prices. They've done that. I think diagnostics is a small piece of their overall cost envelope, but it drives the important health care services envelope for their practice. So they see this as a really core enabler to what they do.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Good morning. We have a multifaceted strategy to really support the efficiency. Within practices, I mentioned the portfolio piece, including software. And to answer a part of your question directly, practices are taking the time to implement new PIMS systems, specifically ezyVet. They see a really good return on that -- and they're enthusiastic about moving to the cloud-based systems and, in some cases, modifying or optimizing workflow if it helps them. Specifically around the questions around training, we have a number of different platforms to be able to support the training needs and knowledge needs, practices. Some of it is clinical, some of it is business and workflow optimization, both online and in person. We have a very significantly sized field service representative organization as well as professional service vets for more peer-to-peer that's both in person into our internal medicine group over the phone. We've seen nice growth in engagement and calls into IDEXX to help support them.  So there's lots of, I think, avenues open to customers for training and practice efficiency support.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. We definitely are expanding Preventive Care beyond the U.S. We see a select number of markets and especially corporate accounts outside the U.S. very interested in preventive care. It's a little bit earlier stages from the standpoint of interest and adoption in some of our international country regions. But the same -- I think that's the same level of interest. It just may not be as much knowledge in terms of -- from a workflow standpoint and customer education work. That still needs to be done.  So we're making -- I think we're making progress. I would just say it's more embryonic and we think represents a solid long-term opportunity.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Good morning, Elliot. There are a couple of different, I think, questions you're getting at. So we saw, as you indicated, a negative 2.4% clinical visit decline in the quarter. And this was a modest sequential improvement compared to Q2. But we don't really see this as a fundamental change in the trend. We continue to expect near term impacts from reductions in capacity. And obviously, the macro environment remains dynamic. We are pleased, as we've talked about, the overall diagnostics revenue per practice visit. That's both a function of adoption as well as utilization. Those two pieces, I think, are performing extremely well through the first three quarters of this year relative to historical rates. And that's, I think, the reflection -- again, getting back to the execution drivers in the business, really driving commercial engagement and innovations, the type of things that I think customers want and that supports medical services within the practice and things that are important to really delivering exceptional patient care. And so with that, that will conclude the Q&A portion of the call. I'd like to thank everybody on the phone for their participation this morning. I know we have lots of IDEXX employees listening, and I'd like to say thank you for your continued commitment to our purpose and your focus and execution against our strategy. Your continued engagement in the midst of what we all know is dynamic external factors, I think, helped deliver another excellent quarter and excellent execution. So I'm thankful for all your work, and look forward to finishing 2022 on a strong note.  And so with that, we'll conclude the call. And again, thank you.
Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question. In international markets, we're seeing similar dynamics in terms of IDEXX execution. So the we highlighted in our comments that we think we got a 1,300 basis point benefit from the combination of things like new business gains, expansion of our premium instrument installed base, price utilization. And we actually think our numbers are roughly in a similar zone in international markets. I think what we're seeing more in international markets is some pressure on the clinical visit growth levels. You can see that in our lab growth, which was up modestly in the quarter despite these new business gains and solid price gains.  So it's -- I think international market has been relatively more impacted by the macro dynamics, particularly in regions like Europe. And we've been seeing that really going back to Q4 of last year. So that's been a relatively more meaningful headwind, but the progress that we're making and the very strong instrument placement gains and continued high retention levels, excellent level -- excellent engagement with our customers is allowing us to deliver solid, continued growth.
Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question, Erin. Our price realization is very much in line with what we shared at Investor Day. So we had roughly 4% price realization coming out of the second quarter. We're advantaging some additional price increases in the second half. As I mentioned, globally, we were in the 5% to 6% range. In Q3, it was at the higher end of that for the U.S., and that's very much in line with the 5.5% to 6% year-on-year benefit that was implied in our -- for the second half, and that equates to 5% for the full year.  So as we head into 2023, we will have carryover benefits from the pricing that we've achieved this year, including the second half initiatives. Our plan is to have a normally timed price increase. So we'll have an additional increase at the beginning of the year, and we'll share more details on that as we roll that out, but that will incorporate the conditions that we're seeing in terms of the value that we're adding and also inflationary impacts in the business.
Brian McKeon: I think that we'll share more on that, obviously, as we get further along here. You're pointing out some positive factors that I think will be helpful for us heading into next year. I think the price realization is higher than we've achieved historically. We think it's appropriate in the current environment, and that will be a positive dynamic. And as Jay mentioned, we do think we'll work through some of the headwinds related to the capacity pullback that we saw this year. I think it's early for us to talk about the trajectory into next year, just given the macro backdrops. We'll gain more insight here and focus on what we can do, which is to execute well, and we think that will position us for continued solid growth, and we'll share more of those details as we complete our plans and give you an update on the year-end call.
Brian McKeon: There are impacts from selling programs as well. I think we feel very good about the expansion of 360. We've seen very high attach rates of replacing ProCyte Ones. We're replacing Catalysts, and that's really the multiplier benefit that we've had to highlight and that gets folded into the 360-type agreement. So that's part of the dynamic as well. But largely, it's the factors that Jay was highlighting. The bulk of our growth is in international markets, and that's a meaningful driver of some of the relative revenue changes.  And -- but on balance, the overall growth in our base is very strong. Our EVI metrics were up at high levels. Consumable gains are strong. The instrument base expansion is a big driver of our execution growth benefit. So we feel really good about the instrument performance.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. Thanks, Nate. We thought it was appropriate to maintain a similar outlook to what we had shared for the second half. I think we're very pleased with our third quarter execution and performance. I think on the clinic visit growth trend side, I think that, that was a relatively favorable factor in Q3, but we're not -- that as kind of a longer-term trend. We think the trends that we've seen kind of in the last few months are appropriate kind of to plan off of, and our pricing execution is in line with our plans. So we thought the -- we really focus on the midpoint of the range. We think that's still an appropriate place to be. The lower end of the range is really reflective of potential macro risk that we think is appropriate to build in. And of course, the higher end would be if we can continue to execute well and see some improvement in the underlying visit trends. But I think the -- we think, on balance, it's a consistent outlook, and we think that's appropriate in the current environment.
Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question, Ryan. Let me start with the Water business. The Water business is probably our highest recurring revenue business in terms of our customer relationships. It's very much embedded with the ongoing workflow for water safety testing, and we feel very good about the momentum in that business, as we reported 12% organic growth in the quarter.  And so I think the backdrop there is it's a strong global growth, good growth across regions. We have solid net price realization as well. And we highlighted an acquisition this quarter, which complements our product offering. And so we feel very good about the momentum in that business, building off the progress that we've made recently. LPD, as we reported, had positive growth, 7% in the quarter. We were -- have worked through the tough compares that we've been facing in recent quarters in China. And actually, we're up against really an easy compare last year in China. It was probably our toughest quarter in the year. So we've worked through that, and we saw a positive benefit from health screen as a driver. And overall, kind of modest growth, mode growth in our testing areas. I think it is an area that we're paying attention to in terms of macro backdrop. But I think we've worked through the tougher compares here and feel that we're positioned for positive growth moving forward.
