Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. It's a wonderful situation, Ryan, because we really see attractive markets, of course, in the U.S. which is, by the way, two-thirds of global market today, as silly as that seems, for Companion Animal Diagnostics, and great opportunities really around the world. As you know, in international geographies, over the last several years, we have moved to more and more of a fully direct presence in many countries and roughly 70% of our Companion Animal revenues outside the U.S. are now sold through direct organizations and 30% through hybrid or distribution. We think at this point we're about at the right mix, but those have been some very significant investments. And now we're seeing the return on those investments. And they're led by – outside the U.S. They are led by just the exceptional opportunity we have for Catalyst placements and they're – it's a high growth, and I think we feel comfortable with the growth and investments we're making there. In the U.S. market, we're just seeing a tremendous response to our innovation portfolio. The U.S. market is a more sophisticated market. But it's shocking, Ryan. We estimate that only 7% of clinical visits, a chemistry panel, just a chemistry panel is run. Only 7%, and yet best practice, evidence-based medicine would suggest that preventive care, including routine wellness testing is really appropriate given we find things. So, that 7% is just a small fraction of where we think it could be. And the responses we're seeing to things like SDMA or SediVue, or now the incredible response to the SNAP Pro, which is primarily a U.S. market because, of course, it leverages the rapid assay behind, means that the constraint here is more customer presence. And so, based on the momentum we have in the U.S., we think that augmenting our investments here is going to help us support our 10%-plus organic growth of the company as a whole into future years.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. It's just – kind of building on that comment, Ryan. We're not a company that makes a lot of acquisitions. I mean, we make acquisitions when they fit into our core strategy. We're very interested in it, but there's just not that many to do. So, our types of investments we're making are – they're more organic, but we think that has the best ROI.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. We measure the retention trends for our instrument customer base as a whole. And we've seen an improving trend in those retention levels for the consumables that come from our instrument customers and we're around – and that's improving every quarter, at low rates at this point. But we're at 98% retention. So, that's – and this quarter is a little better than last and last quarter is a little better than the quarter before. And so, we're pleased with that and...
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. The other thing, Ryan, we're seeing is we've shared this metric from time to time, the percentage of our customers that we believe are loyal customers or significant customers for both our in-house and reference lab. And, I think, several years ago, we said that was in the high-30%s, 36% to 38%, depending on what year you picked. We're now at 47% of our customers who are loyal in one or the other or both of the in-house instrument and reference lab, are loyal in both. It's an interesting number because it has grown, but it's still below 50%, which just shows how much runway we have ahead to continue to build a complete diagnostic experience with our customers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And Erin, from a modality point of view, obviously, we've got volume leverage and productivity initiatives in our core reference lab networks around the world, the benefit from the double-digit growth we're seeing in the lab business. And on the VetLab side, obviously, the growth in the – that's a good business and the growth in the recurring revenues of VetLab consumables, both of those augmented by a couple percent price realization and effective management of costs are two of the big – I think between the two of those, it's easily over 60% of IDEXX's total revenues.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Thank you. We go through a systematic process of looking at our account coverage around the country. And it's a pretty complicated process because you have to kind of redraw the lines. So, we see where we see the highest ROI. And some of that is in having fewer accounts per rep, so that reps can call on those accounts because that's what grows the revenues. And some of it is covering some of what we call the white space which is the – I don't know, roughly 5% or 6% of the country that we don't have direct account coverage because it's highly rural. We cover by phone, but now we're adding some account coverage. So, this is really the highest ROI places to make those investments. Those 45 reps are, of course, both sales and our field support organization, both of which are highly appreciated by the customers and help drive growth. It generally takes a quarter for them to get trained and get into those territories. I think they start generating a return after that quarter. So, we're really timing this so we're going to be in great shape for the fourth quarter of 2017, always an important instrument placement quarter. But they grow in productivity over time. You can just see what's happened, we did the expansion in the beginning of 2015, and we're still seeing productivity growth from that expansion in the first quarter of 2017. So, it's a – you get growth in productivity of those reps. With regard to your comments of international, we think we're about – right now in terms of the 70% direct and 30%, now 30%, many of those, we do have a strong in-country presence, but we also work with distribution. Sometimes they provide logistics or collections or sometimes there's a full presence. And supporting our distributors is – these are generally more emerging markets and – or places where it's just not – doesn't make sense to have a direct presence. So, I think we're going to, obviously, be continuing to grow appropriately our feet on the street internationally consistent with the revenue growth. But I don't see – I think we've made the shifts we want to make in fully direct now for all intents and purposes. I think we have the right mix right now.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It's a – building on Brian's comment, it's a virtual cycle, and we can really see that in play in our revised guidance in 2017. As Brian said, we raised the constant-currency operating margin expansion guidance for the year to the high end of our long term of 75 to 100 basis points, and yet that's with augmented investments which we think will help us with longer term growth of that very profitable recurring revenue, which itself will help us with margins.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So, it's a virtual cycle, and it's driven by an incredible technology portfolio that we have, that quite frankly just gets better and better. I mean, that's what's interesting is, it's gotten better and better over the last five years. Starting with the launch of really back to launch of ProCyte and then Catalyst One and SDMA and SediVue and there's a whole lot going on in the information technology side, and so, we're really in a – all supported by the fact that people love their pets and are underserved by the veterinary profession today, and meaning that as vets get better at communicating the value of the services that they provide, pet owners respond and that's a lot of what's behind our technology and our commercial investment. So, it's a virtual cycle and we have long-term goals, and we manage that year-by-year within those long-term goals.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. The growth in reference lab is really three factors. One is that we're getting some price realization. Of course, everybody said, well, why did you offer SDMA at no incremental charge? Well, we did offer it at no incremental charge, but now the chemistry panel that all customers are getting is much higher value. And that allows us to realize price and realize some of that value in price. The second – and that's not a big number, as Brian said it was, I think, 3% in the quarter, 2% to 3% for the year. That's for all-U.S., but reference labs is a contributor to that, all-U.S. CAG recurring diagnostics. And second is that we are growing our customers that we have. They're growing. And sometimes, the customers don't give us all their lab business, but they're shifting more of their lab business to us. It's kind of hard for us to measure that. But we are growing our existing customers. Part of it is because they're adopting more testing. Maybe they're running more chemistry because it's a better case for preventative care. Maybe they are picking up a molecular diagnostics or fecal antigen that they previously were not – they were doing manually or just not doing at all. I mean, they're expanding their standard of care. And then the third is that we are adding customers and adding more customers at the same time that we're seeing improved retention rates with our existing customer base. Of course, all of that takes field presence to make that happen. It doesn't just happen. It happens because of our extraordinarily professional sales, professional service vets and the field support representatives that we have in the field that are the face of IDEXX to veterinary practices. And so, we think the opportunity is there on all three of those dimensions to continue to grow. What is actually – it's interesting, the reference lab is the largest diagnostic modality, largest contributor to our CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue growth.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Well, I think what we saw is we have seen the tremendous response to our innovation in the field and yet we believe that the constraint here is time with customers. The more we call on customers the faster they grow. And so, it's a tough call. Okay. It's a tough call about when or where or what rate to make incremental investments but obviously we're able to do it and expand our operating margin target for the year which is good. I mean, we feel good about both of those. Where will that go going forward? It's a tough call. The other thing we have going on is we're continuing to see growth in productivity of our field professionals. I just want to correct you on one thing, the 435, those are only the people in the field calling on customers. They include sales reps, they include our field support representatives are highly valued and they include our professional service and veterinarians. They do not include people on the phone that are sales or support. They do not include managers. They're just field feet on the street. It's a very, very clean metric. And so, we think it's the right call. Given the incredible response we're seeing, I mean, the over 1,000 SNAP Pros and the momentum in that business, we actually ended the quarter with a backlog, that's just the number that we installed. That's just – I remember you asking me about SNAP Pros two years ago, why can't we have more SNAP Pro placements? Well, we got more SNAP Pro placements now. And look at the competitive Catalyst, 18% year-over-year growth in competitive and greenfield Catalyst placements. And look at the 14% EVI productivity. Part of that is coming from the maturation of the sales organization, and part of that's coming from enabling support. We're actually fully moved to a new CRM. We're leveraging the salesforce.com platform, fully implemented now in the U.S. field organization and highly leveraged by the incredible data that we have that helps the rep support the customer. I mean, they have incredible data at their fingertips now, real-time, that helps them engage in very substantive conversations with customers where they can act like true diagnostic consultants how to expand the testing. And because now they have these relationships because they have enough customers, they can call on the average customer 10 times over the course of the year. And that's what we achieved in 2016. We see nice – that combined with professionalism and the data that they have at their disposal on our innovation portfolio, we see nice returns on that. So, it's an art, but we're pleased to be able to do it and expand our constant currency operating margin target.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Let me comment a little more about the lab. The lab is a very, very operationally intensive, hour-by-hour type of business, very different than our other businesses. And we are good, and we have the opportunity to get a lot better. And we are making systems and other types of investments that will be leverage-able over time. And it takes a while to roll those out in our different geographies. And we will get very good returns on that. Our primary goal here with the reference lab is to be able to serve the customer consistently and with quality. That is the number one thing that customers care about. They care about that before they care about an advanced test. So, that's table stakes. And so, we want to make sure that we are world-class in that capability. So, I would say with regard to the reference lab, we see long-term, very significant gross margin expansion in the reference lab, but it happens over time as we both get the leverage but also prioritize the customer experience.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And what it means is there's a lot of long-term runway. It means that the runway is there for many years to come. And it comes back to the enduring opportunity we see not only on the top-line growth but on the margin expansion. It's an enduring number. It may not be as much as you want in any one particular year but it has a long runway associated with it.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I really appreciate that question, too, and we measure this with every data source that we can get our hands on, some of which are proprietary to our own systems, and some of which are external validations of all different kinds. And the net of that is we really do not see a change. We don't see a deceleration, we don't see an acceleration. We see the trends that we have seen over the last several years are intact, the same rate. I think the so called deceleration that you saw in Q1 was really a comp issue because, as Brian said, you take the average two year stack growth, it was 6.8%. So...
Jonathan W. Ayers: 6.9%. Yeah. So, I think that you take the two years, add them together, and divide by two. So, yeah, I think everything that tells us this is kind of steady as you go, 5.5% to 6.5% same-store sales growth market at the practice level – of course there's a little bit of net practice formation that adds to that, diagnostics is growing faster, all those things, but really kind of a steady – as far as we can tell, it's steady.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It's mostly greater coverage in existing territories, and a small part of it is white space expansion. And the capacity is really to support the core lab, the existing products.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And what I would say about – we think in the near term, SediVue is mostly a North American product, a more sophisticated market and such, but the opportunity we have internationally is they could sell a SediVue or they could sell a Catalyst and get much higher consumables. So, our teams are still very focused on Catalyst placements, and that's higher economic value or ROI for them. So, SediVues are typically in the more sophisticated markets that are add-ons to existing customers, but I think you're going to – and we haven't completely rolled out SediVue internationally – it's going to occur over the course of the year. And so – but I think you're going to see it being mostly in the next couple of years, mostly a North American opportunity whereas Catalyst One is the international opportunity.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, as you can tell, it's not that great a correlation. I think, it's because we're expanding the diagnostic category; whereas, the clinic revenue is the entire revenue of the clinic of all customers, whether they are customers or not. Diagnostics is typically 15% of the total and a growing percent. So, there are going to be some disconnects between our innovation-based market expansion strategy in the diagnostics and software categories versus the entire practice revenue growth.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay. Thank you. I think that concludes the call. We appreciate all the questions. Again, I just want to thank everybody who dialed in And, again, congratulate our IDEXXers around the country and around the world for a great quarter and pursuit of the purpose to be a great company, that creates exceptional long-term value for our customers, employees and shareholders by enhancing the health and well-being of our pets, the people who love them, and livestock. Thank you very much. That closes the call.
Brian P. McKeon: Ryan, I'd just reinforce too. This is an investment that's based on an opportunity and a return from the opportunity. It's not a reaction to other dynamics. As you know, this is our core business. We know it well. And this is what we love to invest in, and when we see the opportunity for incremental growth and incremental return, we very much would like to invest towards that for – on an ongoing basis.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. I'd expand beyond that to say it's not just instruments, it's across modalities. We're seeing improving retention trends in the U.S. in reference lab, consumables, rapid assay. And it's one of the things that's helping our underlying growth. It's also helping improve our underlying net price realization. It's a very positive trend and goes back to some of the comments we were making about the network effect that, as we're bringing together different instrument solutions through integrated systems architecture and have invested well above $100 million plus ahead of the industry on these types of initiatives over time, we're seeing the benefits of that. And, I think, that aids retention and will continue to aid retention going forward.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. Erin, in simple terms, I think we had obviously a great start to the year in the first quarter. And looking ahead, we do see some incremental benefit from the stronger organic growth profile that we've highlighted, which is offset by the $10 million of incremental investment that we're advancing. And the net of that is it's a bit better than where we were in our original guidance, and it's at the high-end of our long-term goals. I think our long-term goals are consistent with where we've been, which is we see the opportunity to sustain 50 to 100 basis points of annual margin improvement. We think the gross margin will be a key driver of that, aided by strong growth in recurring revenues, CAG Diagnostics revenues, as well as productivity in areas like our lab business, ongoing improvement there. And we think that we can also get operating expense leverage as we continue to invest against the long-term potential of this highly profitable and durable annuity that is at the core of our economic model. So, a similar long-term outlook and we're tracking really well this year as we position ourselves for that 10% plus organic revenue growth goal that we're hoping to continue to achieve.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. I think we are targeting continued gross margin improvement. I think that the investments that we're talking about will be relatively more in the OpEx line in terms of how they're going to flow through the year. So, I mentioned Q2, the net of that will be relatively flat and that is we will have some ramp in the OpEx and some of the lab capacity investments are impacting gross margin, but those, of course, will pay off for us, it's basically they will ramp. But I think you should expect a profile moving forward in the near term that is margin gains driven by on the gross margin line and where we're reinvesting that in OpEx just given the growth opportunity we see.
Brian P. McKeon: I think we will continue to drive gross margin improvement. That is a key part of our goals, and I think if we're successful growing the way we think we can on the recurring CAG side. That will aid that dynamic. I think we always have the choice to govern the pace of the investment that we're investing back in the business. And just building on Jon's earlier comments, I think we want to build this annuity as large as we can make it, and so I think we try to calibrate that expectation to invest in things like the international opportunity and growing the U.S. market where it makes sense and on balance we still think that 50 to 100 basis points is a – I think it's very much aligned with how we think about managing the business, Derik.
Brian P. McKeon: I think we can always change that dynamic over time, but I think given the growth opportunities that we see, the broad range of innovation we're bringing to the market that requires support, not just from commercial resources but from enabling information technology, we think that's a reasonable balance and outlook for the business. This is clearly a very powerful business model that has a lot of profit potential and – but we think we're balancing that in the right kind of ways.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. Just on the performance, then I'll turn over to Jon, but we said it was 13% organic growth. It was actually a little bit higher than that, and it was comparable growth in U.S. and international markets. And to your point, Jon, I think we were up against some really strong compares. So, we agree that it was an excellent performance on the lab front, both U.S. and internationally.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. I do think we see good potential that flows from the incremental growth, as you point out. I think that the – that is offset to a degree by some of the investments that we're talking about and – which is supporting the long-term growth of the annuity. And on balance, we think that yields the outcome – the outlook for 75 to 100 bps is – of improvement this year is very reasonable in that context. And that's how we look at it kind of in an integrated way. So, I think we're acknowledging that there is good gross profit improvement potential, particularly for growing the recurring CAG modalities at a good rate. And we anticipate continuing to improve on the lab front as we grow. And so, I think we're aligned with that. It's just, it really comes back to, I think, fundamentally, how we are choosing to manage the business in the context of the growth potential that we see for the company. And we are going to balance margin improvement with reinvesting towards the long-term growth potential, and we think that's the way the company has been running for a long time very successfully. And we continue to see, particularly with the innovation pipeline that we have and the global market opportunity that continues to grow, a lot of opportunity to continue on that path. So, that's how we're choosing to manage the margin equation.
Brian P. McKeon: I think Jon is making a very important point, just to give you a sense of maybe the tone of the business right now and how we're managing things. We're growing very, very quickly. So, to have the kind of consistent double-digit organic growth in our reference labs, to execute that well, our number one priority is to make sure that we have flawless turnaround times and the capacity to do everything that we need to do to support our customers. And it's not to say that we're not trying to improve as we grow, but that's our first priority and that's certainly where the business context is now. So, on balance, I think we've got a reasonable outlook and we'll continue to try to perform well and deliver against that.
Brian P. McKeon: There were only 47 placements in international. So the bulk of that was North America placements. And just for clarity, Mark, we very consistently – if you go back over time and look at our premium instrument placements, Q1 is typically less than 20% of the full year number. And so that, it's very much aligned with our outlook for 2,000-plus placements. We feel we're right on track and it's very consistent seasonality that we've seen in our business for a number of years.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, we're comfortable. We've had a very successful program. We've bought back $3.2 billion worth of stock at an average price of $27 a share over time. So, this has been a long-term strategy that's had very good outcomes. We look at this on an ongoing basis. We try to understand our business strategy and the intrinsic value we see in the company, and to the degree that we have cash flow beyond the investments in the core business that we're generating, if we think there's value in share repurchases, we'll continue to allocate capital that way. That's been our past practice and we continue to have that level of confidence and that's what we were signaling today.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. When we report the market numbers, that's a same-store number for all sales in the clinic, and we believe diagnostics, itself, in the market is growing 1.5 to 2.5 points above that when you add in practice formation and our – the fact that diagnostics is growing quicker. And, of course, we're growing faster than market. So, I think those are the dynamics that contribute to the differences.
