Jon Ayers: Yeah, and the one addition I would add is when you said we’re going test I would say expand the profiles that they’re running. So obviously you see a bigger, you would see an increase in utilization per pet if you will and per pet sample. And then you would earn enough rebates to maybe for the new cost, monthly cost that you would incur associated with leasing the instrument and maintenance cost.
Jon Ayers: Yes. I’d say the -- we aren’t generally investing in that area and that the digital application I think is the first of a whole area. I would say where we see the real value is not just medical decision support but communication support in that conversation. Because medicine that can be practiced but that can’t be communicated to the pet owner and where the pet owner therefore doesn’t appreciate it and doesn’t do it, then isn’t medicine as practice. So, it’s all up to the pet owners to decide yeah I want to do this and I think what pets are appreciating is that they’re, in some ways they’re under attacked. They are under attacked by the Internet in all sorts of different ways, Internet pharmacies, looking on the Internet, Internets are dying self diagnosed pets, they are under attack by retail, and they got to stay relevant, but they can’t stay relevant. Because they have a relationship that one on one relationship, we can give them the tools to really deepen that relationship that increases their relevance and as we’ve seen from the data they can, they can grow effectively. There is plenty of demand by pet owners for care, for their pet, if they appreciate the value, that’s really not the constraint here; the constraint is the appreciation of their value.
Jon Ayers: Is that we’ve -- this has evolved overtime and these are generally new account placement strategies. Although we have another form of rebate that’s had some similarities to this that we had converted our customer base to in 2011 from a prior rebate structure that we had run for a number of years. And so there is really a lot of different flavors. And -- but we see, we’re very excited by how this really inspires customers to advance the standard of the care they can provide by really using the instruments that they were designed to be used. They can now run complete profiles, full 22 chemistries. That’s a good complete profile and a CBC that is really not different that they will get from the reference labs. And this has been the hallmark of IDEXX’s hematology strategy for many years and certainly augmented by the pro-sight and so what this does it sort of a final step here to move them to -- moving to in-house for standard first line diagnostic testing.
Jon Ayers: Miroslava, thanks for the question. Let me start with the last one first. I guess what’s driving our optimism is, like you said, there was a tremendous amount of economic volatility in the third quarter, stock market and other things, and yet our trends held and were every so slightly improved over the first two quarters. So they seemed to be somewhat robust to the noise that we make here. We’re hearing, its all over the math and in terms of what we hear from practices, but what we’re hearing more and more is okay I get it, it’s not going to improve that much, we’re not going to wait for turnarounds, what can I do in my practice to be more successful? What can I do to take control over my own destiny because the market is not going to help me? And then they’re inspired when they see their colleagues who are effectively growing with those strategies and so we see a slow and broader adoption of this chain. The veterinary profession historically never really had to worry about in inspiring pet owners because they just came in and they just asked for everything. And now they got a move to, it has become more of an economic necessity in the current environment where the consumers get tickled about everything to communicate the value of the rather sophisticated medicine that they’re able to practice. But of course they’re finding it, if they do so that the pet owner response. And so, there is, obviously there is practices in all stages of change that are going on, and we see it as incumbent upon us and of course we’re working with the industry partners too to do that because the veterinary profession is our channel to the ultimate market, which is healthcare demand.
Jon Ayers: Okay. So we gave our guidance for the full year, which of course implies for fourth quarter. No, we didn’t pull anything in from the fourth quarter to the third quarter with instruments, we usually get a placement back, if anything we had a little bit ever so stronger backlog going into the fourth quarter although it’s relatively small. We’re very confident of both fourth quarter and the full year placements based on the momentum that we have and then I did mention that what did not yet really kick in, in the third quarter was Japan for catalyst, over launch catalyst in Japan we had a limited launch to ensure really, really good customer experience. Japanese customers are the most discerning in the world on quality and it was a great limited launch and we’ll ramp it up in Q4. So we’ll get a little benefit from that. So we’re very confident of our full year numbers. With regard to the FTC, I’ve a couple of comments. First, we did receive a request for additional information in August from the FTC; we provided a response to that request. We have no reason to believe that the focus of the investigation has changed from really where it was than the whole time. Prior to this court request, we believe the FTC was getting fairly close to deciding on a resolution to the investigation. But at this time we believe the FTC has not made any decision and is still considering all the information that it has received over the last 18 months. I think it’s fair to say that there is no particular process here. We can’t really predict how long the investigation will continue or how it will be resolved. As we said before, we think we have many reasons, we have a strong legal position including the two federal court decisions in our favor on the same issue, as well as the obvious intense competition that we see in the marketplace, which benefits our customers and tends to indicate that our distribution contracts do not foreclose competition. I think there are many ways to access the bargain and people are being quite successful, our competitors are being quite successful and I’ll tell you it’s a very intense competition. Our strategy is to continue to innovate and as a result of the innovation provide a new value to veterinarians to handle the economy and to move the practice medicine forward.
Jon Ayers: Yeah just a follow-on, we really, the opportunity kind of it is on as exciting as ever, and of course what that does is drive long-term growth and shareholder value creation and we balance that with the need to generate good returns on the investments we’ve made historically as you would expect and you would see margin expansion in our two big businesses. The other thing John I’d say is I don’t know, think and it’s a surprise to anyone I mean we’re in a world of pretty big uncertainty. There is of course the economic uncertainty around the world, there is currency uncertainty, you have the currency assumptions that Merilee gave that implicit in our 2012 guidance. There is policy uncertainty. So we’re in a period of uncertainty and we think the guidance is appropriate given the all the factors that we’ve just discussed.
Jon Ayers: And that’s been our consistent practice. We’ve always had marketing incentive programs I think, as long as I can remember over the last decade, across our equipment and rapid assay business and they’re netted against revenues. The -- our marketing strategy has really had absolutely nothing to do with the FTC. I mean they’re just the right things to do from a innovation point of view, there is absolutely no connection. We are, as I said, we’re very confident and quite frankly it’s possible to think it could resolve in our favor sooner rather than later, but I think the other scenario if it doesn’t resolve for a long time I don’t, I think, but we’re not, we’re operating in an environment where we’re focused on competition, we’re focused on innovation and we’re focused on commitment to our distributors, that’s been consistent with our strategy over a couple of decades.
Jon Ayers: Yeah. The -- those are really two related businesses, one practice software business and the other one is the digital radiography business. I think the weaknesses has been more in the digital radiography business. The practice management software business has performed very well. As I mentioned, the mid-teens growth in the Cornerstone placement revenue, although there are other elements of the Cornerstone, of the practice management software, the other components of the revenue that’s the most strategic one because placements generate all the follow-on relationship. But on the digital side, I think we’re very excited about the new innovation that we brought in the mobile app and that really get people excited. And it’s something that we can do uniquely, because we’ve developed our own digital packs of software, that’s veterinary specific. We didn’t license the third-party software, we developed our own, we have fully control over that code, and it allows us to move in it’s own on current technology code all Java based, and it allows us to move very quickly on software innovations that are not just on the surface but fully integrated in the practice. I think what’s important here is that you can do things quickly on the surface, but they don’t really work very well on the practice, if they’re not fully integrated into the medical record and into the billing system more and more that is the standard and we’ve been the leader in that area, and allows us to introduce these new things like the digital labs that are, continue to add the benefit of that full integration.
Jon Ayers: Well, I think we’re very pleased and impressed with our performance of our colleagues in Europe. It has the highest growth rate region, which is at odds to what you may hear in the news. I think it’s because we’re bringing innovations up in our primary businesses of the in-house and the reference labs to Europe. And just seems like there is a lot of growth opportunity irrespective of economy. And as I think the other thing I would reinforce is despite the fact that Japan has had a tough economy, a Catalyst is very, very perfectly suited to the Japanese market and so we’re excited that we’re going to be ramping the Catalyst placements after a very successful limit launch period starting in the fourth quarter.
Jon Ayers: Yeah, we’ve had a variation of these types of protocol incentives with new product placements for the last three or four quarters. And so, but not every instrument is placed, we definitely we have a lot of different ways that we’ll place an instrument. So we compare instruments that are placed with those like a real time care protocol versus an instrument that was placed without that, with some other marketing program. And so we do compare it to a control group as best we can. I mean we’re scientists here as well as business people, so we take a scientific approach analyzing our financial data. And so it is -- it’s a 10% to 20% more profile is being run. So we’re talking about more samples being run, let alone the intensity of the number of tests that are run on that sample. Of course the intensity is partially offset by the rebate. But let me say that the intensity certainly makes up for the rebate. I will say that these are early returns and we’re tracking this. It’s better to have more numbers rather than less, and have risk of parsing the data too finely. It does appear that they’re improving, these returns are. I mean that the growth and the impact and the change are getting better to the extent that it’s able to pass that data. I think it’s generally consistent. We step back from all of this. This is what’s driving and a lot of moving parts in our consumable growth. There is domestic, there is international, there is visiting customers, there are new customers. Do they have a ProCyte? Do they have a LaserCyte? Have they added a ProCyte to an account that previously had a LaserCyte? That is we’re going to keep them pass that gives 5% to 10% increase in the supply sales when they add a faster hematology analyzer, the ProCyte replacing a LaserCyte. These are all the different factors that goes in and goes out, which I think gives us confidence to accelerating consumable growth, really under the umbrella of the value of point of care testing and real time care testing. And as I said in the script, I really don’t believe this actually takes away from the lab, I actually think it actually helps, certainly helps the practice. We’ve seen many, many individual cases where other areas of the practice have grown as a result of doing more testing right at the point of care including lab services, including supply sales, including treatments. And I think it’s because practice are learning that this helps them with, they’ve always focused on the pet and now they’re focusing well on the pet owner too.
Jon Ayers: I would say, if you look at kind of consumable volume generally and in North America, generally, over half of the consumables -- of the customers that generally, over half of the consumable volume are taking advantage of some kind of incentives, a protocol based incentive program. And that’s because we moved and there are lot of different flavors depending on, I think we’ve really refined in the third quarter of new instrument placements. But they’re lot different flavors and that’s because we move from a prior incentive program that was kind of not as effective it was sort of frequent flyer program type thing, the more IDEXX stuff you bought the more discount you got to ones that are really based on specific protocols that they run and we’re able to do that, because of the, as Merilee mentioned, the ability to move our installed base to Smart Service. So Smart Service happens to be a huge enabler to us being able to move to this different, more medically relevant incentive program.
Jon Ayers: It’s not all on IT, although we think IT is a very exciting area and certainly was the base for the lot of things I talked about the call Anne and so thank you for the question, and the opportunity to say it’s beyond IT. If we see opportunity for additional tests, whether they be run on our existing equipment, which is a very nice thing when you expand the menu on the equipment, you expand utilization, you expand the differentiation of that equipment and you didn’t have to place the equipment, you already have a ready installed base you can adopt it. We have some exciting developments in the area of our SNAP platform in the pipeline and we’re continuing to develop medically relevant specialized tests for the Reference Labs. So the whole area of the diagnostic technology is I think is just as an attractive pipeline as IT what I would, the reason why I focus on some of the technology IT areas is because it’s been becoming more important to us, but it doesn’t reduce the importance of the diagnostic innovation.
Jon Ayers: Yeah, it’s really hard to -- will let investors know as we know things, it’s because there is no particular set process, it’s not like going through the USDA or the new product approval. It’s really hard to speculate exactly how things might unfold. But as we’ve done I think from the very beginning, we discussed this from the very moment that we received an inquire from the FTC before it was ever moved into a formal investigation with the subpoena, we kept investors informed, we’ll actually be coming up on two years on this investigation soon. 
Jon Ayers: I want to thank everybody for joining the call and we look forward to discussing our full year results in January. Also I want to congratulate all the employees at IDEXX on continuing to deal, innovate, and grow, in what is I think otherwise somewhat stagnant economy. Thank you very much. 
Merilee Raines: David, I think that the driver here in a step-down is we’re going from pretty high growth in livestock and poultry to pretty flat growth in the fourth quarter as I indicated. I think if you were to look at our Companion Animal lines of business, you would see very consistent organic growth.
Merilee Raines: Let me start with the last question first, yes we did announce that the Board had, our Board of Directors had increased our share authorization by 4 million shares. This is something that we do, kind of typically as we find ourselves, working through our repurchase program. So it’s not really, we’re not indicating with this that we’re looking at any sort of acceleration in the program but more I’d say a continuation of our program that’s been quite consistent over a long period of time now with repurchase that reduces our weighted average share count by 2% to 3% per annum. So I think that what we’re looking at here as we talk about 2012. I guess one thing that I would say about the guidance just to reiterate because I know there were a lot of members that were mentioned but we do not have in this guidance three or four kinds of benefit from Federal R&D tax credit that of course we’re experiencing in 2011. So that’s just something to keep in mind, but it’s well I think if we -- well we haven’t given all the line item detail for 2012, yes for our P&L, I think that what we’re -- what we continue to target here, as we’ve said in the past is, something that on an annual basis should see 50 to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion over the next few years and it will vary a bit from year-to-year but that’s about what we’re targeting. And that balances the initiatives that we’re getting out of our two major businesses our in-clinic instruments, VetLab business and as well our Reference Labs. This is going to show up in the gross margin line, but we’re going to continue to make investments, they’re going to be in product innovation, they’re going to be in our commercial activities and things and we’re going to see those show up in OpEx. So I think between the balance of those two, we do expect that we’re going to see some margin expansion and we will fine tune all that and share that with you more explicitly in January.
Merilee Raines: All right. I will handle the accounting first. Yes the discounts they do get recorded in the top-line. Its -- we allocate those discounts across both the instruments and the consumables. So there is a reduction in the stated sales price of both the instruments and then the consumables as they’re sold off.
