Brian McKeon: Sure. Thanks, Mike, for your question. On OpEx, we're transitioning into a period now where we're comparing to more control cost levels from the prior year. I think you saw that in the second quarter where the comparable OpEx was up 20%. And we are starting to see some costs come back, things like healthcare accruals were up in the second quarter, we expect that to continue. And as the pandemic conditions hopefully continue to get eased, we expect to see some T&E come back. As well, we're advancing investments. We've talked about the commercial investments, particularly in areas like international and our R&D organization. We're leaning into the positive growth. And overall, we think that will create an environment where we've got sustained higher OpEx growth year-on-year and it will be above the revenue growth, which is now up against tougher compares. So that's really the dynamic that we're working through. I think it's all very healthy. We think we're on track for very good full year performance in terms of margin improvement, and look forward to building off that going forward. But second half, we'll be working through those dynamics.
Brian McKeon: Selectively, I wouldn't say it's been a big impact on our business. I think more just managing through keeping up with the high demand has been the bigger challenge for the business. And I think we've been able to manage those dynamics well. So it hasn't been as big a factor for us to date.
Brian McKeon: Yes, why don't I start and I think Jay can help with color on what we're seeing at the clinic level. The trends in the sector and in our growth held up very well in the second quarter. The CAG Dx recurring, as you note, on a two-year stack basis, that's the way we like to track it as we're working through some of these compares was a little above 16% is pretty much in line with what we saw in Q1 and Q4. And so that's very encouraging. I think we're benefiting from continued solid market trends at the clinic level. The visit number was down a bit Q4 to Q1, but the diagnostic revenue growth on a one-year and a two-year stack basis sustained at very good rates. So all indications are demand is holding up very well and that's informing our full year outlook, the higher end of our outlook ranges for the two-year trends to continue in the second half for CAD Dx recurring. And we obviously have a range because there may be some other dynamics that we don't anticipate that go on, and we're going to learn more as we're working through. Hopefully the economies continue to open, but I think we're very encouraged by the strong trends.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I think you're bridging math. We did have a couple cents from FX. I think stock comp was $0.06 from where we were. So that was about $0.08 of the $0.25. And the stock comp is the tax effect. I wouldn't know ezy. That is not something that we're -- in fact, that's a bit of a headwind for us as we integrate that acquisition. So the flow through is quite good. In terms of the increase on the full year, it's not fundamentally different than the outlook that we had before. I think we're very pleased to be able to raise the revenue number operationally and the EPS number operationally, and just building on the strong trends that we have in the business and that allows us to also continue to invest towards the future growth opportunities that we try to highlight. And I think we are very encouraged with the strong growth in our international business is reinforcing. That's a great place to invest and can really set us up to sustain the strong growth going forward.
Brian McKeon: We'll share more on that at Investor Day. I think it will be a similar discussion to dialogues we've had in the past. We think that we can build off the improvements that we were able to drive and will continue to target sort of that 50 to 100 basis points of annual comparable improvement over time. The drivers there is the strong CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth, enables us to do things like continue to improve our lab productivity and that's a positive driver for us. Still we think we've got ongoing runway to improve our gross margins. And it enables us to reinvest towards expanding the annuity in our business over the long term, which has been very high return on investment for us. And we try to calibrate that appropriately based on how we can execute and ensuring that we're delivering good financial performance annually. But we look forward to building on this progress. I think we're going to have some -- as we noted, some specific dynamics we’re working through here more just related to compares to the pandemics and some of the cost controls we had in place. But that's a near-term dynamic that we're confident we can manage.
Brian McKeon: We implemented at the height of the kind of early phase of the pandemic spread, salary and benefit freezes and a number of other actions, and that was a $25 million reduction to our plan levels. And so it gets a little noisy. As we work through the year, we started reinstating aspects of that. But we basically kept headcount controls in place and benefited from pretty significant year-on-year reductions in things like T&E and in healthcare costs. So, we'll continue to see dynamics from that. I think it was meaningful in Q2 relatively more than the balance of the year, but still something that will play out over the next couple of quarters. And we'll try to help you understand that dynamic as we report our results.
Brian McKeon: That's a good question. I think we're very pleased with that. It was about 1,100 basis points in Q2 and it was 900 in Q1. Normalized, it was about 1,000 to 1,100. And if I recall, we had some days effects in there. So we feel quite good about that. I think we've factored that thinking into our guidance range. And as we noted earlier, the high end is really sustaining those kind of trends, the strong two-year growth trends for the back half. So that's clearly a factor that helps to drive our confidence in that number.
Brian McKeon: It held up well. I think there's always a bit of quarter-to-quarter variability. Nothing really specifically. We're trying to highlight our trends were quite good. I think vets are very busy. I think that's one thing that we hear gives us a way so that could be a dynamic. But overall, I think the bigger theme is continued strong growth, and we're feeling good about our outlook.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Mike. Yes, as we indicated in the remarks, the practices are incredibly busy at this point, maybe never busier. And so they certainly welcome I think new menu, new tools, ProCyte One specifically, that helps with productivity. So the reception has been outstanding. We see in the case of the U.S., about 60% of our visits are now in person. Internationally, it's about 50% or so. So they really welcome the opportunity to reengage what they consider to be trusted advisors and partners in the field. And more and more they're looking to IDEXX to be able to provide the analyzers and software solutions that really help them from the standpoint of not just increasing patient care, which has always been the case, but also really driving staff productivity and communications within the practice and with their clients. So overall very, very positive. And we think that there's really an exceptional long-term opportunity, not just in hematology with the ProCyte One, but the entire in clinic that lab suite, because as you know, hematology and chemistry are also very often in vast majority of cases used together.
Jay Mazelsky: Just to build on that. Definitely the demand trends remain intact. And I think the execution and our ability to be able to build on that has also been very strong. We saw, as Brian indicated, 60% global two-year CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue. And if you break it down by region, it was 15.5% in the U.S. and international and really across all modalities. So the in-clinic, rapid essay and the reference lab business. I think the really positive thing on top of that was just the instrument placement, really strong growth coming off of a strong Q1 and the compare to a depressed level last year. Practices report, as I had indicated earlier, being extremely busy. It's not surprising given a lot of the factors we've talked about in the past, and they're looking more and more to be able to really partner with IDEXX and helping them increase the productivity of care workflow as well as the business itself.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. So we'll talk a bit about that at Investor Day in terms of how we're thinking about the international market and sort of what the end state is, and what the footprint should look like. What I will say is that our international investments, we're doing this on a rolling basis. As I indicated, three countries are behind us and three countries are now on the dock. And lots of -- I think the markets internationally are very robust. Veterinary practices are also busy. And we know that, from the standpoint of best or most optimized loading, we're still far off from where we are in the U.S. just by way of benchmark. We have about 120 accounts or so for per account manager. Internationally, it's a lot less. So we think that the investments internationally offer really good return. There's a lot of -- I think there's a lot of market development still before us. And again, we'll provide a little more specific meat on a bone when we meet in a couple of weeks.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, Jon, I'll take that. The veterinarians will tell you that they're extremely busy, and that's a good thing. So they at times may find themselves fatigued or not being able to take on new clients, and that's to be expected. Having said that, I think they're very creative at being able to increase the capacity within the practice, if you're doing things like adding staff and that sometimes takes time, increasing the number of exam rooms. I think they're investing in software and diagnostics and other tools that help them be more productive. So there's lots of things that they can do short term as well as intermediate term to be able to increase capacity, extending hours, using reference lab services, which takes some of the pressure off veterinary technicians. So, I think it's largely a good thing. And we're seeing some of the markets work in terms of dynamically being able to react to the increased demand.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So I mean that's situational. We don't have end market visibility in terms of how they're pricing to their clients. We obviously sell them diagnostic solutions that they markup on that insofar as they may be paying their staff more. I think what is true is their end markets are very robust, in that they do have room to increase prices without necessarily negatively impacting patient demand. But I think that's case by case. I think most practices are taking a long-term view and really they're very loyal, have very good relationships with pet owners, and they want to obviously maintain those. And where they have to raise prices I guess, bottom line is they do. But in most cases, what we're seeing is it is pretty moderate.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, Nate, the way we tend to think about that is it's also I think directly related to our execution, which has been excellent, both from an innovation standpoint and we have lots of new stuff, like ProCyte One and digital cytology and software solutions like ezyVet, and also our commercial expansion. So the market’s doing one thing, and it's a very strong market backdrop. And then our execution and ability to develop these markets is the other factor. And I think we've demonstrated a very strong execution in being able to do that. So we're optimistic.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So I'll talk about the innovation piece first. Our investment appetite for innovation has always been very high. We think that innovation at the end of the day produces differentiation and solves really challenging customer problems, both clinically and from a business standpoint. So if you look at 2020 last year, we came out with seven I think significant product and service introductions. And they were all extremely well received by our customers and adopted. So we continue to invest in innovation. We'll talk at Investor Day about our approach and the framework in terms of how we think about it, but it involves platforms and instruments and assays and obviously, software as we've talked about, but also innovation in terms of just business models and our reference lab network. So that's alive and well and continues to be a real focus area for us. In terms of your questions around regional differences and testing utilization, as indicated, we've seen really strong growth across the board. The U.S. and North America has much higher use of diagnostics, and that's something that we think over time we can drive increased market adoption internationally with -- the TAM is about 2x from a potential opportunity standpoint relative to the U.S., and that's a function of more than just commercial expansion. It's a function of really putting in place reference lab network like we've done in Kornwestheim, the centers of excellence and broader set of solutions that customers value so much. You do see some, and I would say modest differences just by country in terms of how they're reacting to the pandemic. So we've seen a little bit lower in-person visits in Europe relative to the U.S. U.S. is about 60%. Europe, for example, was 50%. But our ability to continue to support our customers and customers transacting business hasn't really changed as a result of that. I think they've adopted well to the changing environment, and they're seeing a lot of traffic just like we're seeing in the U.S.
Jay Mazelsky: Right. The 60% does refer to customer facing sales visits. That has gone up from what's plateau about 50% thereabouts at sort of the height of last year is a little bit below 50%. But we adapted very quickly to the changed environment. And obviously, it's a function of how things play out going forward, whether that continues to increase in terms of the Delta variant and some of the procedures local governments have put in place in addition to CDC. But we expect as the pandemic recedes that it will continue to increase our in-person visits, but to be determined.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I think there's been some great takeaways in terms of what visits really should be done in person versus where you can support the customer virtually. I think from the standpoint of getting those benefits from a productivity standpoint. I don't think we'd go back to 100%. Having said that, I think what our customers would like to say, given how busy they are is more efficient visits. So at one point, maybe they have time for 45 minutes or an hour, and now they'd like to be able to get them the same amount of work and conversation in 20 minutes or 25 minutes. So we think there's great opportunity there to help them and to increase productivity on both sides of the partnership.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay. I want to thank everybody for calling in. I also want to express my gratitude to the IDEXX team for their continued exceptional performance. We have an amazing purpose as a company and our employees represent our values every day. I couldn't be more appreciative of their efforts and what we accomplished this past quarter.  With that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys. Good morning. First question is centered on capacity. In the snapshot in the wellness clinical growth decelerated in a two-year stack basis to roughly 85%. It had been 12% to 13% stacked, again, the wellness the prior three quarters. And I feel sometimes Wall Street takes for granted by sort of the ability of an industry to absorb all the additional demand. We've actually anecdotally heard of some practices turning away new customers. So as market leaders, I’d love to get your thoughts, what are you guys hearing? Are there any capacity constraints going on in the industry that's pushing off wellness tests? And this might be a slight headwind for the industry, as we think about the next handful of quarters.
Jon Block: Okay. And maybe just part B to that one, a follow up. Are you seeing that translate from the veterinarians’ perspective on raising prices to the pet parent? In other words, the demand’s there. They're actually pushing through price. And does that give you guys an opportunity when we think about 2% to 3% annual price increases to maybe bump that up? And then I'll just ask my second question, if that's okay.
Jon Block: Okay. And then my second question, Brian, for you. I think I've got these numbers right, but you raised EPS from 1Q to 2Q and midpoint by $0.25. I think stock comp, tax and FX was $0.12 on the button. And I'm guessing ezy might have been another nickel. But can you talk about the flow through on that remaining 30 million of core revenue increase? It just seems like the incremental is on that 30 million if I run through the math. Is it too dissimilar from corporate averages? Is that true? And maybe is that reflective of what you're alluding to of some of the reinvestments in the business in the back part of the year? Thanks.
