Brian McKeon: Thanks, Chris. Yes, the guidance range represents about a 3% range. I think we highlighted in our comment some of the logic around the midpoint outlook, which largely captures, I think, the underlying sector trends that we've seen recently in the business, as well as the benefits that we're getting from our execution. The higher end of the range really builds in the potential for sector improvement. I think that we see clinical visit growth levels, same-store sales levels internationally have been below what we think will be the longer-term trends in our sector. And so that captures a potential for upside on that front as well as even stronger execution from our teams. And I think the downside from that midpoint view is capturing risks, including macro risks. And so it's not all that different than I think where we started last year, and we ended up delivering at the higher end of our range, supported by strong execution. So we'll always strive to do that, but that will involve some improvement in the sector trends in terms of the assumptions that we laid out.
Brian McKeon: Thanks, Nate. Yes, maybe I can start with your last question just to set context. But we had a very good finish to the year in terms of our performance. As you mentioned, the volume trends when you normalize for days effects, we had 4% volume growth US and internationally that was improved from a softer Q3 and actually was our strongest volume growth quarter for the year. So we feel very good about that, and reflects the ongoing benefits that we're getting from the strong execution by our teams. As we thought about our outlook for, and our plans, for 2024, we're looking to build on that. We highlighted that that's -- our volume growth expectation for the year at midpoint is roughly in line with the strong trends we have coming out of the second half, we'll get additional benefit from the pricing that we noted. I think before the weather impacts that we highlighted, we were -- our midpoint view was for largely flat clinical visits in 2024 in the US and somewhat similar trends in international, which had improved in the second half last year, but were still somewhat of a headwind. We explicitly factored in. We're about $10 million of impact, we think, in the US from the severe weather in January. So we're just trying to capture that in Q1 and flowing that through as well for the full year. But we think that's isolated to January. We're hopeful we'll see kind of or at least assuming we've got a flattening in trends and hopefully we'll see some improvement over time aligned with the long-term growth potential we see.
Brian McKeon: Mike, why don't I just briefly address the guidance question then let Jay talk more about the inVue launch? But the -- we've included the assumption for the launch in our overall guidance. It will be principally instrument revenue benefits in the fourth quarter, as we build the annuity revenues over time from that instrument, that it's all captured in our outlook.
Brian McKeon: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jon. Just to revisit what we shared was we're targeting 20 to 70 basis points of comparable improvement net of the 40 bps from -- headwind from the customer contract resolution payment. So normalized for that, that's 60 to 110 basis points. We think that will primarily be driven by gross margin gains, consistent with the progress that we supported our 110 basis point improvement in 2023. We benefit as we help our customers grow faster and CAG Diagnostic recurring revenues grow. That includes price benefits that help us to offset inflationary impacts. We're also continuing to benefit as we grow our cloud-based software business. It's an excellent business for us, and we're doing a great job expanding that business and improving our profitability in the software front. And also have an ongoing focus on improving our lab operations, including benefits from expanding our business. So we think we have a number of drivers that will help us to build on our gross profit gains. In terms of our investment profile, I think you highlight where our priorities are. We want to support our innovation agenda. That's an area that's been very high return for us over time. We obviously have the platform that we're launching this year and ongoing innovation that we're supporting. We're continuing to invest in our commercial operations. We had a US expansion recently that we invested in. And we'll continue to look at opportunities to enhance our commercial capability globally and be efficient overall and try to manage our OpEx largely in line with revenue growth. I think that's a reasonable assumption. I think if we do a better job of growing, grow faster, that always there's an opportunity to get some leverage on that front. But I think our plans are to sustain the OpEx investment in line with revenue and prioritize the innovation and commercial agenda.
Brian McKeon: Okay. So just on the first one, maybe a simple way to understand this is post Q1, we're, I think I said this in my comments, the midpoint assumes largely flat clinical business in the US. So we're trying to capture that there's about $10 million of headwind that we saw from January. Whether that's principally going to impact the US business, it is US risk, and that will -- we think we'll be seeing in the clinical visit numbers. So we're not trying to estimate that for Q1, but that's obviously a headwind that we're trying to factor in. But I think the bigger picture, Jon, is midpoint, is the midpoint assumptions are largely flat, US clinical visits in Q2 to Q4 timeframe. I think you had a question on price US versus international. We're not guiding regionally, but the 5%, we're expecting solid net price realization globally consistent with what we're able to execute this year. And so I think we're, again, without being specific, you should expect solid price realization in US and international regions. And days, we don't have a material kind of full year dynamic. We'll share clarity as we go through quarter-by-quarter on that, but we're not highlighting that as an issue in Q1 and it's -- or for the full year.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. And then -- and just to add some color to Brian's remarks. Yes, the end-market appears to be stabilized and healthy. There's good underlying client and pet owner demand, if you take a look at both practice revenue and clinic revenue, it was about 5% in the fourth quarter. From a positioning standpoint, I think customers appreciate the technology solutions that we bring across in all the diagnostic testing modalities. Even more so with software, I think there's a new hunger for really looking at tools that can help them run their practices better, whether it's workflow productivity play, communications, client and internal communications, but also as part of the delivery of care and the way it all integrates. So I think the assumption is that customers will continue to work through some of the capacity challenges that they've had and looking for tools and partnerships to be able to do that. And we're especially, I think, well positioned to help them.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Just some follow-up commentary on the inVue launch. Customers, I think, very excited to learn more about that, as well as our commercial organization. Talking to the customers who are looking for help with those very high-volume relevant tests that they do today, I think, with the ear cytology and blood morphology, it certainly fits into that profile. It helps address what I think is a gap from a care standpoint. Especially on the blood morphology standpoint where they'd like to do more blood morphologies, but due to the complexities and variability and time constraints with slides, they don't always do as many as they would like. to do. So we're very excited by that. And I think it fits the marketplace and it fits that need. And importantly, it doesn't add work. It's not moving work around. It eliminates work that would otherwise practices are left with. So I think it hits on both the cylinders of delivering excellent medical care but also workflow productivity improvements.
Jay Mazelsky: Sorry, Michael, you had also asked about the pricing piece. Keep in mind that pricing is -- there's a mix of combination by different customer types. And so there's not a single way to talk about it. We obviously have corporate customers who may be under longer-term contracts, as well as different program effects. So we think that the 5% debt that we provided as a guide both reflects -- is commensurate with the value that we're delivering and very much in line with what customers see from an IDEXX contribution standpoint. Keep in mind, we don't set the pet owner price. That's up to the veterinarian to decide how they decide to price that and mark it up. And typically, there's an uplift that they factor into their practice management systems. And they obviously price through differentiation -- and not just differentiation in terms of the test itself, but also the medical services piece of it.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So let me talk a little bit about inVue and some of the key opinion leader feedback. We've had a number of key opinion leaders involved as part of the upfront definition and development of inVue. So there's -- we typically do involve them when we're bringing something new to the market, new to the world like this. I think the exciting thing from their perspective is that you're looking at cellular structures, including intracellular structures within their natural state. When you prepare a slide, it's a 2D, I don't want to use the word squish, but I'll use the word you're sort of squishing it. So you're getting a non-natural look at it. When you have a three-dimensional view and can interrogate it in that natural state, you see things that you don't otherwise -- you wouldn't otherwise see and are able to provide differential diagnosis from that. So they're very excited by that. I think veterinarians, in general, are very excited by the fact that you don't have to prepare a slide. They know they spend 10 to 20 minutes on that. It's technique-sensitive, it's highly variable. Therefore, the output in interpretation is variable. So having a solution like that, that's relevant, that's something that they -- is well understood, I think they're very enthusiastic about that. With respect to innovation this year and announcing innovation, not going to talk about that. At this point, we're constantly innovating our product development pipeline, and funnel is filled with very interesting activities. And as we get closer to launch of particular assay or software or instrument, then we talk about it and then we'll disclose more.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So with respect to the point-of-care platform launches. We have a very well-defined tried and true method of developing platforms, putting it in the hands of customers, getting feedback in terms of how it works within a real operating environment. We know that there's a difference between bench-top development and what you see within the clinic when we launch something and begin shipping it. We want to make sure that the average time between support events are four, five, six years. These are world-class levels of performance. And our customers expect that of us. We don't want to premature launch and maybe have issues that are disruptive to the practice environment. So we're comfortable with what we've guided to in terms of the timing of that and making sure that it fits within software ecosystem and the overall operating environment of the practice itself. We're not further disclosing our next point-of-care platform other than what we've talked in the past, we have one, it's outside of the existing testing categories, and when we get closer to launch, we'll talk about it.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Our markets have been very competitive for a long time. I think new ownership hasn't really changed that dynamic. Some of our competitors were also partners with on the clinical services and equipment side. Customers have a choice. Our focus is on continuing to innovate to help address the challenging problems they have in the practice, whether it's capacity constraints, whether it's introducing new testing solutions, to give them better medical results. What we find at the end of the day is customers appreciate the integrated nature of our offering, the ability to generate seamless user-friendly, customer-friendly way these critical insights that inform great medical decisions that help produce outcomes and do it productively. That's where our focus is and that's where our focus is going to remain.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay. Thank you. So we don't have further questions. So with that, thank you for your questions. We'll now conclude our Q&A portion of this morning's call. It's been a pleasure to review another quarter of strong IDEXX results. In summary, IDEXX is well positioned to sustain the momentum we've built into 2024, which will continue to help us address the significant decades-long opportunity to raise the standard of care for companion animal health care. Our consistent strategy focused on supporting increased utilization of diagnostics is a key factor in elevating the standards of care and has helped us navigate the highly dynamic external environment in our sector. We look forward to continued strong execution against our strategic priorities by teams across IDEXX as we move forward through 2024 and beyond. So thank you for your participation this morning, and we'll now conclude the call.
