Brian McKeon: Yeah. Let me start with the operating margin clarification. You are right. The -- we have a compare here with the CEO transition charge that we tried to highlight. So our preliminary outlook of 100 basis points to 150 basis points, we noted included 50 basis points related to the comparison or favorability related to the charge, so if you adjust for that. It’s 50 basis points to 100 basis points which is very consistent with our long-term goals and what we were indicating, what our goals were for 2020 back at Investor Day. We are demonstrating that this is a leverageable business model that delivers a nice profit flow-through when we grow. At the rates we are targeting and have good progress with that as reflected in our Q3 results and our outlook for 2019. I would highlight heading into next year we have a couple of factors that are built into the operating margin outlook. One is that, we have two significant new facilities that are coming online next year or new core lab in Germany, as well as our new Westbook headquarters. And we will -- that will involve a level of incremental costs and we will grow into that overtime. But initially that will be something that has the effect of moderating margin gains. And as you pointed out, we have got the U.S. expansion, the additional expansion of U.S. commercial resources and we have a pretty healthy growth rate now in our year-on-year investment as we are fully ramped with our international expansion that we implemented a little earlier this year and we are investing in our R&D initiatives consistent with our stated goals. So we have got a healthy level of investment, some factors that will moderate kind of the upside on that. But we feel very comfortable with the underlying 50 basis points to 100 basis points of improvement outlook for next year. On revenue the 9% to 10.5%, we noted, reflects a consistent outlook for sustaining continued strong CAG Dx recurring revenue growth which is really the main driver of our of our growth outlook. We are looking to build on the solid progress we have made on both the U.S. and international fronts on growing CAG Dx recurring revenues, which are right in line with our long-term goal ranges. In terms of overall growth, I would highlight, we are continuing to maintain a calibrated outlook on LPD revenues. That is influenced by -- we still have some macro factors going on with African Swine fever and we are -- we didn’t know are going to be up again some tough compare on health for screening, which is a relatively smaller business for us, but we had much better-than-expected growth this year in that area and we are cautious about some potential pullback on that as dairy producers in places like Australia, New Zealand for rebuild their herds in 2020. So, it’s a smaller business for us, but at the margin that kind of reinforces to us our comfort levels with, the 9% to 10.5% overall organic growth outlook.
Brian McKeon: And Erin, we had 52 labs before -- in the U.S. before this and we will be adding a few additional locations, including the Core Lab for Marshfield, which we are as Jay mentioned it’s a really high quality operation.
Brian McKeon: Hey, Erin. Just on the days impact clarified. Basically, what we had in Q3 was an extra Monday. And so what that really impacted was our business, we do a lot of shipping on Monday so sees positive benefits to consumables and rapid assay, which we highlighted and actually very limited impact on labs, and it wouldn’t have really impacting the market metrics in that context, it’s more of a shipping dynamic.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. we -- in our preliminary guidance we don’t get that granular. We did want to highlight that in the 9% to 10.5% outlook we are looking to sustain the high level of growth that, this year we are guiding to 11.5% to 12%. So all indications are we are trending quite well and looking to build on that as in the U.S. right now we are about 11.5% adjusted for days year-to-date and kind of 13.5% in international and international actually improved a bit in the quarter. We had relatively better reference lab growth, which is something we have been working on. So we are looking to build on that, and we will be sharing more specifics as we get through the finalization of our planning process and we will share that on the year-end call.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. China, we had a very good performance on new and competitive placements and we continue to work through the lapping of compares to prior levels where we had high levels of vet test upgrades. So the mix has shifted. We are -- that does constrain our overall revenue growth, reported revenue growth somewhat, but I think the underlying quality of the placements we are doing new and competitive accounts across regions, contributed very high quality performance from our lens in the quarter and the double-digit EVI gains that we talked about. So, we feel good about the progress we are making across markets and that sets us up well. It’s really about expanding our global installed base, and as Jay highlighted, we are up 18% year-on-year with our catalyst installed base globally, and that really sets a solid foundation for continuing to grow our consumable revenues at high rates.
Brian McKeon: On Q4, we will have one less Monday, but we anticipate some positive benefit around the holiday week time link. So I think it’s a modest net headwind. There may be some modality impacts, but we are not calling that out and the team is telling me what the next year is -- it’s relative -- we get some benefit in Q1 for leap year, but I think on the full year, it’s relatively neutral.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. Just on your first question, our outlook for 2020 incorporate projections for growth across the business including adoption of our current innovations and any new introductions. So that’s factored in. We feel it’s very much in line with kind of how we have been trending. We always target growth, Jon, at the higher end of what we talk about, that’s what we try to execute and just calibrate that appropriately. But we are looking to build on the strong growth rates and are very comfortable with the outlook in the context of our long-term goals. And on your question related to interest expense, the -- it was $36 million and that included an assumption for -- we did not assume a change in interest rates. So I think that if there are reductions in things like variable interest rates we would there may be some modest benefit to that. But that was our assumption and it assumes a flat net leverage ratio, so basically will -- we saw some benefit this year, reductions in interest rates, we are not projecting the underlying interest rate rejections into next year in the broader market.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. So just on Marshfield, it’s a lab with national customers. So we see this as adding to our national capability. Within our guidance, Mark, it is roughly $15 million, the annualized revenue we expect is about $15 million from Marshfield, that’s what’s baked in and it’s offset by FX. So in terms of when you see our reported organic numbers those two factors offset. So I would say, we have got that factored in. We are very excited about adding Marshfield to the IDEXX family and working with their employees and very pleased with their capabilities. And as Jay mentioned, I think there’s real opportunities for us here nationally to leverage our innovations and expand our IDEXX business with those customers.
Jay Mazelsky: And Mike just in terms of the market itself we feel good about where the market is. As Brian indicated, we saw 2.7% clinical growth in Q3 over 5% revenue growth $5.3 million and that doesn’t include new practice formations. So our outlook assumes that the market stays in that range.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Ryan, thank you for the question. We are very excited by the Marshfield acquisition. It’s a high-quality, very professional laboratory, we are adding approximately 2,000 Marshfield customers. These -- some of which we already do business with. Our focus is really on being able to maintain continuity of service, understand the needs of those customers better and introduce some of the innovations that we have like SDMA and fecal antigen and VetConnect PLUS over time to them. So it’s a -- we think it’s a great acquisition, it’s a great laboratory and it fits in well with our overall strategy.
Jay Mazelsky: All right. Thank you, Ryan. Let me give you an overview of the model and I will give background on the why. Essentially, at its core, we are adding 23 territories and our model is we have a VDC per territory. So we will be going from 220 -- 227 territories to 250. On average, the VDC today has about 110 accounts and post-implementation of the expansion will be down to about 100 and as is the case when we expand the number of VDCs, we augment the number of field service reps to support them, generally two VDCs per single FSR. So any addition to the 23 VDCs and new territories, we are adding 12 FSR. So that represents the core of the change. And our thinking really is, when you take a look at our market. We have been growing strongly in the U.S. and the average business we do with the -- with our customers has grown. And so from both the depth and breadth standpoint, we have many customers that are 40%, 50% bigger in terms of the business they do with us just compared to three years ago. Their expectation as they do more business with us is that they see more of us, whether it’s full staff trainings or understanding their practice better, identifying opportunities where we can help them. And then you layer on top of that initiatives like preventive care, which take relatively more time of the VDC upfront, including things like on-boarding and getting those customers calling Marshfield Labs that I mentioned and the couple thousand of new customers. There’s a real draw on the capacity of our commercial channel. We tend to look -- there’s a couple of metrics that we look at, that sort of guide our thinking about this. One is a reach to revenue metrics, so if you take a look at Q3, we are about 90% reached the revenue, which is where, historically, we like to be. But when you take a look at reached a customer, which incorporates not just IDEXX customers, but competitive customers, we are about 75% or so. So we are a bit lower than we would like to be. We think there’s really good opportunity outside of the IDEXX installed base still. So that guided our thinking and how we implemented this.
Jay Mazelsky: All right. So there’s -- I will take a few of those. There are a number of questions in there. As I indicated, there’s about 2,000 in total Marshfield customers, many of whom we do business with currently. We haven’t broke out the specifics in terms of in what modality across all the modalities. Generally speaking, most customers in the U.S. do business with us and in some fashion, whether it’s rapid assay or our software products. So we do think that there’s a really nice opportunity to cross-sell, our full solutions. But our focus is really first on being able to understand those customer needs and work with them. In terms of, you had mentioned specifically competition to SDMA. In our view, there are really no comparable offerings, the SDMA in the marketplace. We continue to make excellent progress, expanding SDMA adoption is differentiated. I gave you some statistics in terms of not only the reference lab but SDMA on the slide, with our catalyst. We are super excited by the updated guidelines of virus that Elevates SDMA, really from an adjunct or chronic care disease treatment into a primary recommended diagnostics biomarker. Alongside puratone, of course, for staging of CKD, an important thing to keep in mind, in terms of the staging guidelines is that, veterinarians rely on them to classify by the patient, severity and progression of kidney disease. So this guides that the treatment paths that they take, it helps the market standardize on best care approaches for the patient. It drives -- we think more standardized or better outcomes for the marketplace as a whole. It assures the pet parents that their pets getting the best treatment. So we think this is a really big deal and that’s something we are excited by.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. The -- I mean, we think the market is healthy, it’s 2.7% clinical growth and that’s the important metric that we track, because it involves -- those visits involve diagnostics testing. The overall practice growth is $1.4 million in revenue at 5.3% was pretty healthy. It’s -- we think it’s largely consistent with what we have seen in the past. It does tend to be some variability quarter-to-quarter. We have got a pretty good beat on the market as a result of the -- our analytics approach with 7,500 practices. We take data from five of the leading PIM systems. So we have got a nice proportional both regional and practicized representation in this data and I think what it’s showing is pretty consistent, strong growth across the market.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So we saw really nice placement growth and consumables growth internationally, 20% normalized and I think if there is a couple of factors. It’s clearly been an ongoing focus for us. I think the maturing of our VDC model, continuing maturing of our VDC model is helpful. We are getting nice traction with the IDEXX 360 program, with our international customer’s, I think they appreciate what that brings in terms of flexibility in the ability to access our solutions. And the products themselves, it fits our international markets really well, I think we have said in the past that Catalyst One was initially designed for international markets in terms of its cost profile and physical footprint and we just -- we continue to see that bit in our sales momentum and Brian’s going to address the China question.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So I will take that. Thank you for the question, David. The -- our PIMS offering is very broad. So we address the market in the -- more of the advanced workflow with Cornerstone, but also those practices that may be single or mobile practices with NEO. And what we see is our veterinary customers like all customers, whether independent of industry, you appreciate ease of use benefits, they specifically focus at workflow, does it help them address the challenges, both from a care delivery standpoint, as well as a business standpoint in the practice. And what they are telling us with Cornerstone 9.1, which is our most recent revision, is that they really appreciate the improvements we have made in user interface and the ability to do the work that they do with fewer clicks, with just all the easiest benefits. So we are seeing really nice placements across the Board. It’s included, as I had mentioned, in our IDEXX 360 program, so more customers are deciding, choosing to go all in with us in terms of diagnostics and software, what they find is when they do that, it works better. In terms of Cornerstone Cloud, that as I indicated, is really in field trials. At this point, we think the marketplace over time will migrate at least in part, as you had indicated. PIM systems tend to be a bit sticky, but I think customers increasingly recognize that there are some benefits that having their software in the cloud in terms of lower cost for being able to maintain the hardware in the practices. And somewhat more quick or a number of revisions that they can expect on an ongoing basis without having to shutdown their practices for an hour, two hours, that type of thing. So lots of benefits, we think, over time, that the market will move in that direction, and we will be ready for it. Yeah, keep in mind, our NEO practice management system is already in the cloud.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So Jon, I think, it really comes down to what I was describing earlier. A number of our customers, a large number of our customers in our territories have gotten bigger over time. And there’s more demand from the VDC in terms of working with these customers. It’s an expectation that they have as they use more broader and deeper. And then when you take a look at some of these initiatives like preventive care, as I mentioned, they really do require more time upfront, in terms of getting these customers on-boarded and helping make them successful. You add in a couple of thousand more customers for Marshfield Labs. As well as what we said at Investor Day, it’s $11 billion addressable market, $3 billion in wellness business alone. So we continue to see that when we apply time with customers that they grow more and use more of our diagnostics and we do better. It really just comes down to that math.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So we are -- we just completed our expansion in Europe and internationally, and we are comfortable where we are. We think we have the right capacity to address the opportunity and our growth projections. So at this point, there’s no additional plans to go beyond that. It’s really -- our focus at this point is really maturing out the organization. What we find is that it takes time to continue to develop deeper relationships with customers and with those deeper relationships where we are able to grow, so that’s really the focus. In terms of the Reference Lab marketplace, as Brian indicated earlier we are pleased with where we are right now. We are focused on being able to improve our reference lab performance and we think, over time, with the IDEXX 360 program and the maturing of our VDC sales organization, we can build on that. We are excited to be able to bring on the new Reference Lab in Germany, we think that, that positions us well additional capacity in the future but no other specifics at this point.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay. And okay -- so thank you. With that, we will conclude the call. I want to thank our employees for the very strong progress and performance in Q3 and the advancement of our purpose, which is enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people and livestock around the world.
