Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay. Thank you, Bonnie. With me is Will Blanche, our VP of Finance and Interim CFO; and also Ed Garber, our Director of Investor Relations. I'm going to turn the call over to Will now to take you through the numbers and I'll come back with some color commentary.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Clearly, that was the sole reason for the decline in catalyst placements with U.S. and narrowing it more specifically, it was the Wave 2 regions, Canada actually did very well, we wanted well and internationally, we did well. But having said that, the quality of the placements was very strong as we've mentioned, in fact, if you just take the 3 quarters so far in 2013, we had almost a 20% increase in the number of competitive placements on an absolute basis. And competitive placements are new to IDEXX's, generating -- obviously, 100% new consumable growth. And I think, it's one of the underlying dynamics, along with strong loyalty of our customer base and the reason why we had the 15% adjusted for inventory factors and distributor inventory changes and other factors, 15% of consumable growth for our instrument line, globally.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. So the -- obviously, the cost of the 16% larger sales forces embedded in our operating expense metrics, we did have some one-time cost associated with the transformation that occurred over the first 3 quarters that we will not be recurring. We're basically through that now, and we are well into the model but, of course, the vast majority of our costs associated with providing a good economic experience for our reps, which is what allows them to build tenure and experience in the field, and I think a market-leading technology company.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. In general. There's different mixes, so the one-time costs are very small in relation to, of course, the expansion in the sales force. With regard to loyalty, it's very important metric. We're under -- we're over 98% year-over-year loyalty in the instrument consumables lines. I believe we are over 95% in the Rapid Assay line, loyalty and just under 95% in the reference lab line. And all those have been improving metrics over the course of the last, actually over the past 24 months. And we expect them to continue to improve because there's -- once people, I think, are using a highly differentiated line, they appreciate the value of the integrated and they're providing value to their clients and that's one of the benefits of working with IDEXX as a diagnostic partner.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. It's a great question. In Wave 1 and Wave 2 they're really wasn't much of a learning curve. I mean, they did very well. For example, the sales force had several different performance metrics of which instrument placements is an important one, but by no means they are only one. We have reference lab and Rapid Assay and of course, those loyalty metrics are feed into all of at. And as a whole, the Wave 1 exceeded their performance and the Wave 2 essentially met the goals that we gave them. So obviously, there was some outperformance in some areas that made up for underperformance in other areas.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, in terms of the number of activations, we're a little over 10,000, 10,200 in North America. And of course, we launched it in Canada in July. And Canada had really a very successful launch. We have a very, very strong reference lab business in Canada and I think that team just looked at the U.S. experience and with them, the learning curve as they watch the U.S. experience and think at a much faster launch than we did in the U.S. And we have -- we anticipate towards the end of the year to launch that in one international market and then over the course of 2014, and other international markets, so it will be a global rollout. That the next challenge for us with VetConnect PLUS is utilization. One thing is to activate it and have it available and the next thing is to use it. While the large majority -- the majority of customers who are activated are using one of the things that our new customers centric sales model does, it helps with customers with the change management of moving from sample-centric, getting the result from 1 sample on a piece of paper to a patient-centric looking at the result in the context of the diagnostic history that you have in VetConnect PLUS. So the behavior changes, as we all know, in the veterinary world, it happens not as fast as you would like, but if once it happens, they never go back. And so we have a cadre of customers, of several thousand customers who are very active users of VetConnect PLUS, and that's growing. We measure that now every month. And one of the key roles of the sales organization. It is hard to parse out why is the loyalty growing as a result of VetConnect PLUS versus the sales model versus our more expanded set of test menu, much many of our proprietary test are unavailable other than through IDEXX or strong customer service model that we have. We think they're all contributing factors and the loyalty is really a key component of our strategy going forward.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay. Thank you. That's a great question. It is -- there are 2 -- you can count -- put our diagnostics business, which I mentioned as you know, about 82%, 83% of the company into 2 categories. You have 92% of that business or 93% of that business is what we call recurring revenues or annuity. That's really all of the diagnostic recurring revenue and then the recurring revenue in the Practice Management and Digital Systems business associated with customer support, the broken -- and Pet Health Network Pro which is description-based targets, all recurring revenue, right? So, 93% of the Companion Animal business. If you look at the recurring revenue growth over the last 3 quarters, Jon, and I'm just giving you kind of approximate numbers from 7.5%, this is for CAG, 7.5% in the first quarter to 9.5% in the second quarter, to nearly 11% in the third quarter. Now the instrument placements are negative. Part of that is marketing programs and part of that is the volume of placements. But what's happening is we're placing in good accounts and that's helping contribute -- the volume may be down but the quality of those placements is good, and that's helping to continue. But I think we would all would say nearly 11% recurring revenue of growth, being 93% of the Companion Animal business. That's a good result. And so -- we're -- and that's the ultimate objective how we measure ourself. Because that revenues is, of course, the more profitable revenue. I'll turn it over to Will in terms of some of the dynamics that have changed from our prior thinking.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And then the other area that I would mention, would be the BioResearch business, which is a strong double-digit grower. But isn't achieving a very high growth rate that we had in our assumption. So that came down a little bit. And then finally, as Will mentioned in his up front comments, there is an increase in deferred revenues associated with capital placements that would apply to both, the digital, as well as -- actually all capital placement, digital instruments and Cornerstone placements, which is associated with our marketing programs and is a result of how those marketing programs are accounted for.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. If that's a yes or no question, that's a yes. On the 7% to 8% organic growth for 2014, I think you've laid it out well. You did mention our Nordic go direct, that is really a very, very successful. We've had almost triple-digit growth in Nordics in Q3. And we've just been a very -- it's not a big number, so it's one of the contributing factors to the nearly 10% Europe CAG growth, 9.5% or so. But it's a -- it's been a very, very successful strategy for us. And now, we've essentially, in a little bit different way. We've done that in Brazil, acquired a very, very successful distributor for us in the Dairy and Livestock area, and we think they're a great platform. We don't really have a strong presence in Brazil in either LPD or the Companion Animal business. It's no one really does, it's an undeveloped market. It's a big animal health market. And so we are excited about that. We also actually acquired a distributor of ours in South Africa, which is going to give us a bit of a go direct benefit in South Africa, combined with a strong local team. So these are just elements of our global strategy of continuing to get that close to customers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you, John. So the other thing we didn't expect is going to 55% plus competitive placements. I mean, that's a pretty -- that, that's the highest number we've achieved for Q2 was 45%. I mean, Q2 were 55% and 56%. So in competitive placement as a percentage of total, and the absolute number of competitive placements as I mentioned, up nearly 20%. For the first 3 quarters versus prior year was strong. So that was unexpected benefit to our model going forward. That's where the market opportunities, 87% of our -- of consumable or chemistry revenue comes from catalyst customers in North America right now, and they and there's still a lot of -- there are lot of -- they're still customers out there that we're upgrading every day. Obviously, that's makes the 44% of our placement. But I think we're getting better and better and more and more differentiated in talking to customers that are not currently using our technology and explaining some of the benefits, the clearly superior benefits that helps them grow their practicing as they move to certainly our inhouse platform, and combined with our reference lab platform giving them total diagnostic solution with the wraparound of VetConnect PLUS. We are getting better at that and there's a big opportunity out there, continuing opportunity, to grow the business. The other thing that's happening is we've got high loyalty. So once we get them, we keep them. And we're growing utilization of accounts, inspiring them with the importance of diagnostics as part of the practice of business model. And just -- finally, we're adding the tests. What we're adding in the reference lab is good, and we are very, very excited about the new test. It's probably I would call fructosamine the single most important individual test that we've launched in our chemistry platform in the last decade, because it is such an important disease, the diabetes. And just so if you understand, that this is equivalent to HB A1C in the human market. In other words, this measured glucose levels in the dog or cat over the past 2 to 3 weeks average. It's very, very hard to measure glucose, particularly in a cat. I know because I have a diabetic cat now. It's very hard to do so called glucose curves and so fructosamine is valued test and we're going to -- we're the only major platform that's got them on in-house now.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We like that customers as much as we like Catalyst customers. They give us good business, they have our in-house platform and it's being what they have showing in that VetTest to pick up the IVLS we've been selling since 2006. They can connect old model into VetConnect PLUS and that's a good customer for us. We'd like to inspire them, that's great. But in the meantime, it's good to have them as a customer in VetTest.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay, thank you. Again, we're not really in, as you mentioned, in a position to get too detailed, but we do have -- I think it's fair to say, we're going to be, of course, having passed the comps of 2013 with the kinds of things that we've done that brought our instrument revenues down but of course, have done a nice job in growing the recuring revenue portion of the consumables. And so, we also expect that we're going to be really, in 2014, getting to a state of maturity with the new diagnostic model. We just went through the first quarter and the fourth quarter we're primed, we're ready to go. We've got people in position, fourth quarter is an important quarter. But by the time we get to 2014, we're going to have these reps who really know the customers. An average rep is 150, 160 customers really start getting to know them. And again, these are all relatively new territories. And we're going to really see the benefits of not only the expanded feet on the street but the productivity per rep that we think will be a good driver to 2014. With regard to the economy, I don't think we're expecting any great things that are -- I don't expect it to be much different than it was in 2013.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It's really the same story that has been all year. All of our distributors are performing well. The relative performance that the different distributors really haven't changed over the course of this year in comparison to prior years. I think we have very, very engaged distributor group, and it really -- there really isn't any change. Distributors are good partners for us. We also recognize that our sales organization are the primary ones in terms of placing instruments and growing diagnostic revenues. We've gotten really great response from distributors for SNAP Pro. They really get it, they see it as basically an iPhone for SNAP. And it's going to be fun to introduce that to the market. And our distributors have been strong partners with us and figuring out exactly how to do that.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, the fact is they're consumable volume increased about 25%. So that's one of the things that happens. And what we're doing is we're really inspiring to use their in-house lab in a more client-centric way with Real-Time Care. And with this new coverage model, we're going to be back there after we place the instrument. We'll help them in learning how to utilize the instrument. And that's one of the nice things about this new model. You make a good point that we've got a relatively -- that the install base for chemistry is mostly a Catalyst now for our install base. But I have to tell you there is a tremendous opportunity out there. There is still opportunity for upgrades, although probably not as great as it was in a year ago but there's still an opportunity out there. But the big opportunity, which is no smaller today than it was in the past is the competitive switch, which is obviously, buybacks value creator for IDEXX shareholders. And of course, a good value creator for the customers too. And in addition, we do -- there's so much focus in the U.S. but we're doing really well outside the U.S. I mean, I'm very impressed with our teams around the world, whether it is in places like the U.K., or Germany, or Canada just did a great job with the transformation of the IDEXX diagnostics as a sales organization. Australia is doing very well. They were actually the original account coverage model. Japan is doing well. Other emerging markets. So these are all contributing factors to our, as I've mentioned, nearly 11% annuity growth that we saw in Q3 for the Companion Animal Group.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. So the base product is as you call base line in our pro description basis is a client -- is a software-as-service base client communication tool. So this is what allows you to send out an electronic minders as the Petly page which we've got tremendous response from both practices and pet owners. Where all were health informations online. It allows you to book appointments, integrated with Cornerstone. You can send out newsletters, it allows you to manage your reviews online. With Google and Yelp, this is turning to be a more and more important issue. So all a lot of different functionality in Pet Health Network Pro. And then Pet Health Network 3D is a -- you just have to see it and those of you who come to the North America veterinarian conference -- will is an imagining -- It gives you very clear illustrations, interactive images of different pet conditions. So you look inside the pet. And it helps the veterinarian primarily in the office explain what's going on with the pet. And then e-mail a link to the pet owner and other family members so they can see what is the condition that has been discovered, and what will be the treatment plan. So that's the difference between the two.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We don't expect any changes. All of our contracts with the exception of the one with MWI, which was a 2-year associated with the change in the moving to nonexclusive in the lower margin. They are all annual, they've always been annual. We expect the annual renewal, we've good relationships with them, we continue to work closely with distributors to help them grow the IDEXX line. The IDEXX line is, it obviously, when you're looking at kind of consumable growth of 15% that they're distributing is an important line. That's a strategic line. So we really expect no change in the model in 2014 or even 2015 from where we are today.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. So that, we were talking about our Liepzig IDEXX direct lab, which is co-located with DHL in Liepzig Germany. It gives an improved -- it gives really that late pickup early-morning turnaround time that we're used to in the U.S. but is not of standard model in the vast majority of Europe. In key countries that's really helping us grow the lab services in Europe, would of course be Germany, but also Italy. And it's been one of the contributing factors to the success in the Nordic go direct. In fact, we had direct reps there for labs prior to 2013, but now we have the full coverage account model with in-house and lab and we've been very, very successful. But we're going to continue to roll that out to other countries that are supported by the DHL network. If you reflect back strategically, I think it was in 2008 when we opened the Memphis lab and is now the largest lab in North America, because of that very, very successful direct model using FedEx. And we really see long term strategically that Leipzig will -- could be that too in strong partnership with our core lab as really advanced testing capability that works closely with Leipzig in Ludwigsburg. But Leipzig is the fast turnaround overnight results the next morning model. And that's really bringing a completely different service level. So we're not only winning new customers, we are aggressively growing existing customers that are benefiting from that service model.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. So they are -- I think they are primarily -- those who have another -- don't have IDEXX for their in-house but have an in-house analyzers and they switch to IDEXX. There's, another category of brand new practices. It's a small category but there's always new practices being formed. With regard to, I think over 90%, I would say 90% to 95% of customers already have chemistry analyzer. So it's not like exactly that we are converting people who weren't using in-house lab, they are using in-house lab, although we may be converting people from using their in-house lab to some degree to realizing the benefit of Real-Time Care. So the basic question is, why ask the customer to wait when you can run it now? Why ask the customer to come back? Why ask the customer to come a few days early to run the pre when you can run it the morning of the surgery? In this environment, people don't want to wait. They both want to drive to the practice more often than they had to, conveniences is the order of the day. And I think practices are understanding the convenience model. And our in-house instruments are uniquely designed to provide results within the practice -- within the appointment because of the fast turnaround time for both chemistry and hematology and certainly combined with VetConnect PLUS, we can have those results anytime, anywhere in the practice. So it really is uniquely designed for Real-Time Care scenario. So many times when we upgrade customer to IDEXX technology, they all are running more of their work in-house. I think we've seen a very, very slow -- we talked about this with you in the past. We are seeing a very, very slow shift of core chemistry and hematology from the reference lab to in-houses. Very slow, but it’s happening. These things can happen in slow motion, in the veterinary world. Our reference lab is doing well because we're back filling with new specialized tests and of course, growing that number of customers. So as we introduced a whole new category of cardiac disease, or allergy, or molecular diagnostics, these are -- these things are helping contribute to growth in the reference lab and these are technologies that are not available in the Real-Time Care modality.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It's just normal, capital expansion associated with volumes. But that's normal run rate stuff. One of the things that we did complete in 2013 was our expansion here of our facility in May. So we're not going to have to do that again. But there's always growing. When you grow consumable by 15%, you need to continue to invest in production. But that's all in the normal ordinary course of business. We haven't given specific items but I don't see anything unusual in 2014.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We're really pleased with the success with Cornerstone. We've seen -- we had some rep transition issues in our Cornerstone business, kind of like we had in our Digital business that hurts a little bit in the first and second quarter, but we'll talk about taking a little bit longer to get the new digital reps up to speed. We haven't had that issue on Cornerstone. We had a very strong Cornerstone placement. And of course, I think that goes -- it works very, very well with Pethelp network to products. We just remind investors that client communications is really being recognized more and more, a key capability of the practice, and we are the only partner who can provide a client communications tool that is fully integrated with the practice management. And that turns out to be really important because if you want to share exam results, you've got to be integrated. If you want the pet owner to be able to book an appointment with -- through their Petly page, it's going to integrated with the practice management software. And so, I think we're really pleased with the success we had in a moment and we had in both those related product lines, we've got that established in Q3. Thank you for your questionnaire.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay. I want to thank everybody for being on the call. And I certainly want to -- a huge congratulations to our North American sales and marketing organization. They've really stepped up and it was a lot of change and we're through that period now and we're settled down and we're learning new model and it's been a tremendous accomplishment. But we've also had what I would say is extraordinary performance with our regions around the world. So I just want to -- I do want to thank everybody and again, we're going to be looking forward to updating you on the full year performance in January and giving more details on the 2014 outlook. And that concludes the call.
Willard R. Blanche: Just quickly on that point, though, what I would add is that even though there was a one-time cost in the first part of the year, we have expanded our sales force. And so, we continue -- we've continued to expect that we will not have leverage on the operating...
Willard R. Blanche: Thanks, Jon. I think really important dynamics here and I think what's really driving some of that strong annuity growth is -- I go back to the quality of the instrument placements and so, while what is causing the decline in revenues in Q2 versus just a 8 weeks ago, is really the number of placements. The quality of those placements as really made up for it. I think we've mentioned on past calls that a competitive placement for us produces approximately 5x the value of a upgrade of one of our own customers. And the competitive placement do take a little bit more time and so we think that, that really has resulted in lower instrument revenues, but producing higher consumable revenues. And so it really is an instrument story. That lab instrument. And then I mentioned also digital placements. We did have some new reps. Our expectation was that they would come up the curve a little bit quicker than they have. But they've made really solid continuing improvements, which gives us more comfort with Q4, but not to the extent that we've had before. So those are really the 2 primary factors, Jon.
Willard R. Blanche: Just to add a little bit of color on the, what you're mentioning before about the instrument placement numbers. And certainly, they are very strong, just to go back to that, very strong competitive numbers. And so it really points to the VetTest upgrades. That's one thing that we really do believe that in the new diagnostic consultant model, that they are going to become partners with these practices, and that could result in us being able to accelerate the continued transition of our VetConnect prior VetTest customers up to catalyst customers. But even those prior VetTest customers, very loyal group of customers.
Willard R. Blanche: And in fact, John, for I think some of the experience, better service levels, we are actually seeing the customers that are of the Leipzig lab growing 30% faster, 30% versus 10% with our other customers. And so we're really seeing just very strong growth and customers are really liking the service that is being provided by the Leipzig lab.
Willard R. Blanche: No. I don't think so. I mean, we mentioned the CapEx guidance for the current year of around $90 million, but for next year, no. There's nothing that we're expecting.
