Jonathan Ayers: I will just remind, thanks for the question Ryan, and just to remind investors, as we expected that the new agreement with MWI would transitioned to 10% margin for them, or say a targeted margin based on the retail price or clinic price of our products from 15%. So there would be 5% margin there. It’s hard to say because it’s really a mixture of a lot of different things, money is fungible, and it’s probably a combination of everything that you mentioned. 
Jonathan Ayers: Yes, I think the market is fine and I don’t really see the competitive pressure, it’s a very competitive market of course, I don’t really see it any different in Q3 than it was in prior quarters. We did have a lot of new launches and we had some management that – new management, managements that changed position in the first part of the quarter. So, I think it’s kind of a transitory thing. I also reinforce Merilee’s point that we had a very strong instrument placement in quarter last year, so the year-over-year compares is a little bit tough. Instrument placements can have very strong quarters and quarters like Q3, but we are very excited about the momentum and we are also excited about the quality of our placements. Quality can be measured in a couple of dimensions. One is the percent of new customers and Merilee mentioned that, the 40% for the Catalyst placements, and the second is the size of the customers. We are continuing to win big customers. For example, we completed outfitting the Animal Medical Center in New York City, which is the world’s -- probably largest and most well-known veterinary practice and now it is all IDEXX with Cornerstone that went into Q3, we have a lab there, they have our in-house equipment. It’s a great example of the kind of big accounts that we are winning. If you look at Q3, one of the things that we are very pleased about is the continued momentum in the core annuity portion of the business that is the consumables and the labs. That just continued to power along as you heard from the metrics from Merilee. So, that gives us confidence with the outlook.
Jonathan Ayers: I think it is important question, Dave, and I really appreciate it. In addition to the factors that Merilee has mentioned, you mentioned that the change in the US distribution, I think it is important to recognize, as Merilee mentioned in her prepared comments that 80% of our Chemistry consumables that are served by the market that distribution serves, you take out corporate accounts, 80% of those even today and if that percentage continues to grow is what Catalyst chemistry analyzes. The loyalty we have on Catalyst is over 99%. It’s hard to get much better than that. People love Catalyst, they love everything about it, and in addition when they start using VetConnect PLUS, they are going to love it even more. It’s a very, very loyal customer base and the vast majority of our consumables today are actually coming from that portion of the Chemistry base.  In addition, we have a couple of hundred reps in the field. We have three times that number of distributor reps. We have a wonderful relationship with all of our US distributors, including a continuing strategic relationship with MWI, particularly because they are also helping us with the Cornerstone software. So, really, the changes is really a minor aspect when you look at the -- first of all, the innovation we are bringing in the market, the situation that we have and of course the breadth of go-to-market channels and assets that we use to commercialize our product. So, we are very excited about 2013.
Jonathan Ayers: They both grew but the practice management was clearly the lead horse in that low double-digit growth of that product line.
Jonathan Ayers: It is embedded in our guidance and I think we are very pleased with -- I want to say 5% organic growth in Europe for our Companion Animal business and no impact from the new lab because it actually didn’t start operating until this month, October, and it’s really just starting to crank up. So, we really see it being a 2013 contributor, but we are very pleased because it is in operation. It was a significant investment but a core lab and using a new logistics network. We know how to do it, we have been very successful with Memphis which didn’t exist 4 years ago, it’s now our largest lab in North America and so we are using that model for serving Continental Europe.
Jonathan Ayers: Okay, those are two great questions, thanks. On VetConnect PLUS we do believe it has the potential to drive diagnostic utilization, as I said in my upfront comments. What I will say is in veterinary medicine behavior change happens over time in strong waves but it happens slowly. It plays out slowly. So, we believe that as veterinarians experience a particular case where they are able to see inside from changes in the individual patient’s parameters from the individual reference range but still within the reference range of the species and they are able to make better diagnosis and have pretty fabulous experience with those pets, they and their staff will then have further impetus to go really communicate the value of preventative care diagnostics with pet owners and it is so intuitive with the graphing tool, but that’s going to be a megatrend in my view. I think it is going to be a megatrend in all medicine but we are leading the way in veterinary medicine because we can innovate faster. I think that’s going to be a megatrend that will play out over the next half decade as an example. So, it is a powerful long-term trend but it takes a while for veterinarians to see this.  What we do know is the clinical basis, the clinical pathologists have been teaching the value of trending for decades. So this is on extremely solid medical ground as far as the academicians and the key opinion leaders are, and it is really just bringing it to practice. On Pet Health Network Pro, it is a great business because it is a subscription-based business and it has the characteristics of a software-as-a-service type business, and it will be contributor to our organic growth, but in the mix of $1.4 billion it is going to be one of the many things that will contribute to our growth, probably won’t be material in and of itself.
Jonathan Ayers: I wouldn’t say the competitive environment is any different today than it was 6 months, a year-and-a-half ago. It’s a very competitive environment in the reference lab business. We have one large competitor who is quite confident and capable and we have to compete with them every day, an addition of one lab when you got, I don’t know, probably between the two of us close to 100 labs there is not really -- I don't think we can really see that. But we are excited that we have new elements of clear differentiation with our reference labs with VetConnect PLUS that will give us additional competitive advantage as we go into 2013, both on customer acquisitions, but also customer loyalty. I mentioned the extremely high loyalty we have in the Catalyst. The labs is not as high it is in the ‘90s, mid-90s at loyalty, but if you go from the mid-90s to high-90s in loyalty that change in percentage loyalty you can just add right to your growth all other things being equal. So we are very excited about the lab business.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. We are very pleased with the rollout of allergy. It is actually one of the many contributors to the reference lab growth because it's an entirely new product line for us, and of course, gives us one more element of menu differentiation with the reference lab. And so, I would say that, that is as successful as we have expected to be, and of course, that’s going to be really a global offering because it turns out pets get allergies everywhere, and there is pretty well developed. There’s actually more developed market in allergy in Europe than there is in the U.S. So, we would see that there is an existing business there and then there is the opportunity to develop the allergy business as we go forward in the U.S.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, I would say, having actually lived in Asia a long time ago, it is a little different geography, it is big. And the nice thing about Germany is you have got continental Europe and you can do the flights relatively straightforward on logistics network, and of course, DHL is well situated. Asia is just about -- it is a vast geographic distances. So, we are excited about Asia, we are excited about the 20% plus organic growth that we achieved in IDEXX in our Asia businesses. And the outlook is good there, but probably how we are going to continue to do that in the lab business will play out over time and probably, I am not sure I would see a core lab for the hemisphere in the same way we have it for North America and the Europe continent.
Jonathan Ayers: Right. And what you might call same-clinic sales or same-store sales, (inaudible), but we are cautious on that and grow as steady as you goes, not worst, but not better than it has been historically. I will say though, if the number of innovations we have at IDEXX is such that don't always bring them up. In the lab business, we introduced a new menu item in October. We are pretty excited about from a medical point of view and that is our complete blood count, CBC, which is on majority of standard profiles that our central lab has got an upgrade and one of its important parameter is (inaudible), which is really again at the forefront of advances in medicine and the value of the CBC.  So, we are just, it’s that steady stream of new menu innovation that we almost take for granted right now, but each one is pretty exciting in its own rights that continues to set us in unique place in terms of the forefront of veterinarian medicine with our standard lab offering.
Jonathan Ayers: I will say though, speaking of Asia here and strong performance we have, we are very pleased with how Japan did. And part of that was the introduction of ProCyte in Japan, which is actually not surprising. If you think about it being extremely well-received, Japanese are very picky about their medical technology and they really demand the highest standard of excellence and reliability. And of course, ProCyte meets that standard and it's also manufactured in Japan.  So, we really did have ProCyte and Catalysts and actually even the reference lab in Japan were all contributors to that good growth in Asia Pacific. It was certainly China and Australia and other places were also contributors, but we are in particular pleased with the Companion Animal business in Japan, which is a big market and one that overall our share in diagnostics is substantially lower than it is in other international markets.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, I want to thank all shareholders and investors for your continued confidence and for attending the call. I also want to take this opportunity again to thank all of our employees who may be listening to the call, and many do, because it is a good opportunity to get an overall update. And it is only because of our employees that we are able to continue to be successfully serving our customers with these kinds of innovations. So, with that, we are going to conclude the call, and we will be talking to you with our fourth quarter results in January.
Merilee Raines: Sure, David. I will take a stab at that and Jon may add some things as well. Of course, in January we will get into more detail by product line, but I would say at a higher level there are a few things that are driving that step-up in organic growth. First, we do expect that the information innovation such as VetConnect PLUS and Pet Health Network Pro will generate volume growth both via account acquisition and also an increase in account loyalty. And as well, because of the value of those offerings bring to our entire portfolio we will see increased price realization. In addition, we will have some favorability or we expect some favorability in price as we anniversary to ramp-up some marketing programs, programs such as the protocol-based rebate program that we launched in the third quarter of last year that’s driving the top instrument placement compare, and that program negatively impacted the price of VetLab consumables the way the accounting treatment works, and as well the instrument and lab bundled programs negatively impacted the pricing on our reference lab business and I think we alluded to that in the last couple of quarters.  We expect some acceleration in growth from geographic expansion. An example of that is the new hub lab in Germany, which will extend our reach in Europe. More generally, we see opportunity for growth internationally from investments that we are making in commercial resources, I just mentioned that we are making the investment to go direct in Scandinavia and also the investments in recent product launches as we roll those out internationally things like ProCyte was just launched a couple of quarters ago, our last quarter Q2 in Japan and so that’s still got a nice growth ramp to it. As Jon mentioned, VetConnect PLUS we intend to bring out internationally next year. So, those are just some of things that would be behind that step-up in organic growth from 2013.
Merilee Raines: Ben, approximately 70% of the growth was volume growth and that’s largely due to acquisition of new customers, and then 30% would be price.
Merilee Raines: Mitra, we are really not expecting very much growth from the market. As I mentioned, that we are remaining cautious on the economy. So, we are really thinking that growth in the lab business, our business really going to, it is going to come from really the impact of the innovations that we had. So, that can come in the form of acquisition, you know, increased – customer acquisition, increased customer loyalty and some higher utilization because of the value of the products, but we are not, I guess just to be clear, we are not seeing much impact on our growth from just a pickup in the general economy.
Merilee Raines: For Catalysts, that was very consistent across geographies. We saw that in the US. I mean, US and Europe would be the primary, the placement rating in Asia Pacific, relative to the other two is still quite small. And I would have to look up the ProCyte piece on that.
