Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question, Nate. We are expecting that we'll still be working through some of the compares in the U.S. to the pullback in capacity that kind of happened through the first half of last year. And so you're correct. I think that's something we're acknowledging in the Q1 outlook. We'll still be working through that as well as some of the macro impacts internationally. We -- the guidance that we provided, as you pointed out, the higher end does for the U.S. assume that we see a flattening of the trend and that's meant to imply in the back half of the year. And so that would assume a relative level of improvement, but is not projecting growth. I think Jay can talk a bit more to that, but I think that that's an appropriate assumption we feel with the changes that we've been working through.
Brian McKeon: Just reinforce to that our goals at the higher end, which is what we're shooting for as a company, we reflect sustaining the solid volume growth premium that we've been able to achieve. So, independent of the pricing benefit, how much we've been able to drive volume growth above clinical visit growth, and it reflects sustaining that strong level of performance.
Brian McKeon: Yes. So, our goal is -- we came out of the second half of the year with about 6% CAG diagnostic recurring growth. Our goal is at the higher end for next year or 10%. And so, that's obviously an improvement. This year it's tougher to calibrate. We don't have the same clinic level data granularity, but I think the same-store sales headwinds in places like Europe are probably in the mid-single-digit range. So, it's softer than the U.S. and so consistent with what we're doing in our U.S. business, we're targeting sustained execution driver leverage. So, getting -- growing faster than the same store sales at the clinic visit growth levels, and we are building in some expectation for less of a headwind but still some headwinds. And I think that's appropriate just given the macro backdrop that our international markets are still working through, but we are targeting double-digit growth. We've got the pricing benefits that Jay highlighted to help support that and still feel very optimistic about the long-term potential in our international regions.
Brian McKeon: The inflationary costs are real. On the product cost front, took a number of steps this year to ensure that we have high product availability and it's been a challenging kind of environment to manage the supply chain dynamics. Our operational team has done a fantastic job on that front, but we did make choices to ensure we've got supply, and that's going to be flowing through in our product costs for a period of time, and there are higher labor costs as well. I think we're the price increases that we advanced, I think reflected in our margin outlook where appropriate, given some of the dynamics that we're working through. And we're able to improve gross margins through initiatives like productivity activity and our initiatives in our lab operations and just continued focus on growing our recurring revenues at a strong rate. But the -- on the gross margin front, that's the primary impact. And I think we're always trying to be balanced with our base of overall investment and that's allowing us to deliver solid margin improvement overall at the higher end of our guidance range.
Brian McKeon: Right. Thanks for the question, Mike. So, just starting with the high end, let me use the U.S. So if we've got an 11.5% growth goal with 7% to 8% pricing, that's approximately implied about 4% volume growth and with some level of headwind from visits as we work through the first half of the year. That gets us to go to the volume growth premium that we've been delivering and kind of consistent with pre-pandemic trends. So that's how we're thinking about it. We have a range which we think is appropriate to calibrate for risks to that outlook, primarily macroeconomic impacts and, you know, so I think that's not linked to one specific factor, but I think it's something that we think is prudent, is the way we plan the business to make sure that we have financial plans where we can deliver solid profit gains, if things don't all go the way that we anticipate. And so again, it's not linked to one specific factor, but it builds in potential macro headwinds or if things don't recover the way that we're targeting in terms of the clinical visit trends.
Brian McKeon: I think you had got all that right. It is a Q1 2023 factor that we highlighted in our Q1 outlook and it is recorded as an -- it's an other income item for us which is recorded as an offset to G&A, and that's correct.
Brian McKeon: Perfect. And then just maybe to follow on Mike's question, I'm just sort of coming at it a little differently. For2023 clinical visits, it sounds like you're landing around down 1% to 2% for the full year, I don't know, around there. So vals are down, 1% to 2%, and price is up 7% to 8%, and just to be clear on price -- it's 7% to 8%, right. The press release read a little funny saying like 7% to 8% was the case if you were at the high end of your range. I'm guessing prices price, maybe you guys can clarify that.
Brian McKeon: Thanks, John. I was trying to follow your analytics. We focus those discussions on our U.S. numbers, just to be clear because that's where we actually have the reporting. So, the 11.5% overall growth if you use the midpoint of the pricing guide. And I do want to clarify the expected pricing benefit is something that we feel very good about across our performance range. So that is -- we were focusing on kind of the analytics around our high end to help people understand that. But going back to the high end of 11.5% CAG U.S. recurring diagnostic revenue growth, netting out the price benefit, use the midpoint that would be about 4% volume benefit. And we didn't explicitly highlight the clinical visit trend, but it bridges back to that that 5% to 6% kind of volume growth premium that we saw in the second half. That's about what we've seen pre-pandemic. And so, we're looking -- that's what we're shooting for. And all indications our execution is holding up really well. If you look at the performance of trips and just how we've consistently done, so looking to build on that momentum.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Nate. Yes. I would just qualitatively add that what we see from a market standpoint and customer standpoint, is the -- they made good progress in working through some of the capacity constraints they're not all working at the same pace. We've seen a bolus of practices who have adjusted care workflows, added staff particularly licensed veterinarians per overall veterinarian. So, the mix is more towards staff, and they've been able to increase productivity in that sense. So, I think just as we forecasted, it's taken time but I think the profession is making the progress. They're investing in technology. We've seen that with the purchase and inflation of our in-clinic laboratory software solutions particularly cloud-based software solutions is something that veterinarians are looking to as a way of supporting staff productivity, client communications, just overall workflow optimization within the practice.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So let me take the back end of your question first. It is. So this is a global approach that we've taken, and we think pricing is appropriate within the current context. I'll say from a qualitative standpoint, we see demand holding up well relative to both the back impacts in the economy as well as the different pricing scenarios we've articulated. Keep in mind that from a customer standpoint, they're highly appreciative and they value the overall IDEXX value proposition, goods and services and they recognize that on a sustained basis, we've invested and we'll continue to invest in innovation, but also the customer experience, which is critically important to them so that they can focus on providing care and don't have to worry about diagnostic service levels and just overall product continuity. The other thing that I would say is they also recognize that we have taken a technology for life type approach. If you take a look at our catalyst, our chemistry analyzer over the last decade, there have been nine parameter extensions or upgrades so that a customer who purchased. Our catalysts, chemistry analyzer today or 10 years ago would have the exact same features and functionality. And we think that's highly differentiated, not just in our industry, but really in the industry.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Chris, we're not projecting beyond this year, so this is guidance for 2023. We recognize just as a pricing philosophy. We want to maintain a good balance between the value we deliver, the price of our testing services. Keep in mind also that veterinary practices that the diagnostics is a core neighbor medical services within the practice. It's a large profit center for them. They typically mark it up. But having said that, we want to make sure we don't get in front of where the value is. And we're taking a very long-term approach to developing the overall sector. So and you've seen that historically. And the way we've reported it, I think the difference in 2022 and 2023 as inflation and the macroeconomic cost impacts of running the business.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Let me pick up on that of the long-term potential. We see two-thirds of the future TAM outside our U.S. geography. And so that's something that we've invested in. Over time, we've had seven expansions, commercial expansions over the last few years. Currently, there's some macro headwinds as Brian described them, but I think the opportunity is very significant over time and we're approaching it in a similar way that we've approached our sector development in the U.S., which is through innovation, through engagement with our commercial model as partners and really helping create awareness and education and ultimately, adoption. So, we're very optimistic over the longer term. We think also, I would just highlight the role that ProCyte One has played in our international geography. It's a very compelling solution. Our customers, it fits from a performance profile, cost standpoint. Many of these markets are hematology first markets, and we're seeing very nice uptake, and we expect, as we've laid out at Investor Day, that 20,000 premium hematology placements over the planning horizon.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. No, we haven't provided any specifics on the two new point-of-care platforms. And as we get closer to launch, we'll talk about this.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I would also add, just on the commercial front, we're back to more of a normal type operational cadence. We attended the VMX and VMX was the biggest show in its history. We've had sales summits from a customer visit standpoint, our field organization is -- the majority of visits are now in person. So it's much more of a pre- pandemic type operational cadence.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. We've said for a long time, the diagnostics market is a very attractive market. There's a lot of competitive intensity. Nothing has changed on that front. We believe that through the customer lens that our overall solution portfolio is highly differentiated the combination of our in-clinic laboratory reference laboratory software, the connectivity of it all really helped support the practice mission. We see that if you take a look at our new and competitive placements, which we provided both for Catalyst and now for premium hematology, we're doing extremely well. We're growing our software in Web PACS and Diagnostic Imaging businesses very well. We feel very good about our focus on the customers and helping them to achieve their goals and we think it's reflected in the results.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I would just add to that, if you take a look at the execution metrics around customer retention, new customer acquisition, Brian highlighted price realization, which we think is appropriate given the current context. Overall, commercial execution has been excellent, and we anticipate being able to continue to execute well in the current year.
Jay Mazelsky: Ryan. So, we have not -- we continue to see that customers would use one modality and diagnostics tend to use more of the other modality and vice versa. It's testing begets testing. We've seen a continuation of that trend. We've also seen wellness versus non-wellness testing hold up well. We think that that's really a function of pet owner demand. Pet owners want to be able to get the great care, whether for health, happiness, even longevity of their pet. So, they're filling into the practices and for wellness and preventive care visits. So, we continue to see that as an important aspect of developing the overall sector. We do see practices I think, to a greater extent than in previous times. I appreciate the role of their staff, retaining their staff, investing in education of their staff. I think they've gotten smarter around the use of technology in the importance of technology. We've seen that in software and the move to cloud-based PIM systems, but also the applications that that integrate and extend the capability of their PIM systems. So, we think that overall, even given the overall macro impacts that we've described, pet owner and consumer demand has held up relatively well.
Jay Mazelsky: I'd be glad to. Yes, DecisionIQ is what formerly known as clinical decision support as part of our VetConnect PLUS application. Keep in mind, just let me paint the broader context here is that the general practitioner is incredibly busy. They're responsible for this wide range of clinical and medical services and having DecisionIQ, which can support the decision-making, which can suggest the possible things that they may not have considered. And even I think to your question or point, suggest next step test, we think, is an important tool in the hands of veterinarians. We have tens of thousands of practices on a global basis, which are now using VetConnect PLUS and therefore DecisionIQ as part of their daily practice, the ability to support vector-borne disease and now endocrine is that menu will continue to be extended over time. So, it's becoming increasingly valuable in the hands of veterinarians and something that we think over time will just grow in value. But thank you for that question. That's a wrap. We're out of time. I'd like to thank everyone, and that concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I appreciate your participation this morning. So in summary, we see a significant decade-long opportunity to increase the standard of care for companion animal health care and remain committed to our consistent strategic approach to address this opportunity. Sustain high levels of performance by IDEXX teams enabled us to build on the decades-long investments in innovation, infrastructure and commercial capabilities to deliver solid growth and strong financial returns in 2022 and positions us well for 2023. And now we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
