Jon Ayers: Yes, Ryan, thank you for the question. We believe the primary driver for that is the adoption of our unique advanced test menu that we've launched over the last virtually a decade combined with the new customer account model where our sales reps are calling existing Reference Lab customers. We believe that is clearly sustainable. It has the opportunity for upside because we had actually expanded not only the number of specialized tests in our Reference Lab of course with big launch of SDMA and now that the new fecal antigen tests but of course we are expanding the number of calls that we are going to be making on our Reference Lab customers. I will know is an important observation because the Reference Lab modality is the number one contributor to our recurring diagnostic revenues. 
Jon Ayers: We believe absolutely that it is important to expand the standard of care. Let's just take SDMA. The reason why we are offering it at no additional charge in all of our reference panel is because you really shouldn't be running chemistry with creatinine and without SDMA and creatinine is in virtually every chemistry panel. So we believe this will create uplift in the standard of care that will be well appreciated by pet owners. If you talk to any multi cat owner, they probably had a cat that passed away of chronic kidney disease. So it is well appreciated and we would expect that over time pet owners will demand high standard of care. 
Jon Ayers: Yes. We've seen no meaningful shift. We are pleased to have continued to expand our catalyst and install base, our active installed base in Q4. We measure the active installed base. Of course the record number of Hematology placement also continues to expand and now we are really moving into 2015 with Catalyst One which is a very competitive priced and highly capable, really uniquely capable instrument. And so I think as we move to 84% sequential growth in the number of calls that we are making on customers from Q4 to Q1 in 2015, we will see the continued business benefit of the direct model play out.
Jon Ayers: We do track that. We find that the larger the customer the more they appreciate our technology and all of the benefits that it brings. With regard to your question on VCA, that was really an immaterial impact and the reason is that VCA is primarily drives their diagnostic volume to the Reference Lab as you can imagine. And thus each of VCA practice is we have found a very small user of the in-house chemistry analyzer. 
Jon Ayers: Thank you for the question, John. Of course we have been direct with Reference Lab modality from the beginning, I think when we move to the account manager model, we were calling on existing Reference Lab customers, and we began to see the acceleration in the same store utilization that I referenced. We have now only move to a direct model calling on our customers directly for the in-house consumable. So we are really at the beginning of that utilization trend in 2015 and we have a number of tests whether they are menu on the in-house instrument suite such as fructosamine or phenobarbital [ph] are coming shortly a T4 or snap test that are not well adopted yet by customers. They have the same adoption and utilization potential that we have seen in the Reference Lab. And so we really do see that as one of the avenues same store utilization growth and expanding the market and expanding the standard of care that will be driven by this model. As I mentioned the pet owner is really not well served yet. And I think veterinarians want to learn how to better close that gap of three to four times. And that's what our diagnostic subject matter experts, the only ones in the profession who are regularly calling on veterinary practices and help them with since diagnostic is such a key component of the practice quick care equation.
Jon Ayers: Well, we believe that there are well over 10,000 accounts that are really using technology that was launched a decade ago. And if you think about what happen with IDEXX over the last decade, we launched Catalyst One, we launched ProCyte, we launched Catalyst Dx, we launched VetConnect PLUS, we've expanded the venue on catalyst platform. And so we see a great opportunity to upgrade those accounts that have outdated technology and of course to continue upgrade our vet test install base as Brian mentioned 92% of our chemistry volumes exclusive corporate account is coming from the catalyst and installed base already. That's only 8% that does represent many thousand vet test customers. So it is very large number of customers but a very small amount of our volume. What we see is the greater opportunity is the 10,000 customers out there that do not have the real time care, the advanced menu, the flexibility and the lower cost per test, let alone the connection into a full diagnostic solution that is at the current standard of care that we will establish to 2015 that include SDMA, I will mention that for accounts that use catalysts and use us as their primary Reference Lab, we will be ensuring that they can practice the current standard of care that include SDMA even when they are running their chemistry panel in-house because they will be able to include that Reference Lab SDMA at no incremental charge. So we see a very significant opportunity and that's our framework, that's our outlook for the market. We are pleased with the 14% growth that we had adjusted even for margin capture. And the instrument consumable modality and we think that's a very good number. And we expect to continue to grow the instrument modality.
Jon Ayers: Well, we expect that both those menu items will be beneficial to all of our recurring revenues even though they are both Reference Lab modalities because they are part of integrated diagnostic solution. Just to give you a little bit background. Basically the current way that you screen for chronic kidney disease, the primary parameter is creatinine The problem is that when creatinine goes up that's basically means that the kidney ran out of capacity and it is being overwhelmed by the bodies and creation of creatinine which is a metabolic waste product. So basically it is too late. 75% of the kidney is gone. So what SDMA does is it catches this progress of this disease far earlier, 40% or even 25% when the pet is clinically totally healthy. You can donate one of your kidneys if you are healthy and still live on one kidney. So 50% loss of kidney function is not a problem, but it is a problem if progresses to 75%. And then there are a number of treatments. This is a big category in the therapeutic diet area for kidney diets that preserve a kidney function. So we suspect that there going to be others that are going to be jumping on board and promoting SDMA because there will be a market which will demonstrate the need for their diets or in other cases for therapies, for drug therapies. Chronic kidney disease, there isn't any ambiguity about chronic kidney disease in the practice. You talk to any veterinarian they are going to see I see it all the time in my practice. This is a major category. We expect this will be the standard of care, that's why we decided to exclude SDMA automatically in the chemistry panel; of course we can do so with our innovation because we felt that running a panel without SDMA was really incomplete and this has been extraordinarily well accepted. Immediately, instantaneously as we informed customers of what we are doing here. There is just no-- it is all good. It actually expands the reason to do preventive care testing because they can get to it, now they are more -- they are with the higher energy to recommend preventive care testing to pet owners. 
Jon Ayers: Yes. It is the practice owned to Catalyst Dx, they have all the capability of Catalyst One. So Catalyst One is really targeted at any practice that doesn't currently enjoy the benefits of catalyst technology. And so we see Catalyst One as a very competitive way to grow the catalyst and installed base. And as we've mentioned we've really seen an immaterial impact on our catalyst retention rates which is what gives confidence for continued double digit growth in this modality.
Jon Ayers: I think if you look at the last four quarter we had between 50% and 60% in competitive placement I saw obviously we saw big jump in the absolute number placement in Q4 and 54% is pretty solid and there is obviously as the number of vet test accounts diminishes that are out there and you got well over 10,000 competitive account, we are going to see that is attractive opportunity for the continue placement of Catalyst One. And its unique capabilities and price point.
Jon Ayers: I also just might mention, of course that we have a pretty strong cash flow coming out of the operation of the business. And it is one of the benefits of our business model which allows us to have capital to allocate to share repurchase. 
Jon Ayers: Thank you very much for the calls. And for joining the conference call. I just want to wrap again by really expressing my appreciation to IDEXX. We celebrated our 30th anniversary over the last 12 months, 30 years of innovation. And I just extraordinarily grateful for what we've accomplished both on the innovation front and on the global commercial front, which positions us so well for the next many years to serve our customers and to continue to transform their capabilities to achieve their objectives and in the case of, of course the companion animal business to serve the pet owner. We believe there is just very significant opportunity to both grow their capabilities to provide high standard of care. And to expand the level of standard of care that is provided both in the US and even more so in the international market. And the accomplishments that we've achieved in the 2014 have just positioned us very, very well to do that. And therefore to continue to see sustained growth in the attractive and profitable growth factor of our recurring revenue. And with that we will conclude the call. Thank you. 
Brian McKeon: Yes. I just want to reinforce that. Today, we raised our outlook for CAG recurring diagnostic revenue growth and make clear that we are expecting continued strong double digit growth in consumable revenues in 2015. So we are maintaining the very strong momentum -- accelerated momentum that we achieved this year. 
Brian McKeon: We literally had five things that are smaller in nature, are all moving in the right direction in the quarter. And it is not one specific thing, they created a little bit of an upside there and get the benefit of some of those were related to planning initiatives and that's one of the reasons why lowered our outlook for the 2015 tax rate to 30%, the prior guidance has been 30.5%
Brian McKeon: Well, we are very comfortable with the path we've been on in terms of our capital structure. As I mentioned, we are ending the year at little over 2.4x EBITDA in terms of our leverage ratios adjusted for the transitional impacts. We are very comfortable with leveraged range in the 2.5 to 3 range. We said that consistently and in terms of our capital allocation strategy we want to ensure that we are maximizing value for shareholders. And as long as we are comfortable with our business outlook which today we reinforced and raised our operating outlook. Our confidence will help us to assess how we look at allocating capital to share repurchase and we would anticipate continue to allocate capital because we feel great about our strategic plan and the deposit momentum we are driving.
Brian McKeon: I would have to look at more closely; I would assume that's related to the transitional impacts. So I wouldn't look at the quarters indicative can be related to timing of capital spending and things like that. We did share that our outlook for free cash flow in 2015, it was 90% to 100% of net income and keep in mind that we got-- and we've signal this earlier we are going to add about $15 million to $20 million of working capital primarily receivables related to the go direct change which is 7% or 10% or so of net income. So it is effectively the same range that we've been around a 100% of net income or better normalized for those impacts. 
