Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Chris. We haven't quantified it. We did see some impact on testing volumes in the international regions from Omicron, in late Q4. It primarily manifested itself in the modest drop off in some lab volumes. And this trend appears to be continuing just in early ‘22 January as it affects the U.S. clinical visit growth. The thing to keep in mind is the underlying customer demand is very strong. What vet practices tell us is that they're busy as they ever been in terms of forward booking. We're seeing month, two month forward booking of patients and [impediments] (ph) just trying to get into practices. So we think practices have a playbook in which to deal with this. We've all seen this movie a couple times at this point. They've done the curbside drop off and pickup. In some cases there's obviously some staffing issues that they're dealing with, we think that that’s more of a temporary basis. And we're in a really good position also to be able to support them with our field service, organization and technology solutions that help them be more productive and manage that business.
Jay Mazelsky: We saw record placements in Q4 of 2021 over 5,000 on the back of record hematology placements in catalyst and SediVue, pretty much across the board. And we think that that momentum will remain intact. Practices are clearly investing in technology to help them from a capacity standpoint. They are looking to us and our solutions that not just support the best standard of care but also support workflow and staff productivity and enable them to handle higher patient volumes.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, I'll take that. Good morning, Erin. There is a couple of quick longer term trends that the pandemic probably accelerated that were in effect and if anything, as a result of new pet adoptions and the pivot within practices, the more service versus retail type product sales, I think have just accelerated as a result of the pandemic. Clearly as veterinarians focus on medical services and patient care diagnostics is a big piece of that I think they recognize that diagnostics is obviously a very high margin, very high profit center within their practices. And so I think the combination of more patients, pet owners wanting a higher standards of patient care, veterinarians pivoting to services and the role that diagnostic plays, have been important factors. And then you layer on top of that, our strategy as a company which both includes continuing to innovate both in terms of testing platforms and information management and our commercial strategy, which is a high touch model and being able to work with veterinarians to help them use these tools effectively both business and medical wise, I think we continue to see very strong trends that are higher than pre-pandemic.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. Good morning, Mike. Pet cancer is the most prevalent cause of death in dogs. So there are about 6 billion positive cases of cancer of dogs just in the U.S., it's very significant. And if you take a look, that I just did a high level in terms of the process by which the veterinarian diagnosis and treats, it's very complex. It's fragmented and there aren't a complete set of diagnostic tools to help support that. So we think that there is a longer term very attractive market opportunity to be able to help veterinarians navigate cancer diagnosis and treatment. So we're building off our expertise in cancer pathology, which is really more today geared towards cancer identification and then really trying to get across the continuum of care which is the identification and staging and treating in monitoring and bring solutions to that full value chain of care. So the partnerships we announced, we think bring best in class technology to support that process. We're excited by it. It's still early stages in terms of market development. So I think it's less about the revenue opportunity near term and more about supporting veterinarians and helping them navigate what's very complex and what is increasingly pet owner driven demand for these types of services. I think over time it's a quite attractive opportunity. We bring, I think credible technical expertise to be able to support the veterinarian through this and we're excited by what we've learned and continuing to build off those capabilities over time.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. John, in terms of the wellness visits, and a couple of things that are potentially driving that. Obviously there's a lot of puppies and kittens who have now become dogs and cats. And I think there's a lot of pet owners who want to get their pets into the practice and being checked up and there's been an emphasis on wellness visits in the U.S. now for quite some time. So it's not new. Obviously there are some capacity constraints in some of these visits get pushed off a month or six weeks. And I think over time, that'll get relieved, but I think the under what we see as the underlying demand for wellness and checkups, is there and have been very robust as you pointed out, and we expect that to be able to sustain. Certainly we and others in the market place, I really focused and emphasizing preventive care, as they an important part of patient health.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning. Yes the ezyVet integration has gone quite well, where we're far along in terms of really integrating our sales approach and organizations and product roadmaps. And that continues to received extremely well in the marketplace and the things from the growth numbers that there's a lot of traction behind that. It's a key part of our strategy and over 80% of our PIMs placements were cloud based placements this quarter. So really good traction far long in integration and going well.
Brian McKeon: And to your question Chris our 12% to 14% organic growth outlook for CAG Dx recurring revenues assumes positive clinic visit growth in addition to strong performance, ongoing performance by our teams and helping to grow our revenues faster than that.
Brian McKeon: I'll let Jay talk to the color of the momentum that we have on instrument placements in our priorities. In terms of our outlook we didn't break it out, specifically what we're targeting continued strong placement growth. The revenue growth may lag the placement growth somewhat as we see the expansion of programs like IDEXX 360 and have some mix effects from higher growth in international markets, but we're targeting solid instrument year-on-year growth and that's factored into the overall guidance.
Brian McKeon: So we are seeing some impacts selectively in our business. I think you highlighted some of the key drivers, but freight and distribution costs have been a factor. We are monitoring higher labor input costs. I think that's something that we anticipate will be something we'll need to manage effectively. And we have selective impacts in different parts of our business, but we do use electronic components and things of that nature. I think a lot of our focus, Erin is on making sure we have continued very high business continuity, reliability. So we're really pleased with that. We're at 99% and customer reliability and that's our primary focus. And so we do have some impacts and as you pointed out we have a relatively higher expectation for net margins improvement that helps to mitigate that and is reflective to a degree of that and enables us to support the solid operating margin improvements that we're targeting next year.
Brian McKeon: Yes, Mike. So I think the way to think about this as the as we were coming out of 2021 and clearly, we had a big step up in demand through the pandemic that we're confident that we can build off of that. So I think that's one key theme. And as you look at the calibrate this, the exit rate of our business in Q4 we had 13%, CAG DX recurring growth off that higher base. So we were entering the year with that kind of trajectory. And we see some positive drivers here. We're investing in international growth and feel good about the attraction and the potential there and we will have some incremental benefit from net pricing that we highlighted. And so the higher end of the range really reflects kind of building off of the momentum that we had I think to build on kind of Erin's question earlier, one of the metrics we share in our snapshot is just the average revenue per clinical visit in the inventor clinics in the U.S. and that increases Jay noted nearly 200 basis points from pre-pandemic levels from 4% to about 6%. So there's some underlying positive service trends here. And I think what you're seeing in our outlook is confidence that we can execute well, continue to execute well invest in ways that support that and if we can sustain that type of momentum we were, we think we can achieve those higher growth levels. And I think the lower end of the range really is more calibration going back towards more pre-pandemic type growth. It's not where we're necessarily projecting, but I think that that's a potential scenario as well. But all of this is building off of the higher demand. So it's some of this will come down to our execution. And I think things like Omicron or near term dynamics that we'll just need to manage through. As Jay mentioned, we don't see that as indicative of a longer term or an underlying demand issue. But the momentum on our business we feel very positive about and we're investing towards that. I think we've got a good strategy to keep building on that progress.
Brian McKeon: Look, the way I think we're thinking about this is we're building off this higher base. So we clearly had a period there where we needed to look at some two year metrics here to calibrate for 2020 effectively the pandemic dynamics. And now we're moving into sort of that phase of building off the higher base, I would say that there was some incremental benefit last year in Q4 from just the puppy boom and that I think is probably the key factor that sustains in the near term but for the most part we're normalizing off that hire base. And so I think that 12% to 14%, is that full year number one. We're not projecting by quarter, but I think we're that reflective of the overall momentum in the business. I think the Omicron dynamic is a near term dynamic in the U.S. that we didn't really see significantly in Q4. And then we're seeing some effects early here, what we'll sort that out as we go through the quarter, but I think the underlying momentum and trends we're targeting to remain strong and we'll work through these near term dynamics as they play out.
Brian McKeon: So I think the way to think about Nathan is we had a Q4 growth rate year-on-year about 15% and we're working, still working through some compares to some relatively more controlled growth at OpEx levels in the comparable prior year. And so entering into Q1 we expect kind of the that same dynamic will have a relatively higher rate of OpEx that'll be our most challenging compare. And, in general terms, I think, for the full year, you should expect us to be trending back more in line with kind of our overall revenue growth where we want to lean in and invest towards future growth. I think our market dynamics will, as they've been in the past be supported by solid gross margin improvement. And so I think longer term consistent with our longer term outlooks that we've shared at Investor Day, I think OpEx grow closer to revenue growth is a reasonable expectation.
Brian McKeon: Yes. It's more driven by compares than necessarily a change in seasonality, but I did mention that our margin improvement would be in the second half. And as we just discussed, I think are more challenging compare will be in Q1 in terms of the quarters this year, but that's again more reflective of year-on-year dynamic. The one thing to highlight specifically is we'll still be working through an LPD. We have the decline in the African swine fever revenues that really started in the third quarter of 2021. We'll still be working through those compares. So that'll have a dynamic as well.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I mean, it's been pretty constant in terms of panel mix. It's something we don't break out. These are largely configured panels for wellness. So when customers use that get a lot of variation quarter-to-quarter. And so with that, I'd like to thank everybody for joining this morning's call. I know we have some employees who are listening. I would like to say thank you to them for their excellent performance and continued passion for our purpose. Day in and day out, our team delivered excellent results aligned to our long term opportunity while also demonstrating unwavering commitment to our purpose in navigating and evolving landscape through the continued pandemic impacts. Very grateful for the IDEXX team, and the purpose which drives our work. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
