Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I'd say, Ryan, thank you for the question. Our outlook is probably similar to where we are right now. We saw a 2% clinic patient visit growth in the U.S. We saw moderating patient clinic growth in Europe in Q3, some of that was weather, some of that was economy. So, that's kind of nothing special, but steady as you go macro market trends.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Ryan, as you know, the consumable growth in any quarter is the cumulative impact of your acquisitions, net of any customer losses for the prior four quarters. And we've had obviously very strong and, in fact, improving customer acquisitions as we laid out in the U.S. in this call. And we believe we've seen a moderating rate of defections, but that's on a kind of quarterly sequential basis. I think what's really happened here from IDEXX's perspective is that our new U.S. commercial organization, when you – which is about 300 professionals when you include the different types of field-based reps that are responsible for supporting the customer with diagnostics. That has really been seed – in seed now, in territory, they've gained those relationships, they've gained the experience. We expected that productivity of that group to improve over time. And I think you're seeing it with a growing number of instrument placements, really an extraordinary third quarter, and in improving customer retention levels as those relationships deepen in territory.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you. I think, operationally, operational performance is consistent with where we believe we were. I don't think there's really any change. I think what's happened in the last couple of months has been further deterioration of currencies, particularly in emerging markets and those are markets where we don't hedge. It's not practical to hedge. And there has been a little bit of a macroeconomic slowdown, as we mentioned, with visits in Europe. But it's really the currency and the tax impact of the currency, which are the adjustments that we're talking about in 2015. And Jon, as you know, but I would remind everybody else, this call, the third quarter call in October of the year is when we typically provide guidance for 2016 for the first time. So, our guidance for the 2016 operation, I think, is entirely consistent with the long-term goals that we set. But I think now what we're providing to investors is an understanding of how currency and tax rate translates into the bottom line.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you. Now, the lab growth in the U.S. market was a very solid 13% off of even a strong compare of 2014. So, that was a very solid number. And, of course, it's really U.S. and Canada we've launched SDMA in July. We haven't yet launched SDMA internationally and, really, the number – our global lab numbers was brought down by the labs outside the U.S. and the labs were affected by the slower patient traffic and the weather trends in Europe, which brings that number down. But we continue to be – get absolutely positive feedback. I think the people who – the customers who are using SDMA are finding that it is extraordinarily valuable in the management – the diagnosis and management of their patients. And we have strong key opinion leader support globally for that. So, we continue to believe that's going to be a significant differentiator and driver for growth for us as we go forward. But, of course, we've got to launch it in the international markets and, I said, that won't happen until early-2016.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, I believe the 13% organic growth in the third quarter is indicative of the cumulative success that we're having in the reference lab modality. I think that's higher than the market growth. And if your growth is higher than the market growth for lab modality, then by definition you're gaining share.
Jonathan W. Ayers: As it has been, it's – a vast majority of it is volume and that's been consistent with the trends throughout the year.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, it's always been and I think it will always be a very competitive market. I think our Catalyst One as demonstrated by a success around the world is a – it's a blockbuster product. It's a very cost-effective way to gain chemistry and it has really – it has capability that no competitive analyzer has in terms of menu, speed, and, of course, supported by information management integration uniquely two-way into the Practice Management software and VetConnect PLUS. And so, really, what we're seeing, I think, is our sales organization is improving in their ability to tell that story to competitive accounts. And that's why we've seen a tick-up every quarter over the course of these three quarters of 2015 with the new sales organization placed in competitive placement and an extraordinary number of total placements in the North American market. In addition, I think that the retention rates that we're seeing in our Catalyst installed base are improving. I also know, Kevin. that we really – that we entered Q4 with a very good backlog, larger than average, and an excellent order momentum early in the quarter, which are all generally – I think it's generally continuing to show signs that our sales organization and our innovation together will – is coming together nicely as per plan. I will also mention that as we launch SediVue, the level of excitement in the customer base on SediVue is off the charts, because it really addresses a need that customers have. And we believe that SediVue will help us continue with – not only provide a nice revenue stream in and of itself, but can help us continue to inspire customers to upgrade to more advanced technology that we offer with the Catalyst One and the in-house lab. And that would, of course, happen in 2016 – early – starting in early-2016 with the launch of SediVue.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, you've mentioned Brazil. Actually, our Brazilian team is doing a great job, but the real has just fallen out of bed and we don't hedge that. So, that's a case in point. We're also strong in certain Asian markets that had some currency, Russia is an example. And on the margin, these are just areas that are – that had some changes over the last three months that constrain our outlook for the year, although, we actually did pretty well in Q3 top line and bottom line considering.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. I believe the 47% is right, but I will also note that the number of competitive placements in Q3 over Q2 grew 15%, the absolute number. And so, you ask, well, how can the absolute number grow and the percentage went down, well, that's because we did a great job placing Catalyst. In addition to the 15% growth in new and competitive accounts, we placed Catalyst with our – the remaining VetTest installed base, well, that's certainly getting smaller and smaller. And we also had customers desire a second Catalyst; many of our larger customers who are growing their in-clinic volumes. And the nice thing about when we place a second Catalyst, we re-up that customer for a new five-year lease, which supports our retention. So, I think it's a good news story all the way around on an absolute basis, growth in competitive placements and on an absolute basis, an extraordinary growth in total placements. Meanwhile, the hematology platform continues to tick along with really good growth too. As I said, it was an extraordinary instrument placement quarter. And those are just the U.S. numbers. The international numbers with that 168% growth in Catalyst placements is really quite a strong number in terms of placement growth.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We're very close to our major accounts. We're not aware of any accounts being in jeopardy of where we have the accounts and where we have the business. So, I think that's what important from investors' point of view. We have solid relationships with the corporate accounts that are embedded in our installed base.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, a couple of things on the instrument side. Obviously, we're going to be anniversarying very, very strong placements with Catalyst in 2016. So, Catalyst growth won't be contributing to instrument revenue growth in the same way in 2016 as it has in particular this quarter. But on the other hand, we'll be selling a new instrument SediVue and just to give you a little color of that flavor, we expect to place, certainly, over a thousand analyzers in the North American market in 2016 and the average unit price we expect to be in the high-teens of thousands of dollars. And then, as those instruments are placed, each instrument over time – once they're placed, we expect to generate $3,000 to $5,000 a year in consumable revenue, so you can run the numbers on. That's North America. Internationally, the launch will be a little later in the year and we'll update you in January when we got better feel for it. But, obviously, the material number is the North America launch. And as your research, I think, validated similar to ours the response to SediVue is really quite strong and every single customer is a greenfield customer for SediVue because we're replacing a manual method. On SDMA, again, the SDMA is a differentiator, a strong differentiator for the reference lab over time. As you know, but to remind others, we don't charge incrementally for SDMA in and of itself unless they're just getting it as an individual assay. We have automatically included in the reference lab panel. So, what we expect SDMA to do will to contribute to stronger – even stronger retention in our reference lab business and new customer acquisition, as well as some modest growth in utilization, because many customers are now telling us they have much stronger case to run, preventative care chemistry on their senior paths, because kidney disease is highly prevalent. In time one in three cats and one in 10 dogs succumb to the chronic kidney disease, and we've actually demonstrated that with our data of over a million data points now. If you look at it by age, it's tracking this very, very interesting data about how the prevalence of chronic kidney disease progresses with age. That's very compelling information. But any growth in utilization in the veterinary profession takes time. It's kind of a slow, but long-term growth factor for us.
Jonathan W. Ayers: All right. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call and I know we have a number of employees on the call too. I just want to congratulate everybody on the advancements in our business that the team has delivered, the extraordinary rate of innovation that we're bringing, plus what is also in the pipeline. And big kudos, I don't know who to congratulate more, our U.S. commercial organization or our international commercial teams. They both had really, really strong performance. I think we're really seeing these teams seeded in territory now and really strengthening the relationship. And when you are direct – and we are direct in not only in North America, but in most developed international countries. There are things that you can do. You've got more control over your destiny and more opportunity to drive growth then when you don't have that advantage and we're really seeing that mature now in the performance in Q3 and we look forward to continuing have a dialog with investors about how that would translate into financials, which will translate into continuous growth in the shareholder value creation.
Brian P. McKeon: I think, Ryan, a couple of factors heading into next year to keep in mind. I think we'll – the trends that we're seeing in areas like rapid assay and (30:39), we feel great about. We will still be working through some anniversarying of effects of earlier inroads that will carry a bit into next year.
Brian P. McKeon: In the U.S., and I think that combined with some of the moderated trends that we've seen in places – international, some of that's currency driven, oil-based economy driven, I think combined lead us to have an outlook that's more consistent with our current growth rate, knowing that we will be kind of working through that. But I think our underlying operational foundation, we feel very good about the trajectory and the progress that we're making and, particularly, some of the innovation that we'll be bringing to market next year. So, we'll be looking to build on those growth rates.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, just to clarify that. That is the estimated installed base for Catalyst in the U.S. net of changes. And so, we've actually – I know there has been a lot of questions around this, but we have year-over-year expanded the Catalyst base by 18% and, in fact, quarter-to-quarter we had a solid growth rate consistent with that trend. So, that's been an upward trajectory. I think the net effect, and Jon can enhance on this, is if you think about the growth rate in the business, things like consumables, we still have great new placements and we're growing the base and we have good same-store sales, but, obviously, there were earlier impacts for some competitor inroads that are slowing. And the net impact of that is in an annuity business that kind of plays in and kind of constrains your growth rate for a period of time, until you kind of work through the anniversarying effect. So net-net, we're expanding, we're growing at very good rates. Some of those impacts constrained our growth. We'll work through that and anniversary that, and we'll be positioned for improving growth as we move forward.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, that's a great question. We stopped – the margin capture effects got so integrated with our business, Nick, we stopped breaking that out. But, roughly, it's probably about a 3% benefit this year, a bit below. I think we originally had about 3.5%, and I think that reflects the rapid assay grew a little slower than this year than we originally planned. So, I think, 3%, if you reduce the 11% that gets you to 8%. And then, if you're – we've got a 0.5-point benefit from the referral this year, so that would equate to roughly 7.5%. And so this would be an acceleration – a moderate acceleration, and I think that's reflective of some of the improving trends that we're seeing as well as the benefits from the innovation that we outlined at Analyst Day. And I just want to reinforce that we are going to be working through some of the anniversarying of some earlier impacts. And I think as we get through that, we will see the benefit of that in terms of the improved retention and how that helps our overall growth rate. So, we remain confident on our ability to drive towards higher growth and feel like we'll be on that trajectory as we work through next year.
