Jon Ayers: Okay, thank you, Bonnie. I'm very pleased to have our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian McKeon on the call. We also have Ed Garber, our Director of Investor Relations. I'm going to turn the call over to Brian to take you through our financial performance and our guidance, and then I'll come back with some color commentary.
Jon Ayers: I do want to follow-up on the European [INDISCERNIBLE] is providing a great – a next morning service level that really was non available to customers. I think that is helping us achieve good volume growth in the Nordics for example we achieved in 2014. In Nordic, I think we've got over 30% growth in diagnostic revenues in 2014. Of course none of that will – that’s all ready lapping – or all ready lapped the go direct strategy in those markets.Erin Wilson – BofA Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks.
Jon Ayers: And you know you know are appropriately so believe assuming no benefit from the R&D tax credit because that is not in the tax code as of the – now in 2014. David Clair – Piper Jaffray & Co. : Great, thank you.
Jon Ayers: Yes. It’s – first of all, there really are no barriers other than just a focus on seeing it, seeing their own patients with the historical results and so it’s one of the things our reps do when they call on customers is take them through it. Again, there – it doesn't cost anything. It’s instantaneous. It has all the historical data and as customer see the greatly enhanced insight and appreciate that they can share that insight easily with the pet owner both in paper and through electronically – inside of medical record, through pet the – all sorts of ways to share that as having greater value for the money that the pet owners. Since when they – any one of the benefit will get them hooked. So, it’s just the behavior change. In the veterinary world, it takes time. We’re very pleased by the rate of growth that we have seen in the century. In my experience, it's a very fast rate of growth but we’ll be continuing to work on that over the course of 2014 and beyond.  But the benefits are – mostly for – it’s a big platform but the ones that I mentioned are the increased loyalty that the customers have to the IDEXX diagnostic offering as a result of seeing this value, which I originally thought this is just as one sample in the context of the whole history.  And I will tell you of course we’re bringing the rapid assay business into the VetConnect ecosystem as a result of digitizing the SNAP test results with SNAP Pro. I think the first benefit customer see with SNAP Pro is just really greatly eases their work flow but the secondary benefit is it adds it to t VetConnect PLUS comprehensive diagnostic record.  So we’ll be adding more capability to VetConnect PLUS over time, at the same time we’re increasing utilization. And that additional capability in and of itself will increase utilization of VetConnect PLUS.Ross Taylor – CL King & Associates: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Well, thank you for those questions. Of course, it’s very early. We’ve only been a couple of weeks. You are at the North American veterinary conference where he showed Catalyst One. I will tell you that the customer response was very positive. And it came really from all sectors that don't already have Catalyst technology. And they like the form factor. They like the simplicity. They like the price point. And they like the fact that T Force [ph] is now integrated into the sample run and the panel. These are all pretty significant advantages. And so, we’re seeing a similar response from VetTest customers and anybody who has competitive clinic because the competitive clinic simply doesn’t have many – most of the differentiators that Catalyst technology has.  I will also mentioned that it is absolutely clear that our hematology offering ProCyte and LaserCyte are highly differentiated and you saw the nice snapback in results in Q4 as our North American sales organization matured and learned how to integrate that.  So, it’s not just – we’re not just offering – a chemistry in-house lab is incomplete without hematology. Really need both to have a full patient insight. And so, we’re really competing across both chemistry and hematology as an integrated offering. 1And so the response has been very good.  With regard to your question on competitive placement, the consequence of compensating or rather compensate them with regarding placements, instrument placements – that’s a portion of their compensation. But the major portion of their compensation is the growth in diagnostic revenues in their territory.  So, as you know we’ve said in the past that when you upgrade a VetTest customer to Catalyst technology and – you get a 25% uplift in utilization of the in-house lab so that’s good. But when you upgrade a competitive – analyze you get 25% plus you get 100% you weren’t getting in the first place. You get 100 – you get as five times. And so, that obviously has an impact not only in IDEXX but it’s nicely aligned in terms of helping the rep grow their net diagnostic territory. So, for that reason alone competitive placements will be attractive for the sales professionals.
Jon Ayers: Yes. We are very pleased that we have more than what I call sample set but really a broad cross-section of the industry now we can quote with the over 4000 practices that include not only cornerstone customers but non cornerstone customers – there all IDEXX customers in one way shape or form or another.  But I would say I'm not sure we saw anything meaningful deceleration. I think with the number five, over 5% practice revenue growth for the year. 5.5% is a pretty solid growth for the growth and veterinary healthcare.  I will comment as one kind of a technicality is what we’re measuring is we’re measuring same-store sales growth. We aren’t counting the formation of new practices, right? That wouldn’t be – that would be additional growth in the industry netted by any practices that go out of business and generally that's a very low number. So if anything that number maybe a little bit conservative. You’re trying to extrapolate into industry growth. 
Jon Ayers: Yes. Let me take those two questions in reverse order.  Really the Catalyst One is going to be a phenomenal instrument for our international customers because in general, practices outside the US are smaller than they are inside the US. Of course, there’s a wide range of practices in the US. There are smaller practices in the US. We think Catalyst One can be very attractive there.  But it's going to be an instrument that’s going to have tremendous run rate for us internationally. And what’s interesting is even with that, our international operations have done very, very well with existing product lines of hematology and chemistry. And just one example I think I’d give you is Japan and the placements of ProCyte and Catalyst. And I think it’s because our Japan team has really come up to speed on the in-house offering combined.  When you combine Catalyst and ProCyte instruments, which are the major instruments we place in Japan, they were up almost threefold placements in customers in Q4. We’re up almost threefold when compared to the average of the bind in the first three quarters so they average per quarter. Big jump, threefold, a jump in the fourth quarter.  And so – and you know we've got significant opportunities in Japan. Japan is a very attractive market for us. They’re a real-time care market. They love instrumentation. I think they do appreciate the highly differentiated ProCyte and Catalyst offering. And yet when we introduce Catalyst One in Japan you know that will help us continue that momentum for many years to come.  So I think we’ve just done a good job. We have very strong country management in both countries around the world. We added Brazil, for example, very strong country manager in Brazil now which is open – Madasa acquisition. We’re strong in Europe with good results. We’re strong in Australia that really – in fact international is a faster growth opportunity then domestic even as domestic as a good growth.Nicholas Jansen – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. Then maybe just my second follow-up would be in terms of – I think we’ve all kind of come to the conclusion that the switch and distributor and WI last year really didn't have any impact on your business.  So I guess the question with your expanded sales force and some of the investments that you’re making there, why won’t you perhaps maybe go to nonexclusive with the others as well as you kind of think about the way you’re kind of positioning yourself to the long-term? Thanks.
Jon Ayers: Yes. I think we’ve always been pleased with our strategy of combining the effort of our direct sales force with our distribution to help practice growth. We believe the biggest opportunity is to grow the category. We are the market leaders. We understand how to grow veterinary medicine through diagnostics. We are very strong in our partnership with distribution. The new territory alignment has been well received by our distribution partners. We think we will have greater productivity from our distribution partners working in partnership with us to inspire customers to grow their practices through IDEXX diagnostic technology and so we believe that growth strategy and that partnership together to support the practice is the right way to go in North America.Nicholas Jansen – Raymond James and Associates: Thanks guys, nice quarter.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Okay. Thank you for the question.  We really don't see Catalyst one being targeted to Catalyst customers because somebody who is already – started to use Catalyst Dx is enjoying all the differentiators, whether it’s expanded menu or the integration with the cloud -based VetConnect PLUS or the fast real-time workflow, there’s just the – or the very easy whole blood. All those benefits – they’re all ready enjoying those benefits.  Catalyst one and Catalyst Dx are really targeted for customers who have not yet moved to Catalyst technology. We – the numbers that Brian gave you for placements in 2014 would be of course revenue and those that would be associated with deferred revenue on Catalyst One introductory offer but it’s a combined Catalyst Dx unit placement and there of course be a mix of the two. We do believe that Catalyst One is going to be a very attractive for customers to upgrade whether they've got or bed test or they've got competitive equipment because of its enhanced capability at a lower price point and an attractive form factor.  So, as I have said you can easily justify a Catalyst One based on one sample a day. And that really takes you really deep into the marketplace in North America. So we’re very excited. And I do want to say that our guidance for some 7% to 8% organic revenue growth incorporates and anticipates that we‘ll have $5 million to $10 million of deferred revenue that won’t be counted in our revenue because of Catalyst one introductory offerings which we're doing today even in the first quarter and where they get the Catalyst Dx until they have their Catalyst One yet they’re of course are purchasing our consumables from the get go. And so you know if you were to look at that deferred revenue and adjust for that deferred revenue that would take us to a higher organic growth of 7.5% to 8.5%.  I’ll also comment that our 7% to 8% growth is also of course the higher base that we’re going into this year than we anticipated in the October revenue guidance because of our strong performance in Q4. So we’re – the absolute revenue growth currency adjusted – the absolute revenue guidance for 2014 currently adjusted is actually higher because of the base and then we’re – we've got the currency which everybody has which is a headwind for us in 2014. But the fundamental currency adjustment performance we believe will be that some 7% to 8% off of that higher base. So we’re excited about the prospects for growth in 2014. 
Jon Ayers: You know we really aren't. In fact, what we find – and it's a good question. I appreciate that you asked that question. What we found is that when veterinaries can actually communicate the value of the medical care, including showing the diagnostic results that the pricing is in context to value.  When there is pricing pushback is because the customers don't appreciate the value because the vet isn’t able – isn’t yet – and by the way, veterinarians are trained in practice and veterinary medicine and taking care of the pets but really I think it is more of a recent phenomena about the bond they have between the practice and the pet owner and the importance to actually communicate – the rather sophisticated medical care that they can provide, including the benefits of preventative care.  So we find – in our customers – when they are effective that we see double-digit growth in the practice. We just don't see the pushbacks in that area because it’ s just – the level of care that is actually provided much below what customers – a broad segment of customers will demand, will allocate in terms of share wallet when they appreciate the benefits that it has to their beloved pet family members. And it’s because of that very, very strong bond that many – if not most pet owners have – with their pet family members.  So I don't really think the pushback is – I think that’s something the veterinarians have a lot of control over and of course our strategy is just to help provide them the tools in the training to be able to accomplish that.
Jon Ayers: Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call. I also want to really – a big congratulations to our employees at IDEXX, 5500 plus employees. I think we really had a major transformation that we accomplished in 2013. I think it positions us to achieve our purpose; to enhance the health and well-being of pets and thus people through supporting veterinary care.  It’s – companies – when they go through this, there’s always risks but I think we've gotten through the rest period. We’re now seeing the benefits in Q4 and we’ve positioned the Company very strongly to advance our strategy of innovating through diagnostics information technology and with a major piece of work by our employees.  So I really want to thank everybody in the Company that was involved in this transformation and congratulate them on what I think was a very transformational year for IDEXX, as we’re concluding 2013 and we look on to 2014 with optimism, with regard to our strategy and caution with regard to the economy. And I think those are both prudent, given where we are.  So, with all that we’ll conclude the call and thank you all very much.
