Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, thank you for the question. Yeah, we're very excited with SediVue which is a whole new category of urine diagnostics and – so obviously a very, very successful launch and momentum. We will be continuing that in 2017. We don't really see any change in the utilization per instrument. We continue to believe it will be around $3000 to $4500 per year in very, very profitable recurring revenue per instrument installation. As I mentioned, we'll be updating the algorithm, but that won't be the last update, this instrument will continually get better. I think what I would just step back to say is that, urine has a ton of diagnostic insight and historically while vets appreciated that, they were kind of hesitant to run urine because it was – there wasn't really a great way to do it. In-house it took a lot of tech time, 20 minutes, send it out to the reference lab, the urine changes. It's not as accurate. Everybody knows that. So it's kind of a between a rock and a hard place. And SediVue changes that. So long-term we really see urine as a growing diagnostic category. In practice that is significantly underutilized in relation to bloodwork, chemistry and hematology, which itself is underutilized in relation to what I'd say the current standards of care would suggest. So I just think there's a lot of momentum and of course our field sales force is going to be continuing with that in 2017.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. We just really started the launch at the tail end of the quarter in the U.K. and Australia outside of North America and we'll be rolling it out over the rest of the major markets over the course of 2017 outside of North America.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you for those questions. We have outstanding relationships with all of our corporate accounts and continue to grow our presence in corporate accounts and so I think that is reflected in our expectations for the year. We don't really see any fundamental change with the transaction that was announced earlier this year it's a very competitive market, it will continue to be a competitive market. We have an outstanding relationship with the entities that make up Mars in their veterinary business. And I would also just say that with regard to corporate accounts in general, what we see is actually the interest starts at the field – the interest starts in practices where they say, hey, this would really help our workflow and then corporate accounts we're always working at multiple levels.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah I would just add obviously very strong customer loyalty that is added to adding new customers. But the other thing, Ryan is, we're growing the category of diagnostics through innovation. For example, the SediVue that we just talked about, that's a whole novel element that previously wasn't part of the category if you will in any meaningful way; a very small supply or something of no consequence. But we're also growing in places like fecal antigen, SDMA is, people are now more, have a stronger case to do preventative care when SDMA is a part of the chemistry panel because now they can actually find diseases, not just chronic kidney disease, but other diseases that have a secondary impact of injuring the kidney and thus SDMA coming up. And SDMA thus becomes a flag for something like a urinary tract infection, latent kidney stones or something like that. And of course that generates even more diagnostic revenue because you have reflex testing. So these are all kind of what we think are long-term secular trends that we are able to drive as a combination of bringing novel tests and innovation to the market and of course having a strong presence with our customers, so that we can educate and support them in the growing utilization.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. It's obviously people love their pets the world over and you mentioned some of the major innovations of that we're bringing. Interesting just on on SDMA, many markets, particularly – many markets in Europe interestingly are – they are more medically centric. And so SDMA is actually getting faster, if you will, pick up and sort of adoption and appreciation in those markets. Maybe it's because they're doing just sick animal testing, they don't do as much preventative care. For whatever reason the medical centricity is actually supporting the quicker appreciation for SDMA than we see in say the North American markets. You mentioned SediVue DX, I mean, we really haven't begun the launch of SediVue DX it's not reflected in the 2016 numbers and of course SediVue is a profitable category. Not only for the obviously the recurring revenues and we'll be running – we'll be rolling out the pay-per-view – pay-per-run model globally as we have in North America but the instrument placement is also higher profit than our typical instrument placement. And just as a reminder, we've made a series of investments including go-direct and strengthening our commercial organizations in markets such as Europe. In China we're very focused on the in-house market. In Brazil, people love their pets, in Brazil, and dress them very nicely but they don't have a full appreciation that veterinary care is also part of that an equation and so that's an attractive growth market. Even though the Brazil economy is nothing that you would crow about, our business in Brazil is doing really well. We've opened a reference lab in São Paulo and of course we're very focused on the in-house business and it's also an attractive market for the LPD business. And so it's interesting that we're seeing good growth in these markets that are in what I would call varied and not as, not always very exciting general economic areas.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Jon, just I just want to give a big shout out to our Westbrook-based manufacturing. We are very proud that the Catalyst was designed and manufactured here in Maine and the prior instrument, the VetTest, which is obviously about 30 years old – 25 years old vintage. That was not actually manufactured in the U.S. So we moved the manufacturing of our chemistry analyzer from outside the U.S. to the U.S. with the transition to Catalyst. And so one of our many proud accomplishments here in Maine obviously, we're going to be – we manufactured the T4 slide here in Maine. We manufacture the – we'll be manufacturing the SDMA slide in our Georgia facility, it's where the electrolyte slides are manufactured, our core chemistry panels are manufactured for us in Rochester, New York. So, yeah that's one of the reasons why we're a very significant net exporter.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you for that. We didn't provide a specific outlook for 2017. Obviously we reported the data comes from over 5,000 practices of all different kinds and all different softwares each quarter. So you can see that we're typically in the 6% revenue growth on a same-store sales basis.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, for the full year 2016 – that's at the customer level not at our level. And so I think what's embedded in our outlook is really similar in 2017 kind of hard thing to forecast but we don't really see any reason to change. Our first quarter will – we did have the benefit. It was a very strong quarter last year. Brian mentioned leap year, but it was also a – that was a very favorable weather and since we haven't finished the fourth – first quarter this year from a weather point of view that's always a – that can effect practice visits if people can't get to the practice from a weather point of view though. And, so that's a favorable compare that we have to – but we – people love their pets and one of the things we've said and observed is that while baby boomers were real big driver of the growth in pet care, they seem to have passed on to millennials an even stronger love for their pets and millennials keep – prioritize even higher than baby boomers their pets and making trade-offs to take care of their pets.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, that's a number, the herd health screening, is a number that can move up and down. I wouldn't call it seasonal. I'd just say it's the propensity of exports from one country to another to ebb and flow. And so it's a pretty small number but it does create a little bit of year to year volatility in the LPD growth rate.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Just to add with what Brian said, we've seen high ROI on incremental absolute OpEx and – so we're going to continue to double down and grow in our – that because that helps drive organic growth of very profitable revenues which then translates into areas of gross margin and allows us to achieve some operating expense leverage. So, that's one of the benefits of enduring growth model that we can both simultaneously make investments and achieve both gross margin and operating expense leverage.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you for highlighting that and it's an area that's really exciting for us. Of course, what SDMA does is it grows the entire diagnostic modality. We get higher customer retention than we otherwise would have. It allows us to attract new customers to the reference lab modality. It allows us to achieve maybe modestly higher price realization and utilization. What we're doing is we're estimating what the incremental impact is on SDMA in all those categories and none of that is direct, if you will, revenue from SDMA itself, because just to rephrase what you said, we're adding it at no incremental charge if they bought a chemistry panel from IDEXX in the reference lab. And we are adding it at no incremental charge on in-house if they're already buying the T4 slide. And, what we see though is that we'll probably have greater T4 SDMA utilization per customer than we would have had T4 standalone. And, of course if they are just wanting to add SDMA to the panel and not T4 we would suggest they should want to run T4 because actually our big data just recently showed that one in seven dogs, regardless of age, across the entire age cohort, has a low T4 rating which would suggest a thyroid or other disease that needs to be further investigated. I mean that's healthy dogs. That's not sick dogs. That's healthy dogs. Can you imagine, if you had a disease, you would have a one in seven chance of getting it, that you might want to get tested for that. And it's one in 10 cats. So we would recommend that they run the – that's kind of the case for T4, but then we've got a great case for SDMA, so why don't you just run the two together and add it to your profile. But if they ran SDMA without T4 then of course that is going to be incremental revenue on top of all those other sources which will support the modality growth in the modality revenues of instrument consumables and then give more customers exposure to the value of SDMA. What we find is when SDMA has, provides clear information they would not have otherwise gotten, they act on it and they see different patient outcomes they realize how important it is to have SDMA as part of the core chemistry panel. And so we're adding a whole new class of customers who wouldn't have had that experience once we launch SDMA on a slide.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Well, thank you. It's roughly, they're roughly running one a day. And that's what gets us plus or minus and that's what gets us to the $3,000 to $4,500 per year in recurring revenue on a SediVue placement. That is way underutilized but that is what we've seen in the first nine months. Still obviously very, very early days. I think as customers continue to appreciate the value of urinalysis, we would hope for that to grow but that's going to be a long-term trend. That's not going to be a short-term trend as all trends on growing utilization in diagnostics are in veterinary medicine. But I think customers are very excited about adding urine to the category and we're only at 1,500 out of 25,000 plus customers in the U.S. so we've got a lot of runway.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Just one quick correction. So that 5,200 practice is not just Cornerstone. It's – we get data from all different practice, four, five different practice, it's very representative to the market. And so I think it's pretty good data; 5,200 observations of real data is pretty good data. Look you know the Q4 – the revenue growth in the practice is what, 5.8%. So that was a – that trend data can bounce around; you look for the average of the year was higher than that. I don't think there's anything in particular that would suggest that that is the start of some kind of trend. And we are providing on our website that historical information in graphical form so I might point you and investors to that. Thank you and thank you for your kind comments.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And I think with that we are going to conclude the call. We appreciate everybody calling in. I also just want to reiterate my huge thanks to the 7,000 plus IDEXXers around the world who come in every day to pursue our purpose of enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people and livestock. And it's just gratifying to see and to be able to report and to be able to represent the outcome of their efforts with investors as we wrap up 2016 and move into 2017. And, we're definitely looking forward to an exciting new year in 2017. And with that, we'll conclude the call.
Brian P. McKeon: And Erin, I'd just add that our outlook for 2017, we expect or targeting placements of 2,000 or more globally for SediVue. So obviously that's building on the strong momentum we had in the U.S. and we should be seeing additional benefits from our expansion internationally.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, I think we report global numbers of course right so we've got I think Jon highlighted that in international markets we had over 20% growth in consumable revenues and I think that's reflective of our efforts to expand the industry and the huge placement opportunities that we see – we've highlighted strategically. We think there is a 100,000 Catalyst placement opportunities globally and we've placed over 5,000 Catalyst incrementally this year. So we took steps towards that big opportunity but we see a lot of runway to continue and that's supporting the higher growth. In the US, we've seen accelerating gains through the year and that's a combination of the Catalyst gains and we're starting to see some of the benefits of SediVue blowing into the consumable growth rate and that will be something that will support us moving forward. So, basically really strong sales and marketing execution globally, the benefits of the expanding Catalyst platform, and our ongoing test innovation.
Brian P. McKeon: It largely is timing. I think we basically had a pretty favorable year 2016 that was 3.7% of revenue...
Brian P. McKeon: I think longer term we've indicated we expect spending more in the 4% to 5% range and that's basically consistent with what we see in 2017.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. I think that's the big theme that you just noted at the end of your question, Jon, which is we are very much an exporter. We have over 20% of products that we sell in international currencies in foreign markets. We either manufacture or source here in the U.S., we have a large manufacturing capability here in Maine, which we are very proud of and look to expand. And we do very limited actually production overseas that is sold into the US market. It's very selective. So I think it's hard to predict where tax reform will go, we're looking forward to that, but I think that the theme in a lot of the discussions are things that would help exporters and improve I think the climate for business. And, we're looking forward to more clarity on that front, but hopefully we'd be a net beneficiary if things go in that direction.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. We are planning for continued operating margin expansion and operating expense leverage in 2017. So that's factored into our outlook. It's at the midpoint of our longer-term goal. And, so I think we are intending to build and we did flow through the strong operating performance in 2016. So we're building on top of the progress that we made this year. I think in terms of this year we – I'm sorry last year, 2016 – we clearly had very good revenue growth at the higher end of our goals. We were full three points above our original growth goals for the year. So I think we entered the year with a series of investment plans based on a level of growth that we significantly exceeded and that helps us to deliver relatively more operating expense leverage and we're clearly getting a great return from the sales and marketing investments that we made. In fact that was the biggest area of leverage that we took advantage of this year, this past year. So we always have variations in terms of like when we actually execute hires and things like that that may change quarter to quarter, but I think the longer-term theme here is, we believe we can grow at very healthy rates and continue to get leverage out of our model while we're investing towards the significant long-term growth potential we see in the business.
Brian P. McKeon: We're comfortable with that outlook. I think the growth in our recurring revenue base is a positive dynamic on margins and if we continue to grow at strong rates that's helpful as well both on gross margins and operating expense. We do intend to continue to invest towards the long-term growth opportunity. Jon highlighted some aspects of that today in the call in talking about the sales and marketing investments we want to continue to make globally which are yielding very high returns. So we're comfortable with delivering on that balance and it reflects if you look at our EPS outlook for 2017, normalized for foreign exchange and for the accounting guidance change, it's right in-line with the 15% to 20% that we said we were targeting delivering and we look forward to having another great year in line with our long-term goals.
