Brian McKeon: Well, as you know, I think we're very encouraged by the trends in the business and our execution. The decision to continue to suspend guidance is not reflective of a lack of optimism for the business. I think it's more just reflective of its – continues to be a dynamic. You can see 30% growth in the business in June, you know, we have, you know, some dynamics that continue to evolve, and we're gaining more experience in insight as we work through this. We're planning for solid revenue and profit growth in the near-term. We've got the same long-term outlook for our business. We see the same potential, and I think the strength of the business during the pandemic's reinforcing that potential. So, we're feeling good about the business, but we'd like to gain more experience with some of the dynamics before we start updating the specific projections.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. Mike, I think there's clearly some recent benefit from the pent-up demand, but the underlying market demand across our regions look solid. So, we're obviously monitoring that, but we feel very good about the underlying trends.
Brian McKeon: And as I highlighted the, in June it was up 30%. So, we're the same kind of [indiscernible] we've seen in other parts of the business.
Brian McKeon: I think as – it's early, but I think it’s a longer-term trend. Some of the themes that Jay was reinforcing on the increased emphasis on services and comfort level with recommending more diagnostics we certainly think that that can be a positive factor for us, but, you know, in terms of our new to moderate-term outlook, I think there are a number of variables that we're gaining more experience with and we're planning for solid growth. That's our outlook.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, Jon. I wanted to focus on the on the Q2 dynamic, but to your point, we we've typically grown at a very healthy premium. We look at it a few different ways, whether it be to clinical visits or things like PCE growth. And I think that even with the dynamics that went on earlier in the quarter the actual gap widened in Q2 versus historical levels somewhat. And so, we think that's very encouraging. We think it reinforces the themes that Jay was talking about, which is emphasis on services and some positive dynamics that may help us going forward.  We're not in a position to project our monthly revenues. What I would say is that, you know, the strong clinical visit trends that we're reinforcing and seeing globally, by the way, are indicative of solid momentum in our business overall. So, it's a, you know, it's a positive dynamic. We feel very good about that and look forward to building on those trends going forward.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, no, look, I think we're going to learn more as we go forward. We think we're – we obviously were surprised this was better than we expected. We knew it was a resilient business and thought we would recover quickly, but I think this has come back even stronger than we thought, and you know, we'll see how this plays out over time. There's a lot of dynamics going on in the near-term, there is some pent-up demand effect that that's going on, and perhaps some changes the way vets are delivering services that Jay highlighted. So, we'll learn more.
Brian McKeon: Sure. So just stepping back our CAG recurring Dx numbers, as we mentioned were up similar rates 7%, both in U.S. and internationally. Europe has, I think, overall seen similar strong recovery trends. I think there are some specific market dynamics. We've seen consistent, very solid growth in areas like Germany and in Southern Europe, particularly recovering from some of the significant lockdown or the fact that were seen in March and April. The UK lagged, that just having lockdown procedures in place for a longer period. And we noted that in terms of the lab growth was relatively lower than the U.S. but I think overall very similar dynamics V-shaped recovery, that clinics back online, very positive feedback on demand. And, you know, a little a little kind of an evolution of some of the markets, but as we as we speak, basically all the markets are back online. And, you know, we're feeling good about the growth outlook in that context.
Brian McKeon: A big part of that is mix. So, you know, just the strength of CAG recurring Dx and at the same time declines in the instrument revenues. So, you know that is definitely a factor in terms of the absolute number. We did benefit from cost control. So, we in late March, early April, when we saw the initial COVID impacts, we were very focused on making sure we can manage through that effectively. We were very tight on hiring and staffing. We ensured we had good service delivery, but that was a benefit as well. So, as we move forward, I think we – as we noted, we're going to be adding resources to make sure that we can support staffing. We're seeing some higher freight distribution costs, which I think is a broader kind of macro dynamic that's going on. And importantly, we'll have the German core lab coming online. So, we'll have some incremental costs there. So, that’ll be – have some moderating effects, but you know, we're very pleased with the gross margin results. And it really reflects the health and kind of the high margin flow through of the recurring annuity of the IDEXX business.
Brian McKeon: I think there is, you know, still some pent-up demand effects going on. You could see that in the wellness visit growth, it was up 10% through the first three weeks. So, I think that is supporting that. And, you know, it's tough to calibrate. We grew 7% in Q2 that's, you know, below what we had normally grown. So, you know, that would indicate that we didn't make up some of the visits and so, you know, we're not in position yet to say what's, you know, where's this settling out if you will. You know, I think the underlying factors all look very positive. The industry looks healthy. Vet clinics are online. They're doing more service based work. Anecdotally, the feedback has all been really good and I think we're just, you know, seeing factors that reinforce the strong pet owner bond and willingness to spend on pets. So, you know, we're likely seeing some continued pent-up demand benefit, but I think the underlying trends look very, very healthy.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. I mean, we do think as we indicated that some of this is due to pent-up demand, both from the wellness and non-wellness side. I mean, we also think that there's a potential change in the delivery of care, which is both driving visits to the practice and in higher diagnostics. And let me just expand on that through the lens of both the pet owner and the veterinarian.  So, if you if you think about the pet owner ,we’re all spending significantly more time with our pets as we work from home. We're observing more issues, you know, could be very simple things like limping, scratching, lesions. So, I think being more attuned to our pet and their activities, certainly, pet owners are bringing their pets to the practices both catch up, as well as observing new things. And then from the [indiscernible] dimension, we believe that if anything COVID-19 has continued to support and potentially accelerated the focus of medical services, now part of that may be to, due to, they've seen product sales, move to e-retailers as practices were close, or access, you know, somewhat restricted. And when you focus on medical services, as I indicated, to treat you first have to diagnose, and so diagnostics plays a really key role there. We've also heard from veterinarians that they are recommending in some cases a higher standard of care when the owners dropping off the pet at the curbside. Some of the uncomfort or discomfort of the face-to-face conversations are easier to happen when you're talking to the pet owner remotely. And there may be some factors related to just that awareness of the need to provide a full care, if there's a second way or there's a recession down the road, so in the pets and the practice taking care of the pet to the full extent possible. So, all these things are playing in, and we'll have to see over time how they play out.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, so we haven't seen hard data out there that quantifies the dynamic between adoptions and fostering. And you have to factor in all the puts and takes, but there's a lot of anecdotal evidence that was just, you know, adoptions from breeders, as well as fostering is up. And we've seen a number of different reports looking at the different dimensions of drivers. So, you know, I think it's reasonable to assume there is benefit from that, but over time, we'll watch some better data behind that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, there were a couple of things. We're pleased with the Rapid Assay business and the progress we continue to make in the assay business. Revenues did decline 5% organically in Q2 is primarily related to two things. One is, we were relatively more impacted in the early quarter piece of the pandemic impacted volume pressures. Keep in mind, a good portion of our Rapid Assay business is 4Dx and heartworm, which is more of a screening test. And the pandemic occurred right smack in the middle of a peak season. So clearly that was impacted. And then there were some year-on-year dynamics related to promotional timing activity. In 2019, we had a two decent sized promotionals. So the compare was a bit more challenging. We don't believe it's a competitive issue when you take a look at a couple things; one is, unique customers and new unique customers were modestly above where we were. So, we're happy with the way the business is progressing. And then if you take a look more at the sick patient testing piece of the portfolio, so these are [indiscernible] like Parvo and Giardia, as well as CPL and FPL, you know, those were pretty healthy. So, we've pretty much pinpointed it to both the promotional compare, as well as where the pandemic fell, relative to the peak season.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. As Brian said, we’re very encouraged by the strong recovery, you know, in the market, in business, and we think we're properly and appropriately positioning ourselves to be able to support that. And solid business growth as that develops, whether it's service levels or commercial capability, but, you know, they've given that the environment is still very dynamic, and it's challenging to project. You know, I'm just not going to go down the path of hypothesizing what that looks like. It's hard to predict what the future, you know, these type of COVID related restrictions are going to look like and how they play out. You know, though, as I said, we're very positive. I think we're very optimistic on the outlook and the resilience of the marketplace, but we’ll have to see how all the puts and takes play out.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, so, you know, whenever veterinarians focus on medical services, we benefit from a diagnostic standpoint, and it drives to care envelope and they need to be able to characterize the condition of the patient to be able to treat the patient. And the only way or the best way that they do that is through diagnostic testing. So, that's certainly a very positive factor. The other positive factor is more in our control, and that’s through innovation. As we continue to expand our menu, as we continue to expand the solutions and tools that we provide veterinarians, they test more. And then the third factor is obviously, creating awareness, education, and ultimately, more testing, and that's done through our field organization, our both professional service vets, as well as our account managers to VDCs. So, all those things come into play. I think it's a very positive story, in terms of, you know, those factors driving this engine of growth and diagnostics.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. I would just add a couple of observations. One, as I think as veterinarians recommend, let's say more of a full service approach, and pet owners are supportive of that. They often – that often go through a change themselves and say, okay, I've asked the pet owner for it, I thought they were kind of push back or maybe more budget minded than they were and in fact, they've been very receptive to us. So, I think what we often say and we see this in preventive care program is the whole process of helping the tenant or through that change management piece of bringing the pet in, and having this check that includes diagnostics is important both for the pet owner, as well as the veterinarian, and then, you know, the other thing that I would height, heighten or at least highlight is that, whatever the long-term citing or, you know whether people stay at home or if it's more of a hybrid type model or employees come back to work. You know, I think most experts who are looking at this believe that there will be more of a hybrid model where you have a combination of employees working from home and work. And I think that if anything, there will be, you know, that continued visibility to the pet health and strengthening of the human pet bond, which is, I think, good for the industry.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, no, I'll just give you a quick, quick update and flavor of the two, two products you mentioned. You know, we're – as I had indicated, we're really pleased with the market reception to digital cytology. You know, we think that being able to provide the cytology services in under 2 hours, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, is truly transformational. We think if I just characterize the U.S. market, we're primarily targeting the higher cytology users. So these are customers who submit five plus cytology exams, you know, the experts, the pathology experts like we have, and we think that that represents about 5% of the overall marketplace. Just to give you another data point, we have about 6,000 customers, IDEXX customers who use our reference labs and also use our cytology services. So, we think that there's a pretty decent sized opportunity out there, that's going to take some time to develop, but you know, so far so good in terms of customer enthusiasm and market reception to the service. In terms of the Bile Acids question, the way we think about it is, each parameter that we introduce is important. It has a lot of value to customers, but it's the cumulative menu that I think has the most impact. In the case of catalysts, this is now our, a test. The one previous to that was progesterone. So it's being able to provide a menu where you don't need to have a new or separate instrument that it fits within the workflow and use model of, you know, our chemistry analyzer is really important. The particular test [requested] Bile Acids is very accurate as reference lab quality performance. And we were very pleased with the rate of adoption and the rate of awareness amongst our customer base, given that it's only been really a couple months, and we're in the middle of a pandemic, so that type of uptake is quite gratifying.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, I mean, I think it has opened up everybody's eyes in different industries to things you can do more productively, or different. I think some of the examples we cited, like being able to firstly to partner with customers, whether it's through a sales process or remote installation, providing software tools, which allow them to do telehealth visits. You know, I think these things are certainly areas of focus that we can look at that will drive productivity. I think having a larger workforce without needing bricks and mortar, and being able to support remote employees, you know, in a productive fashion, I think, we're all finding that there's some, you know, that there's some benefits in doing that. I wouldn't quantify it at this point in terms of operating expense savings, but I work constantly as business leaders looking at how we can run the business differently and more productively while still supporting our customers.
Jay Mazelsky: I want to thank everybody for calling in. I know we have some employees who are also on the call. And I just want to express my gratitude for their extraordinary performance during these unsettling times. We run the company in a way that takes a long-term view designed to maintain and grow the strategic advantages of our business while still delivering the day. I couldn't be more appreciative of the IDEXX team and the purpose, which animates our work. We look forward to meeting many virtually as part of our Investor Day program. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
Jon Block: Thanks, guys. Good morning, sort of a long first question, but over the past two to three years, IDEXX’s CAG recurring growth premium has been about a thousand basis points to same store clinical visits. Let me see if I can make sense here. You know, for June, the premium was massive. It was on 2,300 basis points to 30% that you guys allude to in the release versus June up 7%. You guys in the release, and I think on the call talked about July same-store clinical visits up 6%, but how about the CAG recurring? I'm just curious if that massive CAG recurring premium remained elevated, you know and very wide and over 20% or did it start to tighten guys back to the historical, which is sort of closer to that 10% delta? Hopefully that made some sense.
Jon Block: Okay, I think [to try to push you] a little bit Brian. I guess what I'm curious about is, you know for the overall quarter, I believe according to my math, the average premium wasn't too dissimilar than years past. It was around a thousand bips, but it was crazy, right. In April, the CAG recurring was down 16%, and so was the visit. So the premium was zero in the beginning of the quarter in April, and then 2,300 basis points as you exited in June, and I'm just trying to get a feel, you know, on a month by month basis, that it's a very big move. So as we went into July, I mean clearly you have the data, was it, you know, elevated at that 2,300? Or did it start to work its way and compress a little bit? That's just sort of what I'm trying to get at.
Jon Block: Okay. And the second question is a little bit different, but hey, you know, you talked about some of the stuff we recently called out in our checks with work from home, resulting in pet owners to see more stuff for perceived issues and bringing their dogs and cats in the vet's office and, you know, as a result, they're running diagnostics. I mean, you also talked about curbside, you know, vets are uncomfortable selling so curbside just easier for them to push diagnostics, but, you know, those are arguably I think we all hope in some way are temporary and you know, when work from home eases, who knows, but going into 2021 and we're never going to remain curbside right? Hopefully people are going to go back into the best practice. How does that unfold? I guess what I'm trying to get at are these structural long-term changes in terms of tailwinds for diagnostics or do you see some of those benefits that you’ve alluded to arguably unwinding over the next handful of months? Thanks, guys.
