Merilee Raines: And I would say that that also is true for the first part of your question, David, that generally the reagent rental programs work that from both the customer perspective and our perspective, when there are higher consumable usage accounts. So whether that would be high VetTest or Catalyst that would be the case, but primarily we are seeing success with this with Catalyst.
Merilee Raines: The breakout between price and volume is probably about, 70% of that growth would be due to volume and about 30% for price.
Merilee Raines: We again, currency and the impact of hedge gains this year that we do not project would reoccur in 2013, create quite a bit of headwind. In fact, gross margin expansion that would be about 50 basis points, if you were to normalize for that. So we are expecting gross margin expansion and some price as a piece of that, as well as manufacturing efficiencies, and just really volume leverage and other things that we've been driving, and again, primarily our reference lab and our VetLab business. So those kind of recurring things we still see that manifesting, and we expect to see that manifesting continued margin expansion in 2013.
Merilee Raines: I really think this is more about the utilization. It's not so much about a higher margin. What we really have found is that with particularly, as we've now focused on customers' that are new to IDEXX and that's been an increasing focus for us, we found that there are plenty of high-test users out there. And because they are very confident about their consumable usage that this type of program, they feel very comfortable with it because they are already very confident about their consumable usage, so this is about high-volume users and really appealing. And, again, different things appeal to different customers, but this particularly resonates in some cases with some of these higher volume clinics.
Merilee Raines: Let's say, that probably more talking about something in the neighborhood of 27% or something by nature.
Merilee Raines: The program is really mostly geared towards chemistry. I don't know, there may have been a hematology or two, that was placed along with that but it primarily is geared at the chemistry market.
Jonathan Ayers: And we have a couple of lab openings, but I think the primary growth driver is going to be leveraging our whole network of 60 plus labs and the hub. And the other driver of growth is a growth in our, specialty testing, which generally speaking new categories of testing that that can't be run in-house and uniquely accrue to the benefit of the reference lab.
Jonathan Ayers: I'll tell you, it's kind of hard to allocate here or there. We continue with an appropriate and aggressive investment in our commercial organizations, whether they'd be at sales, support. We have couple of dozen people who supports specifically our distribution, as well as other elements of the marketing mix. So I think we're very comfortable with that mix. And it was really a modest change. Referring to the Scandinavian situation, what we're doing there is going directly. Obviously, we have a number of customers who use our equipment today. The distributor that we had wasn't very effective in placing new instruments and we think that's a very attractive market. And so with direct, we think we'll be in a much better position to place our instruments, which are well designed for the Scandinavian markets. It's an excellent match. But of course, we get the up lift from going from distribution in 2012 to direct in 2013. So yes we are investing in commercial resources in Scandinavia to go direct, although we're already leveraging our warehouse and distribution network because we're direct in the other countries and Europe. But that is in essence, being more than paid for by the pickup in the margin in those same countries.
Jonathan Ayers: We're really pleased with the relationships that we have with our U.S. distribution and I think one of the hallmarks of IDEXX is that over two decades of having work with distribution we're continuing to learn how to make that partnership stronger and stronger. And so we're pleased with the engagement of our exclusive distributors that you mentioned in an increase level of engagement. And we're also pleased with the continued high level of engagement of MWI, which remains an important partner for us. So distribution is an important element that supplements, of course, our direct sales organization. In the U.S. market, they work hand in glove. And we're very pleased with where things are as we move to 2013. And the ability of this entire, our commercial organization to communicate the benefits of the transformation of value of that our diagnostics provide. And as I mentioned in the call, I think it's kind of important, when people make that transition, they just realize they never want to go back, because, they've kind of asked us, so who should've been doing this all along. And so our challenge is really to bring people to that point across the market. And with our direct sales and our distribution engagement that we have now and they're pretty excited about things like VetConnect PLUS and the product line. We're thinking we're in a good position to do so.
Jonathan Ayers: In the competitive situation in the U.S. is different than international. And every country is a little bit different. We are really not seeing any change, and what I would characterize is historically been a very competitive market that we participate in U.S. and indeed all of North America. It's really the same level of competition. I think what we're excited about as we're bringing a new wave of innovation, on top of things like the specialized testing and the expansion of our coverage, of our lab network in North America, this new way of innovation really driven by VetConnect PLUS. And just as, I said a different way to see the value, and have much higher value in the usage of diagnostic information in the clinics, so that's really the biggest change we're seeing is what we're brining to the market. None of our competitor's in North America are competitors. Outside of North America, it's usually a country-specific competitors, in rare cases may move across a couple of countries. For example, we're really only reference lab network in Europe that's across the continent level, and then in the U.K. and of course, leveraging our global scale and capability. And the same is true in Australia, and in Japan, just a very different local competitive environment. So we're excited about it, because we can bring innovations that really come out of our global investment reference lab. And they might be in specialized testing, in advanced lab technologies and LIMS, which is our new Laboratory Information Management System that we're over the course of several years rolling out through the global lab business, internally developed system that we put over $10 million investment in. And very pleased by the way to be able to say that we've launched our first lab in the U.S. under LIMS after having successfully rolled linked out to our four labs in the U.K., and our four labs in Australia. So that rollout will continue and the U.S. of course is a pretty big opportunity to get a significant ROI in the LIMS investment. So we can bring those types of scale benefits internationally, and we're dealing really with local competition.
Jonathan Ayers: First of all, we really do think that VetConnect PLUS will be transformational in the way that diagnostic results are viewed and used. It's kind of the move to digital media from print media would be the analogy there. Right now, of course, it applies quite relevantly to the reference lab offering and to the in-house instrument offering. We do have a couple of different ways that rapid assay results can be entered into VetConnect Plus through SNAPshot as you mentioned or also directly through IDEXX VetLab station. One of the benefits of doing so is now VetConnect PLUS has what we call client-friendly reports, and in the case of our rapid assay business, preventative screening used in 4Dx for parasitic disease screening, the VetConnect PLUS can generate report that congratulate the customer on having protected their pet from vector-borne diseases, which gives a lot more of value to that 4Dx comprehensive test. I'm just saying there wasn't any negative result. And that's all integrated into VetConnect PLUS. As one of the benefits, but clearly as we look forward, we're going to be looking for ways to continue to leverage VetConnect PLUS as a way of communicating and disseminating diagnostic information and rapid assay included, Erin.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, I think we've been very successful in placing Catalyst in larger accounts since we launched it in 2008. And as you know we had launch, what we called the in-house protocol agreement, the IPA, about year and a half ago. And so we're continuing to find ways to move these larger accounts to the IDEXX diagnostic advantage, and with in-house equipment. And I think what we found was that every accounts will differ, they all will have different needs, they all will have different way of thinking. Many accounts do want to purchase the equipment. And there are programs that are beneficial to them, that place equipment, and there are other accounts that are more interested in this type of arrangement. The economics are actually not different, although the revenue recognition will be little bit different, but the economics and the cash flow, isn't really that different between different types of programs. But we just found that there is a segment of the market that this works. And of course, we really see that any account, certainly a large account, but any account, when they move to Catalyst and ProCyte and they are integrated with the complete solution and VetConnect PLUS, they realize that they just never want to go backward again. And so we're just finding ways to be able to bring them to that solution. We found that for a segment of customers, a minority of customers that this happens to be an effective tool.
Jonathan Ayers: We are a global business. So there a lot of moving parts there, John, but the purpose of placing the box is to generate the consumables. And that's where the profit driver is, and razor and blade of business model. And our objective is to find the ways to grow. And in fact accelerate, as we've seen that consumable revenue. And we're very pleased with what we're seeing over the course of 2012 with the accelerating volume. And as I mentioned, unit volumes is even higher than the revenue. In 2012, we think that will equalize volume and revenue in 2013, which will help to drive to 11% to 13% growth. So I mean, if you look at the 11% to 13% growth in the profit driver, which is three quarters of the business, we think that compares favorably with the market growth.
Jonathan Ayers: And that's a little bit offset by some of the areas that we're investing and that will generate attractive revenue streams in the future of such as Pet Health Network Pro and the expansion of bioresearch with our point-of-care of instruments and associated consumables. Those are going to be little bit negative, and those will be unfavorable to the gross margin in terms of mix as they pick up in the near term, but attractive in the long-term.
Jonathan Ayers: I'll tell you, we're very pleased with our engagement. And just returning to the rapid assay business, these are very unique, valuable combination assays. The 4Dx Plus, which of course, by far, the largest product line in the rapid assay business test for six different vector-borne diseases that are prevalent in test. And it's the gold standard. We have a lot of benefits. We can easily distinguish, in many cases, between a vaccinated animal and an infected animal, which is unique to that assay. And it's easy-to-use, people know it. And there is just nothing else that compares on the market. So I think the strength of our products, which particularly in the rapid assay side, speaks well for our position. And of course, we're continuing to innovate in the rapid assay line. And have a pipeline in the rapid assay line, as we do in our other lines. So we're never standing still.
Jonathan Ayers: We do have very specific plans in that area. For competitive reasons, won't go into much detail, but it is a contributor to our accelerated revenue growth. And I would mention with the Pet Health Network Pro, that these are annuity revenues. It's different than the instrument business where in the good majority of the cases. Even with the reagent rental program, you get the instrument revenue upfront and then you get the consumables after this. This is just the consumables business. So in other words, annuity business that comes from the subscription and the usage of traditional mail, which generates incremental revenue. So it's growing, I think it will be a new revenue stream in 2013. And it will be one which we'll build nicely in an annuity fashion in the years to come. We're very excited with the market response to Pet Health Network Pro. And really just had an unbelievable show at the North American Veterinary Conference, and of course, we're very pleased that the American Animal Hospital Association, which has tremendous credibility with 5,000 more sophisticated practices gave the exclusive endorsement for Pet Health Network Pro combined with Cornerstone as the way to take it to the next step in practice management. So we think we're well positioned to achieve our objectives in 2013 with Pet Health Network Pro.
Jonathan Ayers: I would say it really didn't have much of an impact, because generally those instruments are placed over the course of the quarter. Usually, it's a little bit more towards the end of the quarter. So not really, I would think any noticeable material impact in Q4. Really the impact will be in the quarters to come.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. We're expecting a growth in all of our reference labs in every single country market or region that we participate in, and they all will contribute to the growth. There are very different economies and different situations in each economy, and we generally don't go through each one, one-by-one. But for instance, in Europe, we have a new (licensing) opening which will really help the continental Europe. We have good momentum in our other markets, whether it would be U.K., Canada, Australia, or Japan, and of course, we're really excited about the U.S. because U.S. is the first beneficiary, the benefits of VetConnect PLUS in terms of the transformational way to experience and use diagnostics in practice. So all the regions will contribute to growth.
Jonathan Ayers: I wouldn't say just to the answer of stickiness, it's hard to get stickier than plus 99%. And so I think our instrument line is already amazingly sticky. And so this is not going to really change that, I don't think. I think it will continue to be amazingly sticky, not just because of the regional rental but because of the value that people see in these instruments and bring in to their practice. And the capabilities that once they start using, they appreciate and that are unique to the IDEXX offering. And that really runs across so many different dimensions, whether it's the speed of the instruments and being able to deliver the results inside an appointment, to the far more complete menu to the menu-flexibility, to the ease-of-use, to integration and to practice management software, and of course the benefits of VetConnect PLUS. So the list goes on. And I think people once they experience that they really don't want to lose any of that. And that's why these are so sticky.
Jonathan Ayers: So with the VetTest, we're are still placing a lot of VetTest in emerging markets, and even some markets you would consider established markets or emerging markets from a veterinary perspective. And so a lot of that is new instruments, where the practice is adding the instrument for the first time. But you know, with regard to Catalyst placement nearly 50% which is up from the 40% in the first three quarters of the year, and 30% really last year, so nice tickup. That's really going into accounts that have existing mostly, accounts that have some kind of existing analyzer that doesn't provide the same capability Catalyst, that's why they upgrade the Catalyst. And in minority cases its new practices. There are some practices out there, it's true. Not too many, but some of that that don't have in-house instrumentation. But that's more rare than customers who are using exclusively or primarily another analyzer not from IDEXX. And they decide to upgrade to the IDEXX diagnostic advantage.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, thank you very much everybody for listening in the call. And I want to congratulate the IDEXX team for all of our successes in 2012 and the momentum that we've established going into 2013. And we look forward to updating investors at our first quarter call as we continue to achieve our strategic objectives over the course of 2013. Thank you.
