Brian McKeon: Thanks, Ryan. On the project spending, it was just a normal executional timing. It wasn’t a change in plans, but just when we were able to execute some of the IT and R&D project spends. We’re still on track as Jon highlighted for the cash R&D spending goals this year, which are about a 15% increase. And so that will face in relatively more through Q2 through Q4. And we’ll also continue to execute in the IT front. So it was more just a timing versus our estimates.  I would highlight that in Q1, we had some favorability that benefited the quarter. We had some favorable compares in our LPD business on the gross margin line. We had very strong consumable growth in particularly in international, some of that benefited we highlighted there was some Brexit pull forward. That added a couple of points to growth and we’ve got some mix benefits from those factors.  And as we work through the years, we’ve highlighted today, we’ll have some incremental investments going coming online in the second quarter will be adding some day lab capacity in the U.S., and that’s factored into our margin outlook balance of the year. So we are clearly feeling good about how the year started. We raised the full year operating margin goal, but I think some of those factors will moderate the gains as we work through the year.
Brian McKeon: Yes. And I just want to do a color commentary, I’m glad you’re asking that question that Mike and highlighting that. We really, we run the business on the economic value of the instrument placement, which of course, includes the pricing of the instrument and the instrument revenues, but also includes our estimate of the economic value of the annuity, associated with that placement.  And so we don’t run it based on instrument revenues. So that would be the wrong way to think about the business. It’s about creating value with each quarter. And it was a very solid and positive growth in the value of those placements, and it was really, to put it in one word, it was really mixed up that has the revenues a little bit different than the value.
Brian McKeon: I think it is, yes. We should have continued good gross margin performance across the different businesses. I would highlight some factors that are benefiting us in Q1 in LPD. We did a very strong health herd screening, revenues which are relatively higher margin in that business. And that is that – we don’t anticipate that same level of growth as we’re moving forward and some of that was a compare. We had some higher costs last year as well. So, I think it’s a – the year-over-year growth, Jon, we anticipate some moderation in that dynamic, but I think we’re confident that we can sustain a good margin performance we’ve had in the business. And water continues to be a very healthy business for us. And I think we’re – we hope to build on that. I – we are obviously expecting this year gross margin to be a key driver of our overall performance. The 80 basis points to 110 basis points improvement and we expected the bulk of that to be delivering by gross margins, but there will be some moderation as we as we move forward including in the next quarter just as we advanced some of the investments that we talked about and we have some of the mixed dynamics changing as well. But we think, we’ve captured that in our full-year outlook.
Brian McKeon: Yes. And the – to Jon’s point, we’ve refine the methodologies and to make this even more accurate and just went back in time and adjusted the prior data to be consistent with that. So you’ll see some minor changes in the historical data, but it’s all intended to be apples.
Brian McKeon: So I think it’s very healthy market and it’s nice to see the first quarter. It does bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, but I was nice to see the first quarter metrics.
Brian McKeon: We did see more benefit than we anticipated. And some of it we tried to highlight here. I think the broader theme is we’re on track, we’re reinforcing the four year outlook, we’re flowing that through. And maintaining our outlook while we’re advancing some investments that we didn’t have for outlook. So I think it was number of things moved in a good direction in Q1 and we are talk to what their full year goals and it’s all aligned with the long-term goals we have for operating margin improvement. But I think you’re right. There were some upside there that we’re not projecting out in the balance of the year.
Jon Ayers: Yes. I think that’s a good question. I think it’s going to international expansions that they will – we will see the productivity build over the course of your. Obviously, we’ve got a phenomenal product line and we’ve demonstrated that with placements around the world. And it just gets better as we add to it with things like with progesterone and of course, the regular software updates that go to all of our instruments as part of our smart service strategy. But its – the sales expansion, so I would see this was a very major expansion. And we undertook over the last four months to six months, yes, internationally in selected markets. Obviously we had a very strong, we have very strong country organizations there already. But I would say this expansion was kind of more – for them, was more in the order of expansion that we undertook in 2015 in the U.S. and so I would use that as a guide, how we think things will progress over the year.
Jon Ayers: Thank you. We – that’s a great question. That is contributing to the 11% reported growth in the U.S. recurring revenue, which had a day of headwind in it. So that that’s – that is a – the preventive care is a big deal. And the evidence, the medical evidence for preventative care is getting stronger and stronger as we put together that the data and we share it with the industries and the key opinion leaders. And our field organization, I mean this is one of the reasons why we’ve done all of these expansions. They are bringing it to the local practice.  So we’re adding every quarter a couple of hundred practices who are moving to this new way of thinking. They’re all being threatened by the retail going out of the practice. And so they’re realizing that is a turned to diagnostics, that’s not only a nice anecdote, but it’s a higher, it’s a more productive, it’s higher, so more satisfying and financially impactful way to grow the practice. Then retail, it has higher margins. And it’s a whole lot more satisfying to address issues early then that deal with them very late in their progression with the pet.  And so I think we’re beginning to see significant momentum of 2,800 practices. That’s approaching 10% of the market. That is not a insubstantial demonstration of the success of this program. And yet, of course, we’re really only early days. We think every practice really should be adopting this as a best practice over time. They’ve got the tools and the support of our field organization to do so.
Jon Ayers: Yes, thank you. We’re really pleased to be able to present in partnership with Animalytix, the much more sophisticated U.S. metrics. And as we all know, there’s just like almost no data in this industry and there are reasons for that. It’s because, it’s not – it doesn’t have the standardization we see in human healthcare. In practice management systems, we found 790 different ways to call a dog, a dog. It’s pretty amazing.  So our machine learning AI is really coming into play here. With regard to the comparison to international, we just, we aren’t there yet. We don’t have that that same capability. But generally speaking, they’re the same pets and people love their pets. And the level of adoption of diagnostics is still a fraction. And so we’re bringing intention, but certainly any intention that the industry brings to the profession of the value of diagnostics we think will help grow the market around the world. And clearly we’re seeing that with the double-digit growth in CAG Diagnostics recurring revenues that we’re seeing routinely outside the U.S. somewhere to the more advanced market that we have in the U.S. And it’s really not – it’s really a phenomenon and the cuts across all cultures and geographies. And really it’s the amount of the attention that we can bring support of course, by a great product line that’s going to drive this growth, which is why we’ve done these expansions internationally to accelerate the adoption of diagnostics in the practice of veterinary medicine.
Jon Ayers: And that’s – we’re weighted towards the U.S. and consumables relatively. but I think that’s – those are reasonable estimates on the overall effect. And we’ll see, we don’t have full insight into how the many customers, we have an international markets are that you take…
Jon Ayers: Exactly. But we were anticipating there was a high level of concern obviously, with the uncertainty in Q1 and we’d anticipate some pullback in Q2, but it’s – we’ll see how that plays out. We don’t have full visibility into that at this point.
Jon Ayers: Yes. I would say it’s similar – similar dynamics. We had different metrics we can look at on that front. But I think the amount of cash that we put out for, in support of instrument placement programs on a quarterly basis was kind of in line with the trend we had last year. We did have a couple of tough compares in the quarter, set of view, we had an exceptional year last year and we had very strong placements in Q4 and our organization was really focusing Q1 on the big new – the competitive placement opportunities, which you saw on the quality of the numbers that we posted there. So that was one factor. Another one that we’ll see going into the second quarter as well as we had very strong vet crit test upgrade results in international markets including China last year. And so just on an absolute revenue basis, we’re up against tough for compares, but net-net, we’re shifting a lot of our focus towards the competitive placements and that’s helping us on the EBI front. So, we feel very good about the quality of the growth and just to reinforce, we pointed out that year-on-year, we’ve got a 24% increase in our Catalyst installed base globally. So, that’s the big driver of our consumable gains and we have great momentum there and we’re feeling very good about that and that’s where we’re confident in reinforcing the outlook for the year.
Jon Ayers: Just one more thing Jon, I really – I want to call out, I was very pleased – that we’re very pleased with the reference lab, a gross margin performance in the herd. And as you know that the U.S. has really been very well with the double-digit growth that is higher than our global 11% in the reference lab organically. It’s really being led by the U.S., it’s very, very successful part of our strategy. We’re seeing nice gross margin growth there. Of course, we’re reinvesting some of that for expanded capacity to really continue to provide an exceptional service level across all geographies in the U.S. and we’ve called that out as an incremental investment in balance of the year.
Jon Ayers: Yes, thank you. First of all, the SediVue to-date has mostly been a North American product area and it’s been driven by North America. And we continue to see that, that could be in the case in the near future. Our North American organization, particularly, our U.S. organization, it just had a very strong quarter in competitive catalysts, okay. Those are – they have that lot – adds a lot of economic value. Those are in some ways more challenging than even SediVue. And so we have the remaining SediVue opportunity in front of us that we’ve talked about, probably over 30,000 analyzers, when we compare what SediVue penetration could be in relation to chemistry and hematology. I think we’ve laid those numbers out in conversation with investors in the past. And so really there’s no – we don’t really see any change in the ultimate opportunity for SediVue penetration. And we really, really remain a class by our own with regard to SediVue and keeps getting better, that the Neural Network 4.0, which just is silent upgrade that went across our entire installed base, but a new menu and a greater overall experience. And we’re not done yet with continued software investments in SediVue. And our customers know SediVue just gets better and better. So I think, it was a quarter where the field worked on the competitive catalyst placements. And I got to tell you, I was pretty proud of our accomplishments in that regard. Also, Jon, one more thing. I know you’ve talked about it in the past. You got to be impressed with that 68% year-over-year growth in SNAP Pro placements. I mean, that’s really turning out to be a great strategy. And of course, that’s also takes a field effort to accomplish.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Let me first – take the first part of your question, and then Brian can answer the second part. So the 7,500 practices includes, while the 5,000 always included practices beyond our Cornerstone, which is go to PIMs. We’ve greatly expanded the number of practices across the five major practice information management systems that are out there, only some of which are ours and some of which are third-party. And in addition, not only that, we haven’t just taken a straight growth, we’ve weighted the growth across these practice by segmenting them and getting them proportionally represented to the market, in terms of geography. We may have more in one geography than another, but we’ve adjusted for that. And it’s really been with a supportive Animalytix that we’ve been able to do that weighting. So really it is a comprehensive revamp and we’ve been able to apply our machine learning algorithms to figure out what are the clinical visits versus what I would call maybe the retail or non-clinical service visits, such as boarding and grooming, which of course, these are the higher quality visits and they’re the ones that have a diagnostics and prescribed medications, so veterinary services that involved the veterinarian. So these are the more important – and they get more important business, so they give greater visibility. So I think long-term trends. Brian, you want to…
Jon Ayers: I think we look at this practice visit growth at the clinical level, not including net new practice formation, which we do not capture in this information, because we’re looking at same-store sales year-over-year. I think, we see a very robust market. I would generalize, stepping apart from the quarter as a whole, I think we’re seeing in same-store sales 2.5% to approaching 3% on a sustainable basis, practice visit growth on a same-store sales basis. And as we said, we had estimated that about 1% of that.
Jon Ayers: Thank you. We think we’re exceptionally well positioned and we have very high loyalty among our corporate practices. Our corporate practices value us for a couple of reasons. First of all, we helped them drive same-store sales growth, which just has a very nice drop through benefit in a practice that has high fixed cost leverage. Diagnostics is a great place to improve both the revenue and the profitability. And our field reps along with our technologies such as preventative care and the underlying diagnostic technologies and better than preventative care drive same – help them drive same-store sales growth. Second, the number one issue that corporate practices had his staff engagement and retention. It’s hard to recruit in the current environment. And the staff likes our products and they’re very loyal to our products and they – and our corporate practices appreciate on that. And so they really want to be able to support the local staff with the best technology. And that’s one of the reasons why we have such high loyalty, because they acquire practices with our products and they keep them. And if they decide to take them out that really usually has a pretty negative impact on engagement, which can lead to issues on staff retention, which of course has a pretty dramatic impact on the economics of that practice. So you lose a key producer and you’ve got to go find someone that’s not a pleasant experience. So our model works in the corporate and you can see it in our recurring revenue growth even in the period of the slow evolution of the industry to a larger corporate sector. Our recurring revenue growth is quite strong in that regard and those loyalty factors that I mentioned in my prepared remarks of 98% to 99%. That’s all in, that’s individual and corporate all embedded.
Jon Ayers: All right. We are on track with opening the new core lab in Germany, which will really replace existing lab in Q1 of 2020. I think your comments are correct with regard to first half and second half for a comparison on the international reference lab. I think it’s all part of that growing the highest and most productive use of these reps is placing instruments, because that’s got very, very – that’s a very, very profitable business for us. But of course, we are growing our labs too. And so it’s really – it’s putting all that together, there’s some time experience to pull that off. And so we’ve got moderated expectations on the reference lab impact of the expansion in relation to what we hope to achieve with regard to instrument placements.
Jon Ayers: This is – generally speaking, this is an amazing business with very, very high ROIC. It’s an investible business. And so we are continuing to invest for sustained long-term growth in the profitable and enduring recurring revenue. So we look our plans, of course, extend way beyond the year 2019. And it was really factored into what we shared with you as our outlook for the year is the maximizing the growth and the value to our customers and our investors over a five year or five year plus timeframe.
Jon Ayers: It’s relatively small differences. We haven’t broken that up, but it’s – we’re just trying to highlight that we’re advancing some additional investments and that’s factored into the guide.
Jon Ayers: Well, what I will say is, and thank you for that question. I think we are driving growth through new instrument placements. We do see a nice – you don’t get to double-digit recurring revenue growth without both the new customer and store and dynamic and some modest price realization. But, we don’t yet really have an appropriate focus on preventative care outside of North America yet, simply because I think it just test the sick pets, we would be a lot higher utilization than we have today.  So we’re just convincing them to add diagnostics as part of the sick pet visit, which is obviously outside the U.S. with an overall lower standards, a higher proportion of total practice visits. And yet the preventative – there’s no reason that preventative care couldn’t be an opportunity broadly speaking outside the U.S. we have it, we have started very, very selective markets, but it’s a relatively small thing and something I talked about last quarter, but it is ahead of us. At some point we will turn to preventative care globally, because we have great proprietary platform in that regard. And the sales organization and the diagnostic modalities to pull that off. It’s just not quite ready for the opportunities internationally are where we’re taking advantage of them today with the new instrument placements and utilization growth and sick animal testing.
Jon Ayers: Okay, great. Thank you all. With that, we’ll conclude the call. I want to, again, thank our employees for the phenomenal progress and the performance in Q1 and advancement of our technology and commercial strategies around the world. And also, I’m grateful for the attention the confidence that our investors have in the IDEXX business model. So with that, we’ll conclude the call. Thank you very much for calling in.
