Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, great. As we mentioned, this really has no impact on our 2018 guidance. Our field team has a tremendous number of offerings to sell. Catalyst now with SDMA and the SDMA T4 combo kit, SediVue which just tremendous runway ahead of us, what a great product, hematology, we're still highly differentiated in hematology, the reference labs, both growing utilization and winning new customers. Preventative care is a big growth driver, organic growth driver for us and the industry's SNAP Pro placements. You saw the digital radiography, the software, the VetConnect PLUS with major advancement. So really, we see the small amount of revenues that we had in our original plan is really being supplanted by growth in all these other areas, and really gives us confidence for the year. In fact, Q1 is the most logical time to launch a new point of care SNAP assay at the beginning of the year with a lot of focus on new products. We're going into the season for – we're testing most intestinal parasites around people's minds in the summer when dogs are at the dog parks. And we do not expect or see anything on the competitive front. This was quite frankly the assay, which is performing very well. It took us ten years to find and develop the reagents for the three key worms, which we offer by the way in the reference lab. We have a fecal antigen, one of the big drivers of reference lab growth. And that's all a proprietary reagent. So, we think this will be a proprietary product for a long time certainly if you look at the length of our patents.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think we're continuing to innovate in how we advance the customer's journey to belief in the importance of our innovative diagnostics and the care of the pet. I would put it mostly on sales force productivity and not just sales force, but of course the supporting marketing. We have the importance of our other professionals in the field whether they are the professional service veterinarians and the field support reps. Our international had a tremendous growth. I think that was the adoption of EVI for international, obviously the U.S. is getting stronger and stronger in understanding how EVI can drive profitable growth. And yet, we still are discovering innovations to advance the customer's journey to believe in all areas, whether they are the importance of a fresh urinalysis to preventative care. It's amazing the amount of hidden disease. We've done a study for wellness really well, absolutely nothing wrong, by the way nothing wrong to the pet owner, nothing wrong to the veterinarian upon the exam, and yet one in eight dogs and cats in the adult age, one in six in senior and two in five in the geriatric category have evidence of underlying disease when you run the basic chemistry, hematology and SDMA. I mean these are extraordinary numbers. And we're bringing these numbers to the field. I mean, they are both the importance of testing and of course the addition of our unique proprietary assay such as SDMA and our advancements in the hematology area, which remain unique. And so, this is a huge opportunity for growth. It's shocking that only 14% of clinical visits in our customer base, which is probably more advanced in the customer mix generally include a basic chemistry panel where the sick animal are well and roughly half the visits are wellness. So, there is tremendous opportunity for growth ahead of us in the diagnostic category, and of course that's going to relate to overall practice growth because when they find things, then they need to address them.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, thank you again for the question, Ryan. It's a really interesting question. It's certainly not a boring question. It's been very successful to us, the launch of the IDEXX 360 program in the first quarter of 2018, in North America. We call it 360 because it's all encompassing or complete. And really what it is is it's a friendly way for customers to adopt more of our portfolio and also adopt more of our menu in our instruments. And so, the reason why it's called 360, it's an all-encompassing or complete diagnostic offering and really leverages the fact that we have a complete portfolio of in-house and very full in-house with the urinalysis and the rapid assay and the reference lab to grow the business. And it's also – a second reason is, it gives a 360-degree view on the patient's health. Because you can combine both what you might run on an in-house test with what you might reflex or run on the reference lab and have all that available to you in VetConnect PLUS with advanced testing options that are unique to IDEXX. So it is a program which leverages the fact that we're in all the modalities and makes it easier for customers to adopt, whether it's new systems or come over to our reference lab growing same-store sales, winning new customers on a modality basis, and it's been – as you can see, it's been very successful, which is interesting because any new programs sometimes takes the field a little while to learn and they picked this one up relatively quickly in the first quarter with great success.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Those are two different things. So obviously what we talked about in the Q1, much of that was anticipated in Q4, right? So it wasn't incremental for the Q4. And we have – this now aligns with instrument revenues.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I'd say, in summary, I think the overall industry trends remain quite solid. Q1 can be a little bit bumpy.
Jonathan W. Ayers: But we see overall trends are quite solid. There is no reason to believe that they are not. And I would have mentioned that the revenue growth at the practice level was really not that different than what it has been historically at that 4.8%.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I mean the product we're really pleased about right now is the Catalyst SDMA. This is an enormous product. It's interesting. You've seen the – you saw the 42% adoption rate in a very short period of time in the U.S. market, which really just shows the underlying demand for SDMA that we've built from the reference lab. Now some of those customers don't even use our reference lab. And so maybe they will use our reference lab now that they see the value of SDMA. And so we've got – and then we've got just great – we've got a completely differentiated hematology offering. Obviously SediVue is going great guns. And so when you launch a product, you've got like several years, many years of growth ahead of you. Clearly SNAP Fecal will be a big focus of launch in Q1 2019. I'm not ready to talk about any other products at this point in time, but you should expect, of course, continuous improvement in our existing products. So we just launched, for example, the new image algorithm for SediVue, Neural Network 3.0. And we expect to have a cadence of annual algorithm improvements that comes from the fact that at this point we have over 1 million patients that have been run on SediVue, and we use that with machine learning to advance the algorithm. Of course, it's unique to our Smart Service, the fact that all those images come back every day. And so the products will continue to have incremental advancements. But we're going to be – we have good product launch now scheduled for the beginning of 2019 with the SNAP Fecal.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, first of all, we would like to congratulate the Henry Schein and Vets First Choice on their merger. As you know, we've moved away from distribution a number of years ago and we have a fully direct model which has been very, very successful for us. I would say that anything that engages pet owners, and in this case I think it's more compliance on with Vets First Choice, it's more compliance on therapeutics and preventatives and that kind of thing. But anything which grows the profession is good for the profession and is good for IDEXX. And so if this is pulled off and good, it's going to be a positive for us and a positive for practices as we firmly believe that pet owners – if practices can better serve pet owners, the underlying demand for pet care is – it's underserved, but dramatically underserved. And anything we can do or others can do to help practices better engage with pet owners is a good thing. So, yes, so that's our point of view.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We're very pleased with the progress, Neo which is cloud based. We're also pleased with Animana and between the two of them, we have 1,600 customers who use our cloud based practice management software. And of course, we also have a variety of apps which integrate with ours and other third-party softwares that add value for the customer. And so this is I think an exciting area, it's a dynamic area. We've made some accelerating investments in 2017 and more in 2018. And we really have an unparalleled U.S. and global footprint when you add up our PIMS or apps or VetConnect PLUS presence, all of which are back to that prior point of helping customers run their practices better, more efficiently and engage with pet owners better and thus advancing the growth of the profession. So we really think we have a sort of unparalleled offering and it's very important for us. And we'll continue to be growing it as part of our diagnostics and software strategy.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I'm going to tell you, 42% within months of launch is an amazing, amazing accomplishment. And nothing happens fast in veterinary. Everything is – the adoption rates are typically very slow. And in that context, the adoption of SDMA on the slide has been exceptional. And so we're very, very pleased with the success we've had. We've really been fully in the market in the U.S in January. We took some preorders in the fourth quarter, but we're really just ramping up for the last four months. So I think that's a great number. And the nice thing about SDMA on the slide, as I mentioned, it actually increases the economic value of a placement of a Catalyst because it's an additional – a parameter that customers purchase. And thus the consumable stream from a Catalyst placement goes up just like with T4. And then as I mentioned, we are going to have the SDMA T4 combo kit, which I think is another kind of subtle, but it's going to be very appreciated by our customers because then they can just drop both those in together and with a chem panel and with older dogs and cats you really want to add T4 and of course you also have a very strong case to add SDMA to that for in-house testing. So we're very pleased with that strategy.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, I would say that there's not a material change to your last question in the pull-through. You would think that with exceptional value that your analysis adds to clinical insight, you would think and yet that's really to my prior point, things don't change that fast. And so where I think we've said 3,000, 4,500 in consumables per placement of SediVue. And to your earlier – it's really all of the above. We're selling into our installed base. We're selling to customers when they buy the full suite. We're selling to customers who don't buy the full suite but maybe they're going to buy the full suite later. It's now very mature, very sophisticated instrument with huge differentiators. Of course, we've got the Pay per Run, which customers love because they don't have to buy consumable inventory in advance. We just had a very, very successful second year Free UA Day, which we can do because it's Pay per Run. We have one customer run 100 urinalysis in one day. That's a lot of urine. And that was a lot of clinical insight. And what we're finding is just like when you run a chemistry panel, there is a tremendous amount of clinical insight that you wouldn't always expect. When you run that urine, you find a lot of hidden disease and you're getting a better differential. So the runway on – I think you're going to find that in time a practice will feel incomplete without in-house urine sediment analyzer, just as they do today in large part with chemistry, hematology, radiography. This is a core component to be able to reach the basic standard of care in veterinary medicine in the U.S. and then of course we have the whole international, which we really haven't even gotten started on yet because we're having so much success with placing Catalysts as you saw from the numbers, but following on Catalyst over the next decade we'll have a second wave with a very sophisticated urine sediment analyzer in the form of SediVue.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you. We're just very pleased with our organic growth of 12% driven in large part by the CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue of 13%. That component of our revenue, that CAG Diagnostics recurring revenue constitutes 76% of the company's total revenue. It's a real driver, although the other parts of the company are well too. I want to certainly congratulate our Water business. It had an exceptional 12% quarter, but it is a high-single-digit organic grower with mid-40s operating margins and very little invested capital. It's really an exceptional business and our team is doing a great job there. They did a great job with the go-directs in Brazil. And then, comparable constant currency EPS growth of 32% was driven by strong fundamentals of our revenue growth and margin expansion and further aided by the net benefits of tax reform. So I just want to congratulate the IDEXX teams around the world for their successes in Q1 and the momentum we have in the business. I think everybody is very, very excited about what we can bring back to veterinary medicine. People love their pets, Millennials love their pets even more, and we can help veterinarians take care of those pets, live long, healthy lives. With that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
Brian P. McKeon: And Erin, it will obviously provide a nice uplift for our growth in terms of being all incremental compared to this year. I think you had a question on competitive to this, this is not related to anything going on competitively.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. It turns out people love their pets all over the world and the opportunity for us is in basically every market depending on its size. And so we're about 99% of our Companion Animal Group revenues are sold direct which gives us full opportunity to work with the customers to grow utilization. And as you know utilization and just diagnostic protocols outside of the U.S. are behind where the U.S. are. EVI is essentially, although not 100%, it's essentially adopted in all of our direct markets. There are a couple of remaining small markets that are still in process. And for the most of the markets we do have a customer-centric Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant model. Germany is a very important country for us. Because there is tremendous in-house opportunity for us and, of course, we have very strong lab presence that we're augmenting with the adoption – with building out an expansion and a new core lab in Germany which, of course, will be a network for a variety of European countries as well as Germany. And so each country has its kind of unique aspects in terms of our sales model, but we're very pleased. It's not easy to translate. As you all told us when we did this several years ago in the U.S. market, it is not easy to move sales roles. And I'm just very proud of our German team for doing it and showing that it can be done. I think we leveraged a lot of learnings from the U.S. in doing that in Canada. We're pretty much a common model in Australia. So as you can see here, it's becoming more and more, but it's a step-by-step process. We're not fully adopted yet.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. It was basically a 1% headwind on recurring revenues which we noted. The weather is a hard thing to parse. I think it didn't impact our business. We had a great quarter. I think in the market. Overall it likely had somewhat of headwind, but it's just a little tougher to estimate. But I think the one...
Brian P. McKeon: And so it just reinforces we had great performance, very strong performance. I'd point out in markets like Europe, we had up against a tough compare in the lab business, we had a really nice quarter there as well. So very pleased with how we started the year particularly in context of some of that.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. Why don't I just take a minute to give you a little background on the accounting impacts because it takes a minute to kind of digest and understand. But, look, as context, we raised our outlook for 2018 by $15 million and that reflected the Q1 performance as Jon talked about as well as our updated projections for placements and program mix which are all aligned with this new revenue recognition standard. And I think it's important to understand that under the new standard, the instrument revenues are now going more closely track placements. So if you think across the different programs that we have, revenues under volume commitment programs and rebate programs and upfront programs are all basically in that aligned now with revenue recognition, at the time of the placement. When you look at the accounting, what's attributed to the accounting impact, calculations of what's attributed can be impacted by changes in program mix which are independent of how many you place. So, for example, under this new accounting guidance, 100% of the revenue from a new program like IDEXX 360 is treated as being related to the implementation of the new revenue standard. And the reason why is that under previous GAAP, this is basically a volume commitment program. Those revenues would have been deferred. So basically what you have is program mix shifts, which don't impact our view on placements, which drive revenue are being – are attributed to the accounting standards. You just can't take that first quarter effect and multiply it by four. What we did is we're updating our placement view. We took up the full-year numbers based on the strong start. It's all aligned with the new standard that has upfront revenue recognition. And as we work through the year, we'll do the reporting to go what's attributed to new standard, but I wouldn't focus on that metric as how to get at our revenue outlook, if you will.
Brian P. McKeon: We had kind of the seasonal stocking programs we typically do. And that increase was net of those sets of programs. And our outlook for the year is we're trending in that 2% to 3% range and that's consistent across the modality. So we're continuing to get solid net price gains, but more of our growth is being driven by volume growth, and we've got excellent momentum on that front.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes. I'm going to go back to kind of the earlier responses that I gave, which is I think when you're trying to take what's attributed to the accounting change and adjust growth rates, I don't think will help you understand the trends in the business. And that the way the accounting disclosure work is, you attribute benefit to the accounting change for a new program like IDEXX 360 as if it's 100% related to an accounting change. And obviously this is a successful new program. It's just a mix change. So what I'd say is the underlying growth we were above where we thought we were going to be because we have really good instrument placements. And as we look at the updated full-year outlook, we've flowed that through, and we took it up more based on the momentum that we see and our estimates of what the program mix will be. And basically under all the programs, Jon, now the instrument placements are much more aligned with – the revenue is much more aligned with when you place the instruments. So we feel comfortable with that. And we'll try to help you understand the growth rate impacts, et cetera. But I think the underlying momentum of the business is very strong and sustainable under the new recognition standards.
Jonathan David Block: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Maybe 2.5 questions, just one small clarification. So the first one, just 1Q 2018 market growth was a little lighter, market growth that is, was a little lighter per your metrics, actually in line with some of our checks as well. So anything that you can share for April, Jon, or just at a higher level I guess what I'm asking is do you think this was all weather specific, and that the overall industry trends remain solid? That's the first question.
Jonathan David Block: Got it. Okay. And then just certainly impressive to increase the guide, especially considering the new timing on SNAP Fecal antigen. That said, I should have always thought about IDEXX, you're the innovator maybe at least one new product per year. And so should we now think that SNAP Fecal antigen is that product for 2019? Or I guess any other tricks in the bag that you can allude to? And then I'll just have my final clarification question.
Jonathan David Block: Okay, perfect. And a clarification, and Brian I think this is for you and hopefully I don't butcher this too bad, but you put up organic growth in CAG of 13.1%. The accounting change, if I remember correctly last quarter, was a 50 bp tailwind for 2018. Was that sort of going to come on board ratably throughout 2018? Or maybe asked differently, normalized for that accounting change, were you essentially at 12.5% for this quarter? Hopefully that makes sense. Thanks, guys.
