Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you for that question, Nick. We're really extremely pleased by SediVue's performance. It was a contributor to the 50% year-over-year growth in premium instrument placements by the U.S. sales team in the second quarter. I think we're in only very early days, top of the first inning here, with SediVue. The number of orders we generated in the second quarter was pretty close to the number of deliveries, and as I said, there is a broad and deep market. Now, there are 25,000 veterinary practices, so it doesn't have to be a huge percentage to be a pretty big market opportunity for us in the U.S. and, of course, we believe there is opportunity around the world. Every practice does urinalysis. Every practice has the same problem and the analyzer is justified with really no more than one urinalysis a day, one to one-and-a-half. So it's a deep market and we have a great team to bring that technology – first and only; nothing like it in the market – to our customers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: First of all, the response is very positive to the pay-per-run that we introduced uniquely with SediVue. I think the customer conversation is mostly about the value that the analyzer brings to the practice. The pay-per-run is, if you will, icing on the cake. It's, "Oh! And I don't have to invest and worry about inventory." It's just like the reference lab model of supplies in advance and pay after I use. So it's sort of the final piece that is attractive. We believe that there are elements of that that are unique to SediVue, but there is an element, which is what we call auto replenishment, which is automatically shipping based on usage, that we could apply in the future as we perfect that model and one of the unique benefits of our direct sales organization and direct sales model. But that would not be pay-per-run; that would still be a pay for the consumable in advance, but it would simplify the inventory management and actually eliminate the need to order the consumable. And that could be a nice customer benefit, but we're a ways away from that. We've got a lot of work to do in 2016.
Jonathan W. Ayers: No. Well, so the bottom line is we think that SDMA expands the opportunity and the value of chemistry testing overall, okay? So it's a market expansion opportunity. Many of our customers are saying, "Oh, now I have a better reason, for example, to talk to my customers about preventive care testing, because there are things like chronic kidney disease that I can catch earlier when I have time to do something about it." So I think in general, SDMA is a market expansion. We always have an in-house offering and a reference lab offering. And many of our customers say, "I would use SDMA, but I'm committed to real-time care. And getting the SDMA the next day after I've done the whole real-time care protocol with the customers isn't quite working for me." So I think what we'll do is it'll bring SDMA as a routine part of the chemistry panel to the in-house modality. We don't anticipate changing our strategy with regard to reference lab pricing of chemistry panels from what we have today. We believe that SDMA will have an enduring impact on incremental growth for the reference lab overall. Of course, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we will be charging for the slide – on the in-house because it has a cost associated with us, but we think by the time we'll launch the slide we'll be two years into education of the market of the profound and remarkable value that SDMA brings, really as what I think is recognized as the most important among a whole set of important chemistry parameters but more reliable than the most frequently used and understood parameter today, called creatinine. And so, when you have a parameter that's more reliable than probably the top of the list, that has an impact on the value of the chemistry panel.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you, Jon, for the question. That's why I think Brian talked about the 7% growth. And, recognize, this is the reported revenues. The actual revenues from over 5,000 veterinary practices with, by the way, practice management systems of all types, so it's a pretty robust data set. It is the same-store sales data set, so it doesn't account for net practice formation. I think that the first quarter was exceptional at 9%. I believe the fourth quarter was more like 7%. We've seen 5.5% to 7% kind of growth in the revenue on the same-store basis in this metric over the last several years. April was a little weak, probably for whatever reason, picked back up in May and June, and so one month or even a quarter does not a trend make. But we see it's a pretty solid market. People love their pets. We've done some research that suggests that millennials love their pets even more than their parents, which is pretty amazing given what Baby Boomers have done in terms of taking care of their pets. So I think that the broad trends are favorable. The macro – it's relatively less sensitive to the macro but not insensitive to the macro, and of course your guess is as good as ours on where that's going.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think, to take a point in case, we like to bring up Brazil, which is getting a lot of attention with the Olympics and all and is in I think one of their largest economic crises in the post World War II era, and we've got exceptional growth in Brazil. People love their pets, and so it's a favorable underlying cycle megatrend of value in their pets.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And Jon, again, thank you for the question. As you recall from our Investor Day last August, the 50 to 100 basis points for long-term margin expansion is very consistent with what we stated as part of our core financial model back then.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you for the question. It's a great question, and you are exactly right. It's completely compatible with the over 20,000 installed base of Catalyst Dx and Catalyst One analyzers, and it will work just like T4.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you again for the question. We've seen very solid performance in our overall rapid assay business, really for the last four quarters. There can be compares from – and it's a seasonal business, but, of course, if you're comparing to second quarter last year, you're comparing to the same season. So there can be variations based on the timing of our promotional programs from quarter to quarter, but overall, we're very pleased with the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs to communicate the clear clinical exceptional differentiation in our rapid assay technology and the accuracy that customers expect versus newer competitive offerings using lateral flow technology, and I think customers recognize that; they recognize the value of multi-analyte testing in one test as we have with 4Dx Plus, which has been very solid. So we're going to be, of course, adding more value to the rapid assay business with the upgrade of SNAP Pro and SNAP interpretation, which has been a requested feature of our customers. Again, it's like the SDMA for the Catalyst. Our analyzers grow in value over time, and they grow through software upgrades. And those software upgrades can be delivered through the Internet of Everything, because almost all of our analyzers and the majority of our SNAP Pros are connected to the Internet, so we just in the background download these software upgrades. This is totally unique to the IDEXX platform, the information management platform. And so, all of our offerings grow in value over time, and so we're very pleased with where we are with the rapid assay business. I'd say 7% was a kind of above average response, and if you average the first and second quarter, you probably get closer to what we think is – that where we are with that business.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. And SediVue, of course, is a razor/razor-blade business model, so when we talk about the placement of analyzers, well, of course, we get the revenue associated with the instrument sale. But we also start to build the recurring revenue of the pay-per-run and that happens year after year. So as we grow the install base over year after year, this will be a contributor to the instrument consumable growth for IDEXX, and it adds value to the rest of the suite so it improves the retention and helps us acquire customers for the entire in-house suite, which also supports the recurring revenue component of the business model.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you, Nick, for those comments. Of course, it's all about the recurring revenue growth, because that's the enduring profitable sustainable part of what instruments bring. We've been working on our information technologies strategy for in-house instruments for a decade. Today, we have an installed base of 27,000 IDEXX VetLab Stations globally, about 90% of them are connected via SmartService. We have 9,000 customers in the U.S. that are connected two-way; they're in-house and in practice management of all types. We have 23,000 VetConnect Plus activations. Interesting, utilization has grown year-over-year in the second quarter of VetConnect Plus by over 70%. And we're adding additional functionality. Of course, SediVue brings images. We have images from the reference lab. We've added reference lab ordering in the fourth quarter. All of this has helped and achieve an essential – an essential element of our integration strategy is the activities of our 80-plus field service reps. It doesn't happen unless they're in the field helping customers actually go through the installation and change management process of going to an integrated offering. So I'd say that this is a strategy that is well developed but still progressing at a very rapid rate and we are very comfortable with the high-level differentiation and the ability in the field to be able to talk about the unique value that this integration strategy brings to IDEXX.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. I think we have a sustained commitment to R&D. I think what's most notable is the level of productivity we've achieved in our R&D investments over the past few years to really generate some extraordinary products in the form of Catalyst One, which really nothing like it, you could see it by the world response to it. SDMA, which is the most important new parameter in the veterinary profession in 50 years. And SediVue, which is an entirely new in-house modality. We have a significant investment in the current numbers for continued menu expansion, for continued advancement of our instrument platforms, and a very important area is information technology. Certainly, the cloud and the Internet of Everything, these are major technologies that we are – even though we've got now close to a decade of experience in these technologies, depending on which one you pick, we still feel like we're in the early days of what this can do for our business model. And so this is all embedded in our R&D numbers and embedded in our long-term guidance. We don't see R&D growing faster than revenues, but we of course have a commitment to continue the innovation as a core part of the IDEXX business model.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you, Nick, and I appreciate your need to do the models. We really look at it on an annual basis, and there can be a quarter-to-quarter variation, but I think it's – from our point of view, from an execution point of view, and financial point of view, we're really driving the annual growth in revenue and margin.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Ben, yeah. Thanks for the question. Good answer, Brian. I also want to comment that we're pleased with the progression of the customer acquisition costs. Not only do we see a continuing pretty significant moderation, it's moving more towards customer acquisition, which is not something you see inside of it. These are true – a greater percentage were actually customer acquisitions. So I think all the pricing dynamics are favorable; 2% is kind of what we expect to be the run rate here, as we continue to drive adoption and volume growth.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And just stepping back here, our purpose here is to expand the standard of care. We believe that we're still in the early days of the level of care that is delivered, and the level of care that actually pet owners will demand when they're fully informed. This is a volume-based strategy, and that's why the majority of organic growth is volume. We think 2% is reflective of the fact that our existing offerings are getting better and better, adding SDMA to the panel, and adding menu to the in-house analyzers, adding new software, new functional capabilities of SNAP Pro, we get to realize modest pricing gains. But we're really driving market expansion through primarily a volume strategy.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Good. That's a great question. We know it's an important question. I think we're still very, very early days in the SediVue launch. And I really don't have any comments other than the earliest returns validate what we said in terms of consumable utilization, but it's just so early, given that we just started installing the instrument in April that we just would like to have a little bit more experience under our belt to be able to report that back to you. Thank you.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Erin, thank you for that question. It's a great question, because our Water business is really one of the most extraordinary business models with 95% recurring revenue; 99.9% customer retention; mid-40s operating margin; organic growth, we believe – I think Brian said in the high single-digit category. Our global Water team has delivered an exceptional first half, above our expectations, because they have really been quite entrepreneurial at pouncing on opportunities. But as Brian indicated, we believe some of those, while they're impressive on the growth, they're not – they are project-based or outbreak-based. They don't necessarily build long-term trends, but we think, high single-digit growth for the Water business is just a great outcome for such an extraordinary business model. And so we're just very, very pleased with where we are in that business, the unique value that brings and the worldwide opportunity for sustained organic growth in that business with its enduring recurring revenue profile.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, it is microbiology testing. We do microbiology technology in the reference lab. It's one of the technologies that's used in the reference lab, but also gives us scale in important markets like China and other markets in Asia and South America. We have country teams that cover all of the businesses. So it is a diagnostic technology. It's a recurring revenue technology. Everybody understands the business model and how similar to the Companion Animal recurring revenue business model. So given its diagnostics, given its microbiology, I think it's a nice fit with our business.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you, everybody. A couple of comments in closing. First, I want to thank everybody on the call, but I want to also thank our employees who are on the call who make IDEXX such a great company. And also I'd like to remind investors that our annual investor meeting will be broadcast live on the afternoon of August 17 and the morning of August 18, and I invite all investors to join this meeting via our live webcast. And, of course, it will also be available for replay after the event on our website. And so with that, we will conclude the call. Thank you all very much.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, we tried to give indications on that, Erin, so last year we were 19.7% in Q3, taking out the software impairment charge, and we think we'll be down about 100 basis points in Q3. The OpEx growth has been about 8% year on year, year to date. It will higher in the third quarter. It's largely a combination of select programmatic investments and just timing of some hires. And some of that just occurred later, and that added some favorability to the quarter. The second quarter was really more reflective of just exceptional top line growth and great flow-through, so I think we feel very good about the track that we're on. As I indicated, for the full year we're now projecting that we'll be about 19% for operating margins, which is up 100 basis points year on year on a constant currency basis. And, as Jon indicated, we feel very good about being on track to get operating margin leverage going forward in support of our 15% to 20% EPS growth goals, and we'll share more on that when we talk to everyone at Investor Day.
Brian P. McKeon: And Jon, I just add to Jon's comments, obviously, we disclose on the U.S. market, but the international markets, we saw very good underlying market growth trends in the quarter. That was one of the factors that was supporting the very strong European performance that we noted in strong lab growth.
Brian P. McKeon: You know, we'll talk more about that at Investor Day. I think 50 bps to 100 bps is a good range for us on an annual basis to be targeting kind of a combination of gross margin benefits as we grow and with sustaining a healthy level of investment while getting a level of leverage off of our cost structure or our operating expense structure. So I think the 50 to 100 basis points still makes sense. We've got a tremendous growth opportunity as a business and we're very focused on our core business. This is what we invest towards, right. We're not diversifying. We're ...
Brian P. McKeon: There aren't a lot of industries, I think, where you have this strong high single-digit organic growth and an opportunity as a company to grow even faster. So we want to balance the margin increments that we deliver, which we're committed to, with appropriately balancing that with investments for the long-term growth.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. We originally had estimates – goals this year for 1,000 placements. And I think Jon mentioned that we have a nice order pool in the second quarter that's sort of in line with your placement levels. And I think it's – our outlook incorporates that we think we can do 1,500 or more this year, so we built in some upside from that, and the timing is we'll see how it plays out over Q3 and Q4, but we think we are ahead of track of where we thought we might be and feel very good about the customer reception and this is a long-term build for us. We think there is a significant opportunity with SediVue in the North American market and globally and we'll be looking forward to sharing more of that.
Brian P. McKeon: So what I said was effectively – like you said last year was 19.7% adjusted and we'll be about 100 bps below that, so in the range of 18.7%; that was the estimate.
Brian P. McKeon: For the U.S. market, we were – for recurring CAG, which is obviously the critical driver. We saw about 2% net price benefit in the quarter which is – where we think we can – we were hoping to get back to. We had moved a bit below that with some of the changes that had gone on and some of the impacts, and we think that's a good range to target and sustain going forward, and we're getting to that point now again, supported by the great innovation we're bringing to the market and also by the capability with the U.S. commercial organization to be with customers and communicate the value that we're delivering. So we think we're in a good place.
Brian P. McKeon: That's a net number, so obviously, it's net of our list price changes, net of acquisition, customer acquisition impacts and things like that. We think that's a reasonable range to be in, and it'll be driven by how effective we are at communicating our value, and we think we're delivering a lot of value. But we think that range, as Jon said, is a reasonable ...
