Jay Mazelsky: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the call. Today, we are pleased to report strong Q1 results, despite late quarter impacts from the COVID-19 crisis. As we will discuss, the COVID-19 pandemic is impacting our care customers in unusual ways, given broad based social distancing efforts, which are changing the ways veterinarians are prioritizing and providing care. We are working through these near-term dynamics, ensuring that we are fully supporting these essential health services in a way that prioritizes our customers’ needs. We are doing this while we continue to advance our business strategy. Today, Brian will review our Q1 results and provide an update on current trends that we are seeing in our markets and our business. He will also describe the steps that were taken to mitigate near-term impacts and position ourselves for a strong and sustained recovery in the highly attractive pet health care market. I will then talk more about how we are seeing trends evolve in the market and how we are managing our business for the near-term and the long-term in this context. Now, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. I will cover some of the high level, high level thinking and philosophy behind us and then Brian may want to talk through some of the specifics in terms of how we were thinking about that. We have a great business. We have a great organization. We really approach shifts with the idea that we want to, that we are going to come out of this that we are going to come out of this strong with the market. The pet owners love their pets that they believe that taking their pets to that veterinarians and getting testing is the right thing to do. We know that the veterinarians believe that testing is good medicine and uncovers disease. And so we wanted to approach this in a way that allows us to maintain all of our strategic advantages. These are advantages that we have built up, not just a year or two, but over decades. If you take a look at the Reference Lab for example, 80 plus Reference Labs, common labs, information management systems, courier route, service levels that are exceptional including weekends. We don’t want to lose any of that capability. We don’t want to -- we want to be able to continue to execute our product roadmap, maintain high engagement in the organization, continue to deliver exceptional service levels, make sure that we have supply when customers need it. And most importantly, if you take a look at our customer facing organizations maintaining full staff levels and being able to continue to serve customers is even more importantly. So we did this in a way that we think it was prudent that maintains engagement that the organization understands and responded to positively and so that as we come out of this, all of these strategic advantages, organizational capability, and engagement remain intact. So, Brian do you want to address that.
Jay Mazelsky: Thanks for the question, Erin. Yeah. We have always said that our markets that have historically been very competitive. It’s no different now, even if it’s within the COVID-19 environment. They continue to be very competitive. We are very pleased with the way -- with the inroads that we continue to make in terms of, if you take a look at the competitive catalyst placements globally, we were up 17% premium installed base year-over-year, 15%. We continue to expand Reference Lab testing. The point-of-care solutions like VetLab have held up relatively well in the COVID-19 environment. Now part of that is due to the fact that they support more sick patient testing with real time results. If you take a look at the Reference Lab for example, before the COVID-19 impact, we were at a solid middle teens in the U.S. from a growth standpoint, high single-digits internationally. So we did see some drop-off in volume in line with the visits and prioritizing case management, as Brian described it. But we have also seen even now, with the drop-off and the beginnings of a recovery that customers have a new appreciation, a far deeper appreciation for what we are bringing in terms of service levels, lab network, density, courier, logistics, all of those things. And I think what they are seeing from some other participants in the marketplace is they don’t have that capability in that footprint to be able to provide that level of service.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So from -- in Q1, we continue to realize modest price realization of between 2% and 3%. Relative to future pricing dynamics, we are certainly not going to forecast that today. The thing that I would point out is that customers don’t just think about price per se. They look at price within the context of overall value from what they get. We are always pressure testing the economics within that value construct. In terms of actually the programs themselves, we do have volume. We do have volume-based commercial programs and in some cases we are making allowances for rebalancing obligations where programs, just I think reflect the reality that there is some reduced client traffic in testing volumes and what to be able to support our customers through that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. I will share with you, Jon, a couple of things we are hearing from veterinarians. Let me focus on and well this that because to your point, if the patient is sick and or needs a surgery, they have obviously still have the opportunity to do that. If you take at look at Q1, we had a record number of preventive care enrollments in the first quarter, 400. So, that puts the overall program at 4,200 to-date, as I indicated earlier. But the important thing about preventative care, just as a category, is pet owners see that as something that’s not discretionary, something that they truly prioritize for their pet. And more and more what practice owners in veterinarians are telling us is not only do they consider this is good medicine because it uncovers more and drives the care above. It’s important to their practice economics. It is important to client engagement. So I see it from both the medical necessity and practice health standpoint. So, they are chomping at the bit. That speaks to what Brian had indicated, where we are relatively optimistic around sort of this pent-up demand and more of a V-shaped recovery. It’s part of our -- it’s going to be part of our recovery strategy, Recover Together strategy to emphasize that. There’s still tons of work to do on sick patient testing in addition to preventative care. So we are relatively optimistic.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. I mean just that -- just a couple of observations. Yeah. The first couple of weeks, veterinary practices, they may struggle to adapt workflow. I mean, partly it was drop off in visits, but partly as you describe it, the extent -- they had to extend appointment blocks, and it was more challenging for them. That we worked with customers through our field service organization to be able to help them design new workflows in terms of curbside drop off and pick up, and remote check in and contactless payment processes. They have gotten much better at it, just like you would expect that over time you begin to optimize your processes. So, different states, different regions are in different stages of recovery and so initially it was only from the parking lot. I think over time, we will see that relaxation. Yeah, there is a point that I would make just tying together your two questions is that when you take a look at what’s happened within the practices, with the e-tailers and a lot of product sales, both food and medicines going online. The -- a lot of that business is not going to return at least at the same levels that they experienced before. That’s going to put even more focus on getting the patient into the practice, having checkups using diagnostics. So, again, we will see how this develops over time, but I think all the trends are positive.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. I mean, it’s really comes out with the fact that, even within this COVID-19 environment, we are still highly engaged with our customers. Our customer facing folks are our visiting customers 75% just take the U.S. for example is virtual, but 25% when requested were present and fully decked out and its safety care. So there is a high level of engagement. We are building pipeline. We are working with -- our customers in terms of developing strategies that as we recover they rebuild client traffic. We saw coming out of the great recession in 2009 that a lot of really good our clients or pet owners returned almost immediately. Where the veterinarian’s I think need it needed some help and assistance is for those relatively new clients to help build the muscle memory of semi-annual or annual visits. So we are looking at programs that we have for example our preventive care program is perfect for that. And even the sick patient visits are allowed are advised, there are still some things that people are likely pet owners and likely deferring. So we are looking at all of our programs to be able to support that. Just one word on the IDEXX 360, because it’s really tailor-made for this type of environment. Yeah, if you think about IDEXX 360 you are able to get capital purchases with zero money down. So if you are veterinary practice if you are in this constrained environment from an economic standpoint, you can still purchase instruments and you pay on a monthly basis and you are able to match invoicing to the customer with testing volumes. So in some ways it’s really tailor-made to test for this type of environment. So we are looking at all of those things in terms of how to support customers.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So we have developed and validated a human real-time PCR test for COVID-19 and really to your question, we leveraged the capability we have in OPTI, which is our human health business from a regulatory standpoint and channels, but also our experience in developing and manufacturing livestock infectious disease kits in our current business. So this is a test, it is a PCR test. It is highly effective in terms of sensitivity and specificity from a performance standpoint. Results -- you typically get results in well under four hours, so it’s fairly quick, and we have used, OPTI is used or is in a process of using the FDA’s Emergency Use Authorization process. We are waiting for approval, as well as we have applied for CE Mark in the European Union. And so we are advancing our ability to manufacture these in our Livestock, Poultry, and Dairy business, and really targeting for initial distribution existing IDEXX customers. So not necessarily using external channel, so these include things like livestock, laboratories, public health laboratory, state CDC labs, stuff entities like that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So let me -- I will answer that question in a couple of levels, because you had mentioned the recessionary environment and the resilience of the business, which is absolutely true. When you take a look at the great recession in 2009, we performed extremely well growing 5%, coming out of the trough of that and if you now, we say, 10 years later, we are even I think better positioned to be able to perform strongly in a V-shaped recovery. So you think about the business as a whole. we are extremely well diversified, geography across businesses like CAG, Water, livestock, poultry and dairy across different modalities and plus lots of shapes. So just a couple of things that I would emphasis, which includes our commercial organization with, if you take a look at a decade ago, we were represented primarily through distributors and now we have more direct representation and so we are not reliant on others. I think the fact that our portfolio is far broader and includes sick and some of the wellness pieces that you emphasized. And I think the role of diagnostics is far more appreciated and how important it is and really how it feeds into not only good medical care but practice health. In terms of the component of diagnostics over the recent couple of weeks and what that looks like. Not sure we have visibility to that data yet. That’s something that we will continue to look at on a weekly basis in terms of both lab accessions as well as the smart service, what the testing piece is, but still too early to comment specifically on that question.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Okay. I got it. Absolutely. The way we conduct visits today is when customers ask us to be present or that differs than a lot of other companies out there that have essentially 100% virtual visit policy. So if you take a look at April, for example, 25% of the visits of the field organization was actually physically visiting the practice. Now, if you break that down by states and regions, it did differ based on the how strict the social distancing procedures were in the practice. What we saw in places like Texas and the South relatively more visits, relatively higher visit levels in terms of clients and more testing. Impacted - higher impacted regions like the Northeast and the Great Lakes, for example, a bit lower. So, very much in line and proportional to what the local guidelines are per se per region.
Jay Mazelsky: I mean, I would just also again reemphasize the IDEXX 360 program is ideal in many respects for new customer acquisition and its environment. No cash outlays matching customer invoices with the use of consumables. And the other thing David is we are able to calibrate future commitment expectations for customers in terms of how we use this. So, I think, we all recognize that this is a unique environment and we can highly configure these type of volume commitment programs for that environment.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Let me -- yeah. There is a couple of questions in that. Let me just address the question around or the point you made around second catalyst placements at practices. These tend to go to higher volume customers. So it’s not like we are placing a second catalysts and it’s just sitting there. I mean, the reason they may want a second catalyst as they are growing their practice, growing client visits. It is a highly modular system. So this represents a real volume driven decision on the part of customers. We think from a recovery standpoint, as well as longer term trends. The diagnostics utilization will continue to be robust for sick patient, preventive care, menu offering our product roadmap and the different assays we are launching continue to drive, continue to drive usage, continue to drive utilization, though it’s somewhat lower now because of this environment. We think that all the dynamics and all sort of the value drivers are still intact. So we don’t expect through the recovery for that to change.
Jay Mazelsky: So here’s I would -- here’s how at least we think about it, Mike. Customers have always been concerned with the economics of the solution. I mean that hasn’t changed. Price is a component of it. The value that we deliver is the other component of it. And as I indicated, we are always testing to make sure that the value and economics line up. From a customer standpoint, what we work to do through our programs is to make sure that based on their environment and based on the circumstances, we provide the appropriate program that allows them to purchase what they think are the best tools and allow them to deliver the best medicine. From that standpoint, nothing has changed in terms of our solutions and what they perceive to be the best solutions for their needs. And as I indicated, we have programs that allow them to get that, get the products, get the service offerings they want and do it in a way that works for them, works from an economic standpoint and matches and aligns the invoices that they collect or charge to the client and what they have to in turn pay us. So we are confident that we can continue to meet their dates and do it in a way that’s economically sensitive to the environment.
Jay Mazelsky: And with that, I want to thank everybody for calling in. I know we have some employees who are also on the call and I’d like to express my gratitude for their extraordinary performance there in these unsettling times. We run the company in a way that both delivers the day and takes a long-term view designed to maintain and grow the strategic advantages of our business. I couldn’t be more proud of the IDEXX team and the purpose, which animates our work. And so with that, we will conclude the call. Thank you.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. I think, we -- as I mentioned in some of the, the commentary we provided early on in this, I think the stay at home policies and that were being implemented late March, very early April where we are seeing significant impacts and we didn’t have clarity on how that might evolve and thought it was prudent to get out in front of that. And as Jay highlighted, we had a goal of protecting employment and trying to find ways to mitigate what we were expecting in terms of some near-term impacts without damaging our underlying ability to advance our business strategy or serve customers. And I think the intent was to cease those cuts when it made sense, I think we are very encouraged by the recent trends. It’s improving significantly day by day. And so I think we will keep an eye on this, but I think that was, that was the intent, the changes were implemented at a time where I think the, the depth of the impact from the social distancing policies was more significant.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. I think, as you point out, Jon, it’s a little difficult to estimate at the moment. I think our feeling is that there will be a level of pent-up demand here for care that will come back as people are able to access vet clinics. It’s likely there is a level of kind of sick patient care that is just going to be lost in terms of the impacts at this time and it is just until we kind of work through this, and going to get back to what we think is going to be a rebound to a good place in terms of the industry’s health. It’s a little tough to project that out, which is why we are moving away from guidance at the moment. But I think the under -- we feel the underlying fundamentals of the industry are very sound. We think that working through the dynamics with our customers will only reinforce these advantages that we have as a business, and I think, we will be very well positioned to grow as we come out of this.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. I would highlight, I think the, as we are looking at this data day by day literally, it’s very encouraging to see how quickly it’s coming back. So, I think, it’s -- we think that’s reinforcing the willingness that we have seen for a long time of the pet owners spend on critical care and that for their what is now a member of the family, I think this was even more powerful than it was over 10 years ago when the last great recession. So early indications are we are very encouraged by and those areas we will continue to monitor.
Brian McKeon: Thanks, David. Just on your balance sheet question. I think we have some of the work out and we highlighted was in flight before the pandemic really started impacting the business. We were in the process of securing some of the terminal financing at low rates and we are able to execute that effectively in our revolver -- was up for renegotiation this year regardless. So I think we just advanced that and we are able to extend it and actually upsize it. And I think we, we were in an excellent position. We are in an even better position. And I think you raised a very good point. It enables us to continue to be highly supportive of our customers, and we are helping independent practices in the U.S. and Europe with some payment term dynamics in the near-term and trying to be as helpful as we can. As Jay mentioned, I think, our programs are very well suited to helping people through if they have near-term concerns about cash flow management to continue to advance their businesses and we will continue to be leaning in on that front and helping practices in ways that makes sense for us all to move back to normal over time together.
Brian McKeon: We don’t have benchmarks like that. I’m not sure snowstorm is the best analogy at the moment. This is -- it’s very dynamic region by region, but I think as a theme, we are very encouraged by how quickly we see demand coming back as policies are less restrictive and we are optimistic about how this will play out over time.
