Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. As Jon said, it's existing programs and more an evolution that we've seen relatively more growth than we were projecting earlier. And I tried to note that we also had some growth in international markets, we have rental programs in emerging markets which are doing quite well, and that also results in very good placements, great EVI, but you don't recognize the revenue upfront. So...
Brian P. McKeon: So the placements were good, but the mix and how that flows through instrument revenue was somewhat different than we anticipated, and we tried to flow that through for the full year and make an adjustment there.
Brian P. McKeon: It really is, we – when we went direct in the U.S., we actually stopped normalizing because we had relatively immaterial impacts from this, it's primarily Japan actually. And it just so happened that the year-over-year changes because it's not just this year, it's also what happened last year, was large enough that it kind of had an impact on the growth rate we wanted to highlight. So what we're really trying to note is that the underlying growth when you normalize for hurricanes and these changes in days if you look at the growth rate in the – as Jon mentioned in international, it's 14%, in the U.S....
Brian P. McKeon: ...13%, we feel very good about the underlying CAG recurring Diagnostics recurring growth, and wanted to make sure we noted that, so people understand those trends.
Brian P. McKeon: And we're getting 2% to 3% pricing, which is a demonstration of the unique value we're bringing, by the way, it's at constant currency, so none of that is FX related, the 75 basis point to 125 basis point expansion in operating margin would be in a constant currency.
Brian P. McKeon: In 2018 and that is all captured in what we reflected as a net immaterial change overall. To give you a sense of this, the things that we talked about, we talked about bundle programs deferred revenue, associated with upfront points and payments. Under the new accounting standard that actually is primarily recognized upfront. So, under the modified retroactive restatement though we're going to have to treat the past as if we were using the new statement in the past. So it – we're really going – it gets complicated because we have three different programs, major programs that all have kind of differing changes to them. The net of what comes out of the wash of all that is we don't necessarily see a net material change one way or the other.
Brian P. McKeon: So, that's captured in our 9% to 11% and what I did note is, over time in the future, the standard will lead to probably relatively more upfront revenue recognition, which is given the mix of programs that we have.
Brian P. McKeon: We're trending right now at about $50 million a quarter and we are – our outlook for next year anticipates continuing in that range. We think that's – we feel good about the value of the company and I think we – it supports continued deployment towards repurchases. We are at a somewhat moderated level from where we've been historically and that's reflected in that outlook.
Brian P. McKeon: As, Jon, I mentioned earlier I think the growth in CAG recurring Diagnostics revenues and the continued solid price realization we're getting there is supporting very good gross margin improvement and we're building that into the outlook next year. We're not changing our longer term view on the margin potential of business, it's just the preliminary view for next year.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, we're obviously going to be growing off of higher bases as we move forward, Jon. So, I think we'll continue to look at that, but we're comfortable with the longer-term guidance of 50 bps to 100 bps.
Brian P. McKeon: I think it's early for us to be projecting that. I think one thing I would note is obviously we've had some increase in our OpEx base as we staff up in the U.S. and advance some of the U.S. commercial organization and advance some of the IT initiatives, so that'll carry over into the early part of next year in terms of year-on-year growth. But I think we'll wait until we kind of complete our detailed budget processes before we get into that.
Brian P. McKeon: Going back to our Investor Day guidance though, for 2018, the margin improvement that we're signaling will be more gross margin driven. So we are going to have some carryover impacts from the investments.
Brian P. McKeon: It actually is the same underlying tax rate of 32% before our estimates for the share-based compensation activity. So I'm not sure how the external views were factoring that in, but that's effectively what it is, it's the 32% before the benefit of the $13 million to $16 million that we signaled.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, we saw relatively more cross CAG placements, which I think reflect actually the focus of the sales organization. It was relatively more than we had projected, but it's bundling of SediVues and lab deals with competitive Catalyst placements relative of single placements that may be associated with something like a rebate program. So, it was a relative change in mix that at the end of the day is very positive for the long-term growth of the company and the company's revenues and the recurring revenue base, but does have an effect just in terms of the current accounting that we don't recognize that upfront, and so that was...
Brian P. McKeon: It's too early for us to be getting down into the modality views. But, I think what we've signaled in the past that it's more about sustaining high levels of instrument placements and that the bigger driver of our growth is going to be growth in the recurring.
Brian P. McKeon: I'd say relative to our goals, we've been performing very well in terms of instrument placement. So just to reinforce, the premium analyzer growth was 6% in the quarter, it was up 13% when you adjust for the prior year backlog orders and we've grown our Catalyst base globally 21% year-on-year. So, we feel very good how we're doing on instrument placements. In terms of the mix and how that flows through our accounting. We've seen relatively more bundle placements that result in deferred instrument revenues and we're adjusting that in this year's number, and in total that's a $5 million revenue number for this year, which under new accounting going forward will be less of an impact.
Brian P. McKeon: Just don't want to lose sight of that supported the over 1,000 placements of international Catalysts in the quarter. So we're doing great on placing instruments and the mix is a little different, and we're trying to reflect that in the estimates.
Brian P. McKeon: We've seen nice uplift on the international average utilization as we're upgrading. So, it's been definitely supporting our outlook.
Brian P. McKeon: I do think the growth in cross CAG deals aligns with the connectivity that we are bringing to vet practices and the value that they see in having a full set of solutions from IDEXX. So, that's very much (01:06:27).
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. And in Q3 we had one country that started one of those programs that we've had in other markets to exceptional success. But it's a program that doesn't have upfront instrument revenue.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It primarily flows from the strong momentum we're having, growing the CAG recurring diagnostic revenues. So we're, as noted reinforced 12.5% to 13% organic growth rate this year and we're looking to sustain that into next year and we have some drivers like SDMA on a slide and Fecal Antigen that will help with that and growth in that part of our revenue stream has really nice gross margins...
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, I think, we had a very good quarter in SediVues. I think we gave guidance, we did 505. We gave guidance to over 2,000 for the year, I think we're well on track for that. We would – SediVue is going exceptionally well. We're going to launch the next version of the algorithmic software called Neural Network 3.0 in January, Erin. 2.0 really was an exceptional success that we launched in April of this year. But we're going to get the benefit of over 50 million images now. So, and one interesting thing about urine, it's really important to understand this, is that, if you don't take a picture of the urine when it's fresh, I'm talking about within the first half hour of coming out of the bladder, it changes. I mean, bacteria grows or disappears, crystals dissolve, I mean, you've got to – the algorithm has to be run on fresh urine and of course one of the benefits of SmartService is we have tens of millions of images. So Neural Network 3.0 is just going to take it to a whole new level. And of course every single SediVue customer will receive that through a SmartService update in January. So, I think we have a good momentum. On the utilization. We're seeing very, very small increases, but we're still really in the 3,000 to 4,500 and maybe a little bit of that, very small modest increase in that. And of course, our goal through things like the free UA day that we can do with the pay per run is to get customers to grow utilizations. It's kind of a shocker that urine is used so little in diagnostics when it provides so much value, but I think that's going to be a long-term trend.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And let me also answer your question, typically you either recognize the revenue upfront in one type of program or you basically recognize instrument revenue over a five-year to six-year period. There's no in between. It's not like you recognize it in the second year. It's either amortized or it's upfront.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think – no we didn't and we haven't given segment guidance in 2018. But we believe that the factors in LPD are transitory in the second half of 2017. I think that's still a solid – it remains a very solid business with a favorable return on invested capital. And so, we would not expect that to be a longer term factor.
Jonathan W. Ayers: What is not reflected is any change in our free cash flow. As Brian said, our free cash flow to net income for the guidance for 2017 is 95%.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. And I would also say, one of the things that we do between August and this point in time in the late fall, is we build together, we build our plans for – operating plans for 2018, as we built our plans for 2018, we really saw solid margin opportunity that gave us the confidence for next year of 75 basis points to 125 basis points of margin expansion. And it's going to be primarily gross margin. A lot of good things happening in the gross margin, 2% to 3% net prices is one of them, but favorables on labs and instrument consumables, but so, I mean, as we as we kind of rolled everything together, that gave us the confidence to tweak it up by 25 basis points for 2018.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. First of all, we're very excited. We're in the short strokes on the SDMA on the slide launch. We now have it out with Catalyst customers that are running the slide in practice and producing results and providing data in the care of patients. That's the last step in our development timeline, and just as we get to this level, we always want to make sure that we launch it right. So, we're very comfortable with the next few months timeframe for that. I think what I would say about the reference lab business is, we're – I think we're pleased with the growth international. I think we're exceptionally pleased with the success of the international had with instrument placements, which are very profitable business model for us and in turn we're very pleased with the continued growth in the U.S. and Canadian reference lab business, which is also demonstrating nice profit flow-through, allowing us to support our profit guidance for 2018 and 2019. So, I think these are, what we're seeing is growth in the profitable areas of the recurring revenue around the world, that's a little differential. But I mean, I don't think the reference to the growth in international reference lab, that Brian mentioned, is anything to sneeze at; obviously these are very good numbers. But I think it was a particularly good quarter for instrument placements internationally.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, I think these new products, like SDMA on a slide, it's going to be helpful on the margin, I actually think we're getting the benefit of SDMA on a slide now, because customers are anticipating it. So it's benefiting things like the retention rates, that I mentioned that are continuing to improve modestly, and the placement rate in anticipation. So the multiplier effect on the SDMA on a slide is pretty significant and is embedded, of course, in our expectations for overall recurring revenue growth. And then there's also a multiplier effect on SNAP Fecal, which we are very comfortable with a mid-2018 launch.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. I think that's a great question. We're very pleased with the expansion that we put in place and really had the bulk of the costs in Q3 already embedded in the P&L. And as I mentioned, now they're go through that one quarter of transition that's associated with territory changes and rep changes, which positions us very well, not only for Q4, for 2018. We're at 435 – that's field-based sales professionals, sales and support professionals. I think we're really in a great position – that is the largest and deepest sales organization in the companion animal market across all of companies, including pharma. And I think we're in a good place for that. I think 2018 will be an opportunity to leverage our investments both, of course, not only in people but also IT that supports that.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Just thank you for that observation, I'll let Brian answer on the accounting, which is complex, and of course will even change next year. But we're very pleased with the 19% growth in competitive and greenfield Catalyst placements that we had globally and the 14% overall growth in Catalyst placements.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. The primary purpose of instrument placements is to drive the very profitable recurring revenue up. That's not only instrument consumables, but of course can apply also to reference labs and rapid assay, all the components of the CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue. So instruments is a means towards an end, and that end is profitable recurring revenue, which, as you know, is close to three-quarters of the total company's revenue.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, no. I think one of the benefits of the ecosystem – the answer is the former; it will enhance and leverage the ecosystem that we already have. It allows us to do exceptional work in retrospective analysis, which advances medical insight, it allows our reps to be more productive. There is a lot of multiplier effect and it's been a focus of our R&D and other folks. And I think you saw some of that at the Analyst Day, when we talked about the number of clinical visits that has a chemistry panel is only 13%, which is pretty low. And by the way, it's higher for our customers than it is for the market as a whole, but still the opportunity to grow the standard of care by helping customers appreciate where they stand versus their peers, we think could be a long-term growth driver. That's just one of the many examples that the AI and Big Data. Another example is just the Neural Network 3.0 that we're going to launch in January I mentioned earlier, Mark, on SediVue, we continue to see advancements inside of our products.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And just a reminder on that question, because, David, I know, there's lot of moving parts on revenue recognition. We introduced a very successful new program in Japan actually, and it really helped accelerate very attractive economic value placements, but it moved from upfront revenue recognition of the historical way we placed programs, to in this 2017 revenue accounting world, to a deferred recognition. So, that was one of the factors, really something where we – that was new (01:00:25).
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. So, I'd say that's an excellent question. As we've talked about in the past, the typical utilization of a Catalyst placement outside the U.S. is going to be less than the utilization of a Catalyst placement inside the U.S. On the other hand, while we make a big deal about the new and competitive, when we upgrade VetTests outside the U.S., we usually see a larger bump than we would have historically seen in the U.S. We're not upgrading too many VetTests in the U.S. anymore because there aren't many left. But there are VetTest upgrade opportunities, most of the Catalyst placements that are not new competitive internationally are VetTest upgrades and they support the very strong recurring revenue growth that we've seen.
Jonathan W. Ayers: The thing I would say there, it really – there remains a very competitive market. It has been a competitive market, I expect it will be a competitive market, but I think one of the interesting things that we've seen in the U.S. market for IDEXX is, we're getting double-digit volume growth in same customers' volume. That is volume growth, that's being driven by things like the Fecal antigen test and by SDMA and that is, along with price and net new customer wins, but double-digit, over 10% growth in same-store volume is helping us with very favorable reference lab growth in the U.S. market. So I don't see really any change in the competitive environment.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I don't – I think we always look at what is the most favorable scenario where we can place instruments with very profitable economic value and sometimes it's an upfront placement where we recognize revenue, and sometimes it's another placement. And what's going to confuse everything is in 2018, the revenue standards change, as Brian took you through in the prepared comments. But we are always keeping an eye on the economics of these placements. And we believe that creates long-term shareholder value and we really aren't as concerned about the revenue recognition, that's accounting, it's important that we do that correctly, but what creates value is the net present value of the placement over a five year to seven year period of time
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I think what happens is sometimes practices respond to one type of – they're not particularly – I mean I don't think they took managerial accounting in vet school. And so, sometimes one type of program just appeals them more than another, it works for them, but it also works for us. The economic value of these programs isn't very different by one type or another and isn't different by those that that we recognize revenue on upfront and those that we recognize revenue for the instrument placement over time. It's just not different, but sometimes we'll see trends on how customers respond. And our job is to place instruments in customers in an economically attractive fashion.
Jonathan W. Ayers: That's an excellent point, Brian. We're not just talking about placements of instruments, of course we're growing the reference lab business. SDMA really merges the two. We had SDMA in the reference labs, now customers say, well I also run my chemistry in-house, I want SDMA on the in-house. So, really is – we call it one business the CAG diagnostics with different modalities, modes of delivering that value. And we're continuing to see growth in the percentage of customers who use both in-house and reference lab as – with the base being those who use one or the other or both, we're continuing to see growth in that cross-selling that we've talked about in past investor meetings. And yet we've still got – we're still below 50%. So we've got a lot of runway to go there.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Okay. With that, we will conclude the call. We appreciate everybody's attention and we look forward to reporting our year-end results in January.
Jonathan W. Ayers: With that, I'll conclude the call and huge thanks to all of our employees who have worked very hard to deliver these results and to deliver exceptional value for our customers. It's interesting, our customers actually grow faster than the market as a whole. And I think that's the result of the great work on innovation and commercial efforts that we have around the world. So with that we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
