Erin Wilson: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you speak to the competitive dynamics across the reference laboratory business? At this point, what sort of share gains do you think are attributable to SDMA? And could you break out maybe the growth rates across the U.S. reference laboratory business and international and how we should think about, I guess, that SDMA dynamic once it's offered in clinic? Thanks.
Erin Wilson: Great. Thanks. And a follow-up on fundamental demand trends. You mentioned strength in August and September being, I guess, a little bit stronger. What about quarter-to-date? And do you have, I guess, any view on the sustainability of the trends here? What is reflected in your 2017 guidance as it relates to fundamental demand? Thanks.
Erin Wilson: Can you speak to sort of the opportunity associated with that CRP launch that you mentioned that's going to launch in the first quarter? Are the contributions embedded in your long-term guidance or is this incremental? Thanks.
Erin Wilson: Okay, great. And then one last one. How are your relationships with corporate teams progressing? Any updates on your relationship with Banfield, NVA or other chains out there? Thanks.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. Let me just take the last part of that question first. We're very excited – there is a lot of excitement with our customers that we will be offering SDMA on a slide for our Catalyst platform in about a year's time. Many customers run their full chemistry panels in-house and are waiting for the opportunity to add SDMA to that panel. And so, we actually believe, as in many cases where testing begets more testing, that by offering it in-house, we're going to actually expand the awareness and the understanding of the clinic utility of SDMA. And, of course, there are many markets around the world where we don't have a ready reference lab option. And so, this will, of course, be value to our over 20,000 Catalyst customers on a global basis. The competitive environment in the U.S. is always intense. It remains intense. We operate in an environment with a very, very capable competitor. We're pleased with our double-digit U.S. gains in the reference lab. Some of that's coming from expanded utilization of our expanse of menu of tests with our existing customers. Some of it's coming from volume gains that are beyond that, and of course, we're getting some price realization.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. We really see it is a steady market. I mean, we saw a nice 5.8% growth in clinic – in practice revenue that's measured by 5,200 data points, so it's a pretty good number of observations there. I think that was a pretty good number for Q3. And so, I think it's steady as she goes. We really don't – your guess is as good as ours with regard to the general economy. But I think as we look at all the trends, we see a continuation of the fundamentals we've seen in this market for the past year or two, and that's what's embedded in our outlook for 2017.
Jonathan W. Ayers: About a third of our Companion Animal Group revenues, of course, come from outside the U.S. And when we saw nice, strong double-digit recurring revenue growth in Europe – I think a market most people would say isn't the most exciting in the world – not that strong or different than the U.S. market, but it really shows that I think we can grow this market through innovation. People are willing to spend money on their pets. That is an enduring trend. And it can happen in markets around the world, and Europe being the prime example.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. First of all, the market response to SediVue has been really quite impressive, combined with, I think, an extraordinarily capable commercial organization in North America. And I think we're hitting a – we're addressing a pain point of manual urinalysis or the issues associated with sending out samples and seeing the decay in the clinical value of urine as it passes over time and analyzed at the reference lab. So we're very pleased with the placements. What we're doing is we're giving you early indicators of what we believe to be the consumable growth per placement, and we are very excited about the long-term outlook for SediVue, given that we're selling SediVue into practices large, medium and small. And so, the $3,000 to $4,500 is within the range that we provided before we'd launched SediVue and didn't have any field experience. And we wanted just to provide a little bit more refinement on that now that we've got four, five months of – really actually only four to five months of experience in the field.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. I believe that SediVue was one of many contributors to the 9% growth in competitive Catalyst placements. But, of course, we have large number of IDEXX customers that want to adopt the newest technology, and so we want to serve them too. So, a portion, less than 50% – well, less than 50%, a portion of those SediVues are going to accounts that do not have our other in-house equipment, and sometimes they add. The other in-house equipment is part of the placements. Sometimes that equipment comes later, because, of course, once we place the SediVue into an account which doesn't have in-house equipment, they get the IDEXX VetLab Station -- comes with it, and they begin to see and appreciate that highly differentiated value of our integrated offering and things like VetConnect PLUS. It really opens the conversation to differentiators. So, clearly, SediVue along with innovations such as SDMA is giving us access to accounts that want to learn about this technology, an access that we didn't previously have when we were talking about our more traditional in-house chemistry and hematology.
Jonathan W. Ayers: ...a change in the accounting for taxes associated with the options, new guidance. We just want – given that we provide 2017 guidance at this point, we wanted to be very transparent as to what is the impact of this versus the fundamentals of the company. It's just consistent with the way we like to do business.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Our UK business is on fire. I can't believe how strong. We have an unbelievable team there, and we are not seeing anything. I mean, the only thing we're seeing, of course, is the currency translation effect. But in terms of the impact, what's interesting about this business is the economy might affect it, but our growth rates are so strong. We grew 5% organically in 2009, which was, of course, was a terrible year globally. And so, I think what's happening in the UK is a combination of all of our innovations with a very, very strong team is really coming together for us, from reference lab to in-house, the launch of SediVue at the London Vet Show. It's very exciting. I mean, it's a great team and they really are clicking on all cylinders. And so we don't really see any – I don't think we really – I don't know if we could even tell if there was an economic impact, but we certainly haven't seen any in our numbers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, Jon, I would also say that, reinforcing Brian's comments, we're very focused on things like gross margin improvement in our businesses, labs, and the VetLab business being the largest one, and some operating expense leverage, but we're also – the growth is a good thing. Organic growth is a good thing, and so we don't want to constrain investments that are going to generate enduring organic revenue growth. So, when you take it all together, that's our first step for 2017.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you for that question. They were in two primary areas. One is we have an elite group of professional service veterinarians. We have literally hired the best across the industry, and we are now at a full complement of 23. These are field-based professional service veterinarians that run dinner meetings, run CE, call on customers, talk about the benefit of things like SDMA and our clinical advantages, talk about the importance of adding urinalysis to the minimum database and supporting SediVue. And we now have a full complement of one per region, which reduces their size of geography and allows them to be highly productive. We think it's a really important part of the fact that we're bringing new clinical differentiation to the industry. The other area is an amazing group of field of support representatives. These are typically very highly capable, either lead technicians of very large practices or practice managers, and we have now moved to 89 of those in place and they are set-up to be one for every two VDC territory, so several per region. And this, of course, shrinks their territories and allows them to be more productive. These are essential in things like our two-way integration and the integration of SNAP Pro, the adoption of VetConnect PLUS, but of course, they are involved in instrument installations and lab on-boarding. They're not commissioned. They get great – rave reviews from our customers when they show up, because they provide a lot of value, and they're completely unique to the model of someone in our category of bringing value to the customer. So, those were really the two areas that we filled out to get to a set that matches our regions and our veterinary diagnostic territory managed coverage.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And then I might just finally add that, even with those investments, we've achieved nice leverage in our operating expense in Q3 in the U.S. CAG business.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, and I want to thank you for calling out our Water business. They had yet another great quarter. I think we have a very entrepreneurial team, very focused on our customers. They've done a great job this year. And we continue to see – there's a good market for our core products in Water in the U.S. and around the world. And so, just an awesome business with – it's 95% recurring revenue, 99%-plus, 99.5%; 99.9% customer loyalty and retention and mid-40s operating margin. That's a great business for us.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think there's two things that really are benefiting from the fact that customers are appreciating that IDEXX's offering and diagnostics is very unique. And it's unique because the innovations first and only innovations that we brought to the market that customers are adopting. So, we see an improved customer retention that I mentioned, and the flip side of the coin is we see it in modest price realization. We offer SDMA at no incremental charge as part of the standard reference lab panel. This allows us to get some modest price differentiation, because it's now highly differentiated offering and a major part of the reference lab offering. So, I think those two dynamics are two good things that are consequence of the adoption of the innovation by our customers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, I don't really want to talk about – we're not just ready to talk about details of the different parts of the P&L in 2017. I think it's pretty amazing actually we give 2017 guidance. I don't think too many companies actually do that. But what I will say with regard to international is it'll benefit from the SediVue launch. Most of the SediVue launches – two important countries, UK and Australia, are happening in Q4. Obviously, they'll really get rolling in 2017, but we'll be launching SediVue around the world over the course of 2017. So, that will be a nice contributing factor to international's performance.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And I'll also mention, as I mentioned earlier, that about a third of our Companion Animal Group revenues are outside the U.S. In terms of the SediVue opportunity, obviously, the big opportunity is the launch that we had in the U.S. or North America. And so the opportunity for SediVue is going to be smaller international, just as the entire market opportunity is small.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. Obviously, we're going to be – what I'll make as a general comment, the countries where we have more experience, more – where we're direct, that are larger, these are the markets that we'll roll out first. UK and Australia, obviously, are characteristic of that. They're also, of course, English language countries. And we'll be rolling – it rolls out over the course of 2017.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So, yeah. So, they are related. Okay? SediVue, we think the – the early data that we're showing is the $3,000 to $4,500 per analyzer placement. And on SDMA on a slide, we're still a year away from launch, and we will be charging, of course, for the slide. So, it will be a source of revenue. But we're still quite a ways from that. It won't be a meaningful contributor to 2017 revenue, given the launch will be in the fourth quarter of the year. But what I will tell you is it's bringing a tremendous amount of excitement to not only our existing Catalyst base, but to those customers who are considering upgrading to a Catalyst from their current analyzer, be it an IDEXX VetTest or competitive analyzer. And many of those customers are using IDEXX reference labs already and getting the benefit of SDMA. And then, to know that they could also use SDMA on their in-house lab if they upgraded to an IDEXX Catalyst is – and to know that that's going to happen in 2017, I think will be beneficial to our competitive Catalyst placements leading up to that launch date.
Jonathan W. Ayers: No. I don't think – I think we're – what we've talked about in terms of a great field force that we have today supplemented by the professional service veterinarians and the expansion that we've now completed was really an amazing group. The best of the best in the industry have decided to come to IDEXX, because we're by far the most innovative company in the U.S. market, regardless of what product lines. There's more to talk about with IDEXX, and that's what is exciting, is actually changing the course of veterinary medicine. And so, we're already, I think, well facilitated to launch the SDMA on a slide with the resources that we have in place today.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you. CRP is a really interesting test, but the test is well understood and appreciated in certain international markets. And, Erin, in the long term, we don't see any reason why it couldn't be appreciated in all markets, because after all dogs and cats are the same around the world in terms of inflammatory markets, but it's not as appreciated in the U.S. Our focus in the U.S. is going to be on the assays that we already have in the market, things like SDMA and fecal antigen. But we're going to be offering the slide. A point is there are certain international markets where CRP has already been adopted. And so, we're going to be launching it worldwide, but it is not going to be – we don't believe it to be a material at all, or a meaningful contributor to our recurring revenue. It will be an incremental value to the Catalyst in placements in these international markets that already see the value of CRP. And in the long term, we have the opportunity of expanding the appreciation of CRP in other markets including the U.S.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. I think we have – really we don't comment on individual customers, but we have outstanding relationships. It's interesting. The corporate accounts appreciate the value of our differentiators as much as the individual accounts on two dimensions. The first is these help them to grow their revenue. And second of all, their doctors are seeing the changing standard of cares that we're bringing to the industry and they want to make their doctors happy. And so, we have a great corporate account team, which, by the way, isn't even included in the 375. It's another group of very experienced IDEXX field professionals. And I think there's really no individual comment I would have. So I'd say, I think our corporate account team is executing very well. We are also doing that around the world. There are corporate accounts in markets around the world and we are attending to their needs.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you very much. We appreciate everybody's addition to the – coming on to the call. As I said, our company is executing on all key dimensions. And I just continue to be amazed by our employees' innovation and entrepreneurial spirit, and continue to believe that our unique IDEXX culture consists – that this entrepreneurial spirit is one of our most competitive advantages. So, I want to thank all of our employees for yet another great quarter and for the work that we're doing to expand the standard of care and support veterinarians in their quest to support the health and well-being of the pets and the families that love them around the world. So with that, we're going to conclude the call. Thank you very much.
Brian P. McKeon: And, Erin, we mentioned that the U.S. organic growth in labs was 12% and the international growth was 13%.
Brian P. McKeon: Erin, I think, year-to-date the – that same metric Jon referenced is up 6.6%. We saw market growth north of 6% in August and September. It was a little bit softer in July, but I think to Jon's point, we're seeing – we've seen continued solid trends, and that's what we're assuming next year.
Brian P. McKeon: And to your question on SDMA, as Jon noted, we saw a similar uplift in international markets to chemistry panel growth. Now that we've got the SDMA marker, we're kind of building traction and understanding within the market. So that we're seeing the same kind of supportive benefits to our lab growth. And as a reminder, we had projected over longer term, we think, that SDMA can add about 2% to our lab growth rate.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, that's right. This is – to make it a little simpler to understand, in our cash flow statement you'll see the tax benefits that flow from when employees exercise their stock-based compensation. And going forward, this change has no impact on cash flow, but now – it used to flow through equity, now it will flow through the P&L. There's a little bit of an offset, where in our diluted EPS calculation you would assume that cash flow will be used to repurchase shares, and that will no longer be the case going forward. So, that $0.01 per share benefit that we gave is the net of those two numbers. I would highlight this is going to – it's not easy to predict. It's going to vary quarter by quarter. We're putting out a reasonable estimate based on the activity by quarter we've seen the last couple of years. We'll, obviously, talk and be transparent about that each quarter, but it is something that's going to be a little more volatile in terms of the metric.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, those are great points. The 70 bps is basically right at the midpoint of the range that we've been highlighting, the 50 to 100 basis points. There's a little bit of foreign exchange headwind that's taken it down slightly. This is our preliminary guidance. I think we feel good about trends in the business and we do have positive drivers. As you've noted, we feel comfortable at this point with that outlook. I would highlight, Jon, that we've made significant progress this year reducing inventories, and there's a bit of an absorption headwind that goes along with that. It's a good news story from a cash flow and business management point of view. It's just there's some temporal impacts on the margin side. We'll peel all of this apart more at year-end. But, I think we're comfortable that we're on track with our long-term goals and can build on the strong operating margin improvements that we had this year.
Brian P. McKeon: And, Jon, to your question, I think we're heading towards a good place in terms of our staffing levels. There'll be some year-over-year carryover as we increase some of the levels this year. I would highlight that we do have some enabling investments going on. As we're expanding the team, we've got an investment in a CRM system that we're putting in place, HRS system. So, it's all within our outlook for margin improvement, but we do have some enabling investments that we're advancing in parallel.
Brian P. McKeon: We, obviously, will get more into the color by modality on the year-end call. We did highlight a few things today just as color. One was, we are anticipating continued strong CAG recurring diagnostic growth, which is the key driver of our business. As you noted, we'll be up against some tougher compares on instruments.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, the SediVue launch post-Q1. And we did note that LPD is trending relatively softer. We're seeing good growth in expansion regions and in emerging markets. But, I think the long awaited kind of slowdown in the disease eradication testing in Europe, we're seeing – quote – the numbers and there has been a lower level of health herd screening testing, which is into China primarily, and that is a small business, but a little more volatile relatively in the contrast of our overall. So, those were just the factors we're highlighting. But net-net, I think it's much more of a consistent growth story.
Brian P. McKeon: We feel very good about the trends internationally. We'll, obviously, be up against some very strong numbers on the Catalyst placements this year. So just on a reported, we're looking to sustain strong performance, but I think the growth rates, that'll obviously be something we'll factor into the outlook.
