Brian McKeon: Yes, no. I think that, I think, Ryan, is the key point as we’re really encouraged by the resilience of the markets globally. I think it reinforces there is sustaining long-term growth potential and underlying health from the business. We do anticipate there could be some bumps in front of us just in terms of the management of the pandemic. But we’re very focused on ensuring we continue to invest towards long-term market development, and that includes adding commercial resources that can support that. So we’re trying to be balanced on that front. I think we’re demonstrating that we can deliver good financial performance as we invest, and we’re intending to lean into the positive growth trends that we’ve been seeing, specifically since the second quarter.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I think what we’ve learned to date through the pandemic, Erin, is that we don’t see a caution for capital outlies as being something that’s indicated by the sales force as being a challenge or changing competitive dynamics, anything like that. In fact, our retention levels are at record high levels. They actually improved. And we feel very positive about the dialogues we’re having. I think, to Jay’s point, it’s more about access and just how busy the vets are. We would highlight that as you look at the case increases, the area that I think we anticipate relatively more impact is in things like instrument placements because that can be a prioritization of where vets are spending their time. The good news is the underlying demand in the market has consistently been so strong in this recovery that, that puts the industry in a good position what they can grow at a healthy rate. But we could see ongoing deferrals on this front if we’re working through, again, kind of lockdown or enhanced social distancing procedures that add to some of the restrictions we’ve seen. But good improvement, as Jay noted, from Q2 to Q3. Encouraging.
Brian McKeon: Yes, Mike, maybe just this context. I know you’ve seen the - just this context. The U.S. data, we do report on that. And that the visits were sustained kind of solidly into Q4 and the non-wellness is sustaining well so even with some of the moderation we would expect in the pent-up wellness demand that’s held up well. Jay can talk to this, but I would say in international markets you don’t have the same level of kind of wellness benefit, if you will, in terms of just how they provide care. And what we saw in markets in Europe and in Asia was very strong recovery, kind of some benefits from some pent-up demand and kind of gravitation more towards kind of pre-COVID type volume growth rates late in Q3. And so I think it’s early to look at how new lockdowns might impact the business.  Clearly that had been a factor back in March and April. I think the markets have learned to adapt here to continue to provide services. As mentioned earlier I think we would anticipate this could cause some constraints on areas like instrument placements, and you know there is always a chance selectively this could impact some underlying demand or prioritization of services, but I think it’s early for us to make any projections on that front.
Brian McKeon: Yes, at a high level we’re transitioning from a period early on where we tried to be really cautious on investments with a lot of unknowns in front of us with business growth. And like many companies, froze hiring and pulled back on compensation and tried to ensure we’re in a good place. And we are now going through a period where we have a higher level of confidence on the underlying market growth. We are getting ready for 2021 and thinking about how we’re going to manage our business going forward. And we’re starting to advance new hiring and positions that we had frozen, and things we wanted to move forward with. We’re adding staffing in our labs to try to keep up with 20%-plus volume growth. And I think this is more indicative of us having a higher level of confidence in the kind of the underlying market demand and how COVID may impact our business and ensuring we’re prepared for that going forward. We are doing catch up on areas, I can tell you in central compensation accruals and things like that, that we were quite conservative earlier in the year and we’re in a better place to support that now. And we reinstated salary reductions and reinstated 401(k) reductions and things like that. So there is some of that going on. But I think the bigger picture here is we’re looking at a market and our business that’s growing at very healthy rates, and we want to ensure that we’re investing towards that and supporting that and have confidence that we can do that well while delivering financial performance that’s aligned with our long-term goals.
Brian McKeon: No. I think that’s all the right kind of background. I think we - as Jay noted, we’ll be rolling this out gradually through the year or - so some of this will depend on how the exact timing of how that phases. And I think the Catalyst One launch is a reasonable benchmark. But we’ll provide more insight on that as we get closer to year-end call, we’ll give some more indications of how we’re feeling about that outlook.
Brian McKeon: Let me give you some metrics that maybe can help with this a little bit which is over the last five years, so if you break down the revenue per practice, Diagnostics revenue growth per practice growth that Jay referred in the call, it was about a 7.5% increase on average over the last five years. Roughly 3% of that was from visit growth. 0.5% contribution came from frequency, so that’s the percentage of visits that include Diagnostics. And about 4% of that, which we mentioned was growth in Diagnostics revenue per visit. So year-to-date what we’re seeing is 1% from clinical visit growth, a 3.5% contribution from frequency increases, and a 6% increase from revenue increases. And so we’re learning about this. But to answer your question, it is both volume, which would be the frequency dynamic and the revenue piece, and that is the central question. Kind of like what’s going on here? Is this sustainable? Do we see this expanding over time?  Clearly, the clinical visit dynamics we’re coming to understand. In terms of it’s healthy overall, and perhaps there’s some benefit from new patients that can sustain. But I think this underlying trend of diagnostic frequency and utilization which has been a long-term trend for us, expanding it, the question is are some of the things going on through the pandemic, some of the learnings, the changing how service is being delivered, could that set the stage for some accelerated growth? So early to predict it. We’re encouraged by it, and it’s certainly consistent with what we’ve been trying to do in the market. So it’s something that we look to build upon.
Jay Mazelsky: Keep in mind, that’s a trend that’s been going on for a while, the pivot to online sales, both pharmaceutical, probably more so on the specialty-diet front. If anything, COVID may have accelerated that. And we have seen veterinarians, even pre-COVID, talk about the fact that they are pivoting to focus more on delivering veterinary services. And to treat, you obviously have to diagnose, so we do think it’s an area of the practice that’s not tradable. It’s not going to migrate outside the practice just by its very nature. So we do see that as a positive trend that it had already existed. And it may accelerate over time, but not necessarily unique to the COVID environment.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. In terms of the telemedicine, as part of revised workflows that practice has adopted early on, so this goes back to sort of the April/May time frame with patient curbside drop off and pickup and restricted access. A lot of practices look to telemedicine solutions. It’s primarily more a software solution than something you would see on the human side with Teladoc. And our solutions integrate with the telemedicine offerings on the marketplace. And we have seen a lot of interest in it. Whether or not that sustains post-COVID remains to be seen. We think, ultimately, it’s a positive for our business, especially if it brings like more cats into the practice and initial diagnoses of cats that may require a physical visit to the practice. In terms of preventive care, as I mentioned in my remarks, we saw towards the tail end of the quarter more or less pre-COVID levels of enrollments. So we were 230 or so for the quarter which is slightly less than pre-COVID, but again there was movement towards the end of the quarter to more normal levels. And that’s to be expected. These type of programs require a fair amount of in-clinic access from both an on-boarding and repeated training standpoint across the entire staff. But there is tremendous interest in the programs that piggyback on the tremendous interest in wellness in general. I think tying together your question and Ryan’s question, it really does speak to the service orientation that we see amongst veterinarians, and obviously wellness and preventative care is a big piece of that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, I’ll provide a couple comments on that, and Brian may add some additional flavor. We did see a fairly dramatic recovery from Q2 levels. That capital equipment placement is both a function of clinic access – and that has remained somewhat restricted. We’re at 50% in the U.S., 60% overall in-person visits internationally – but it’s also a function, as Brian indicated in his remarks, of just the prefaces are busy. And if you think about placing an in-clinic suite that requires training and some workflow modifications, integration into their local network, they have to hit the pause button for some period of time in which to be able to do that. And when they’re working pretty much the full days without a lot of gaps in their schedules that can be challenging in itself. But we do expect continued recovery throughout the year. It’s really just a function of you know COVID-19 and the environment and its impact on practice access.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, let me just build on a couple of those points. Our international markets are more biased towards in-clinic testing as well as non-wellness or sick patient testing, which is less impacted by COVID-related social distancing policies. So to Brian’s point we believe we have seen a return to more or less pre-COVID levels internationally, but the mix and flavor is a little bit different than what we’ve seen in the U.S. And with the non-wellness testing, the percentage of diagnostics usage is also higher. It’s close to 80% or so from a split standpoint between non-wellness and wellness. So hopefully that gives you some flavor on potential impacts
Jay Mazelsky: We’re shooting for the same long-term goals, Jon. So it’s that 50 to 100 is – that’s, we think a very reasonable estimate. We think we can deliver that in this kind of business. Clearly, you adjust for certain things like the litigation accrual things that are one-time in nature that we try to highlight, right. But you know, we’re not providing specific guidance, but we have the same long-term goals. And as you know, when we’re executing well in our growth and we have high CAG Diagnostic recurring growth, it puts us in a good position to deliver against the goals and support investment of the business. So more to follow on that but same goals for the business.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I’ll give you just maybe some additional flavor on that. So just setting aside the pent-up demand piece because I think from a wellness standpoint I think a lot of that worked through in Q3. So the two or three maybe rather longer-term trends we’re tracking from a sustainability standpoint is the new clinical patient visits, and we think that that is something that obviously if there is a lot of new puppies and kittens to the marketplace that they’re going to need care, and that as they age. So that’s certainly a positive. And we want to more data and see how that develops over time. And then I spoke to use and intensity of diagnostics, and that’s tied up in this whole pivot to service, use in terms of more visits include diagnostics, and intensity when they use diagnostics it’s at a higher average dollar volume. And some of that is in our control in terms of our commercial approach and innovations and being able to provide to veterinarians the tools that allow them to cover it more. So that’s certainly something that we’ve invested in even pre-COVID, and I think we’re seeing the fruits of it. And it may be on top of an accelerated pivot to services that we see on the part of veterinarians. So certainly, those are positives for the business. I think we just need more time to see how they play out and at what level.
Jay Mazelsky: Big driver in Q3 was lab productivity when we had 20-plus percent kind of growth and controls on costs. And we’re not projecting sustained 24% kind of grow-through levels in the lab business. We’re encouraged by the trends. So that is – we think that we’ll continue to be able to get lab productivity, and we do need to add staffing. But that’s more of a moderator than it is something that’s a headwind if you will. So I think we do think we’re in a good position to continue to get positive gross margin gains when you have high CAG recurring growth, and we’re just highlighting that we’re adding some investments back in the business, and trying to position ourselves going forward. So it’s more of something that will moderate the gains. And just to reinforce, our goals are annually 50 to 100 bps of improvement, and we want to deliver good performance, but also ensure that we continue to invest towards long-term market development. And that’s what we’re working on as we’re heading into next year.
Jay Mazelsky: Well, yes, so let me try to address that on a couple different levels. The practice revenue growth has been obviously very strong over the year. We saw 10.5%, 11% most recently. So that’s – obviously, our Diagnostics growth has been faster than that, and we’ve always believed that Diagnostics enables and drives services within the practice. And your question as the longer-term sustainability feeds into the discussion that we have previously around the pivot to services, veterinarians interested and obviously meeting demand for new clinical patient visits as well as being able to focus on what they do best, which is caring for patients. But I think is a positive backdrop for all the reasons cited, and we’ll see how that plays out.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, so want to thank everybody for calling in. I know we have some employees who are also on the call, and I want to express my gratitude for their extraordinary performance during these obviously challenging times. We run the company in a way that takes a long-term view of the opportunities ahead of us while still delivering the day. And I couldn’t be more appreciative of the IDEXX team and the purpose which animates our work. And so with that, we’ll conclude the call. Thank you.
