Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, good morning Mike. This is Jay. Just a couple things, maybe at a higher level and I’ll turn it over to Brian talk about some of the specifics related to the model. Keep in mind the backdrop of the sector is very positive. It's just been an expanded pet population. I think the human health and pet pop has very, very strong.  Our execution drivers as a company the things that you know, we can directly influence have been very strong. We've seen that in instrument placements and in PIMS placements, net retention, pricing realization. So all those things I think are very good. We think there's been very good end-customer demand as we cited. There are some constraints related to practice capacity and some challenges there.  I think the good news on that front is the practices have hired their baby some yeah, some additional charts that they're working through, but they're investing heavily and in technology, we see that with the use of our lab equipment, both in-clinic, as well as reference labs. And obviously, the appetite for software and applications that help them with optimized workflow have continued to grow.  And then overall, our competitive position is very strong and we think as a result of our innovation pipeline, we will continue to be strong enough for some differentiated advantages. So, I think from an industry standpoint, it's a very positive story. I think we're well positioned to capitalize on those trends and the practices just continued to work through some of the constraints we cited. 
Jay Mazelsky: We're not going to be guiding obviously today, but I think we've got a number of positive factors that we see heading into next year in terms of our execution. The competitive position that I noted the innovation pipeline that we're looking forward to sharing more on as we move forward. And I think those are all things that we will be leaning on to continue to delivering solid growth and continue delivering strong financial performance, which I think we're demonstrating our ability to do this year. So we'll share more in that front as we get into next year.  We're focusing on the drivers that we have direct impact on and we feel very good about our execution on that front. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, couple additional about comments for - to cover. We always start with PIM customer demand and for what we've seen in the talking with our customers that this good end-market demand certainly pet owners continue to prioritize and against the whole other spending categories, they're bringing their bring their pets to the veterinarian and making sure that they get the care that they need.  The other piece that we've been spending time, looking at is just overall employment levels within the practice and we think that that has increased and that's in a good position. We don't necessarily have insights in terms of how many hours they may be working to put in terms of just availability of staff within practices we think that's been reasonably good shape.  We have done some qualitative surveying. There is some additional churn within practices if that goes from practice to practice, that is obviously something that will work its way through the system. Just picking up what Brian mentioned against not to not wellness or sick patient visits versus the wellness visits, if the diagnostics usage on the non-wellness side is higher, it's much higher at 70% or so I think we map that out as part of the Investor Day.  And so, that's, I think an important tailwind for the business. The other thing that I would point out is the, relative frequency and utilization of diagnostics continues to grow within the practice we've seen that in the US, we think that's a very positive trend. Obviously, veterinarians see the importance of core medical services and to be able to treat a patient they very often have done the first test.  So it's great to see that those trends have held up and continue to grow and we think that's a strong positive. 
Jay Mazelsky: I think we've been consistently demonstrating our ability to perform well in that front in despite some of the headwinds that we've seen this year. So I think our updated outlook for margins if you take out the, if you normalize for the customer credit that we've highlighted, as well as the lapping of R&D and foreign exchange, we're most recent guidance is to be 80 to 100 BPS above the prior year.  And that's despite some of the headwinds that we've seen this year. So, we've consistently demonstrated the ability to deliver to business model, which we have a number of favorable dynamics that support that we highlighted the strong growth in the software business as it is a positive driver force as we grow and I think we've got investments that we can leverage. And we've got new innovation coming to market.  So a number of factors that I think will help us and positions well to keep building on that's strong margin delivery trends. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Good morning, Erin. I am not going to talk about the new platform other than just to reiterate we are looking forward is just a couple months away from BMX and we can talk more about that. More generally speaking the way the new product development process works is, you develop prototypes, you put it in hands of customers, they provide feedback and it goes through an additive process, you get ready to go to marketplace.  So we're excited. We think it's a - we think it's a platform that will make will have the right clinical and business contribution, but really I can't go into additional details beyond that. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, so, a couple maybe high level points and I'll get more specific. Our strategic and innovation approach is really to bring an integrated solution set to the marketplace. So that's in clinic, as well as reference lab, and the connectivity and workflow optimization provided by our software suite, we think is highly differentiated.  It supports what the practices are trying to accomplish in terms of improved standards of care, optimizations of staff productivity, client communications, all of those important things and we continue to innovate through menu expansion and then more specifically, new platforms. And new platforms, it's an important component of our business model in terms of really being able to give our customers reference lab quality testing capability within the practice.  We place it, we tend to place these through marketing programs. IDEXX360 being the primary one customers are able to get that get that placement then you use reference labs or rapid assay or our Software-as-a-Service based PIMS systems, as part of our dollar volume commitment. So there's a significant multiplier impact when you come out with new innovations.  And we just continue to build it through what technology for life philosophy. So we have existing platforms on the marketplace. We will continue to innovate with new slides, for example in chemistry or lots and lots of other examples.  We call antigen within the reference labs. So that becomes more valuable clinically over time and customers use more of it as they grow, we grow. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Good morning, Chris. We think it's primarily capacity, it continues to be capacity. I think practices are definitely working through that. We've seen a number of things that practices have done. And the - it takes time. I mean they're making investments. So I think they're investing in their staff, as well as technology, they've hired.  They're also just trying to balance the work life balance of their teams, so that they don't lose folks and make sure that it could be stabilized. So I think that's important. We do think at the margin there could be some macro impacts than we've seen in wellness. And I would just also point out that the wellness pieces are relatively lower use intensity-wise of diagnostics.  70% of diagnostic, 70 plus percent of diagnostics are consumed through non-wellness or the sick patient visits. 
Jay Mazelsky: And keep in mind, the international sectors just a bit different in terms of its overall characteristics. It tends to be more of a sick patient roll out testing approach from a veterinary practice standpoint. So, obviously, that that's an area of richer diagnostics usage scenario, less sensitive to some of the discretionary spend that you may see in a difficult macro environment. So, as Brian said, we're happy with our progress and continues to improve we think that the team is executing extremely well, and the opportunity over time is very substantial. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, John, the other thing that I would add to that is, I think we shared some data through went up like Ericson presented on the evolution of menu and how that that impacts the overall economic value over time. And our technology for life approach where we come – we come out to the marketplace. We introduce product obviously. The installed base grows over time. But as we continue to add menu and improve that, more revenue, more economics are generated. And we've been able to demonstrate that through our platforms including the reference labs. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah, and keep in mind, the expanded pet population has been very, very substantial. So, we know that the end-customer demand is there. There is a lot of interest I think that to Brian’s point as we work through that capacity at the clinic level. There's unmet unserved demand out there. 
Jay Mazelsky: This is something that we've been we've been doing for a long time. I think we have a very successful formula in terms of how we how we expand the overall commercial ecosystem and footprint in North America. It tends to be a relatively short time to ramp. We have I think a - protective training approach and when we bring new folks into the system, they're well trained. And they really come up to speed within quarters.  Now they continue to become more productive over time, but this they get a lot of support through professional service vets and the field service representatives. The entire ecosystem is there to support them.  Okay. Thank you for your questions. We'll not conclude our Q&A portion of this morning's call. before we end today's call. I'd like to extend my thanks to the nearly 11,000 IDEXX colleagues for delivering another quarter of strong execution against our organic growth strategy. Our sector remains very dynamic and your steadfast commitment to providing a better future for animals, people and our planet has helped us maintain momentum and deliver strong results.  Not only have you delivered today in the third quarter, but your efforts position us well to continue to develop our sector and support our customers well into the future. Well, on behalf of the management team, thank you for your continued focus on enhancing the health and well-being, the pets, people and livestock. So now we'll conclude the call. Thank you. 
Brian McKeon: Yeah, Mike, just to reinforce Jay's points, I think our long-term 10% growth potential, the key drivers that that we look towards we see a lot of positive factors sustaining in terms of our competitive positioning, expansion of diagnostics frequency and utilization. The adoption of IDEXX technology is the long-term demand dynamics that we see associated with expanded population, and favorable demographics in terms of pet ownership.  So, all those factors are positive. I think the thing that we're working through is a combination of near-term capacity management challenges at the clinics. And I think that's something we're assisting with and, and believe we'll have solutions to help with that over time. But that is something that is has continued and I think is a factor impacting near term growth, as well as some of the near term macro impacts.  So I think, as we stated many times in the past, we're a business that's very resilient, but not immune to those types of impacts. And that's something that that I think is also impacting our near-term growth at the margin. But we don't see that either of those factors as being long-term constraints to the growth potential for the company.  And I think from a competitive positioning point of view, we're in a strong position as we've ever been in terms of our ability to support the continued expansion of the sector globally. 
Brian McKeon: Yeah. The performance in the quarter just to reinforce some of the metrics I shared, and then Jay can expand on this was our execution dimensions were very much in line with what we expected. The difference here was we are planning for flattening clinical visit trends and they were down 2% in the quarter. We did see some softening through the quarter and it was relatively more on the wellness side.  So I think that that was – that’s a smaller part of the overall testing volume. But that is something that we did see relative impacts, so that that was - it was the visit trend that was different than we had been planning for or hoping for. And the execution metrics held up well and that enabled us to deliver solid growth on a - in terms of the CAG recurring revenues. 
Brian McKeon: And Chris, just it's a, it's a great question. I think we've always said that the – in terms of macro where we might see it is on the wellness side where that may be more of a discretionary choice for the pet owner. Interestingly, well, the visits were down in wellness quarter frequency and utilization of diagnostics per wellness as it was up actually stronger than non-wellness.  So, for the pet owners that are able to come in and get their pets in, they're actually doing more diagnostics testing, but overall, we saw lower levels of wellness visits. So it doesn't had probably comingled into some of the dynamics that are going on with capacity management. And there may be a level of impact there.  We have seen that in international markets that we've been highlighting as we go. And so it's something that we're paying attention for. We're planning appropriately for it, but I think it's as Jay pointed out. I think - we think this is continues to be more of an impact from the ongoing ability of the practices to staff and be able to manage the demand that they're facing. 
Brian McKeon: We definitely saw more of an impact internationally on from macro pressures really starting at the end of 2021. And I would say that that has normalized over time and it’s now relatively more in line with the US trends. We've done quite well internationally. We're doing - benefiting from our premium instrument installed base expansions, so that really helps our growth rate.  And we highlighted this quarter, we've seen actually for a few quarters now relative improvement in the volume trends. So, I think the - it's more in line I think with what we're seeing and started some of the US pressures more recently. And it does seem to be normalizing and relatively improving. You can see that in some of the international metrics things like with our reference lab growth was improved in Q3.  So that's a positive trend and we're just being realistic about the macro backdrop that we're facing and planning appropriately. 
Brian McKeon: Yeah, John. It's principally a lapping dynamic. We - last year in Q3 had some relatively higher sales and bidding costs. Specifically, there's some discreet costs on both the sales and marketing and the R&D side that we’re lapping. And so, it - as I noted in our outlook, we're expecting a relatively higher level of OpEx growth in Q4. So it it's more related to this year-on-year specific factor dynamic. 
Brian McKeon: No, you have - there's typically some variation and cost quarter-to-quarter that that are unrelated to things like staffing. So we haven't scaled back on anything. 
Brian McKeon: So on set of you, if I got your question right, the the utilization per placement played out actually quite very much in line with what we expected. So I think we haven’t updated that for a bit, but I think that that was tracked consistently in line with our original estimate since sustained over time. So I think that that has been on track to our estimates.  And it's, it's pretty much sure for us to get into the specifics on the, on the new instrument launch. We'll look forward to sharing more on that next year. Just to reinforce, these, as you know, these types of platforms build over time really the biggest effects from them are that they open the door for conversation with veterinarians to talk about IDEXX technology and innovations and adopt them in their practice.  And so we're very excited about building on the momentum when we had from ProCyte One to continue those dialogues and deepen our relationships with our customers help them grow faster. And we'll share more on the specifics relating to new innovations as we get into next year. 
Brian McKeon: I think it the key change here relative to what we expected to happen in the quarter was, we're looking for flattening visit trends in the US, and they came in at minus 2%. So if you go fundamentally, it was different than what we expected, that's it. But I think our execution was strong and all those dimensions going to play the way that we had hoped. The clinic - US clinical visit trends were minus 1% in Q2 - excuse me, in Q2, and minus 2% in Q3 on a two year basis. They're pretty similar. I think it's a, we did see some relative softening through the quarter. Some relative relatively weaker wellness clinical visit trends, more at the margin I think the bigger, bigger story here was, we had hoped that we had worked through the pullback effects on capacity. And we see some normalization there and I think we're still working through some of the management dynamics. So that that is very much reflected in our or balance year outlook that we've calibrated for that appropriately while we're reinforcing our profit delivery. So I think we're able to manage that well and teams are executing very well. And then again excited about a number of the things that we've got going into next year relative to our positioning as a company and new innovation bringing a market. And look forward to continuing to solid growth in that context. 
