Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, thank you for the question, Ryan. The retention rates remain exceptional in the international reference lab business as a whole. So, we really don't say that was a factor. I think it's probably a roughly equal parts weather which impacted Continental Europe where we have a lot of reference lab business, of course, out of our German core lab network; and part, the executional focus, obviously, the 36% year-over-year growth in new and competitive Catalyst placements which drove over 20% growth in the instrument consumable revenue, very profitable revenue for us, was a good aspect of our international performance. And as we move forward and we're introducing the IDEXX 360 program which just really wraps in all of the modalities, this is something that the international organization has just started to adopt. And I think we'll build a competencies and merit area as we complete the commercial expansion through the end of the year and should bode well for 2019 CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue in the international market which we've targeted generally at the 12% to 16% range.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Also, I don't know if it's on an absolute basis, obviously, the dollar strengthened in the third quarter.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We have a very strong business in the U.S.; obviously, a very large part of the global IDEXX revenues. We're very effective in creating our own growth. I think in general, our diagnostic recurring revenue has grown 800 basis points higher than nominal personal consumption expenditures. And that's been expanding over the last many years, as we have gotten people to really appreciate the importance of blood work and care. One thing we talked about, Derik, as you recall in the Investor Day, was preventative care. It's really interesting. There's just a deep well there. We have about – a little over 2,000 customers who have adopted our Preventative Care Challenge program. These customers are growing their IDEXX diagnostics revenue at 16% on average. That's over 2,000 customers, and yet that's less than 10% of our total customers. So that's driving very strong same-store sales growth. And that's a result of the commercial investments we're making. And so it's these kinds of efforts which I think have allowed us to actually expand the differential between our recurring growth and nominal PCE in the U.S. And we're seeing – obviously the economy certainly didn't affect our 36% year-over-year growth in instrument placements across international markets. And you noted the diverse set of countries that I mentioned. And so we're pretty diversified there. So we're not going to say we're completely immune to the economy, but we're very confident. If you look back along the 15 years, we may have had a recession somewhere in the past, and yet we've delivered on our earnings guidance that we give in the following year, which I've mentioned is a relatively small number of companies actually provides 2019 guidance. And we've delivered every year, including in 2007, 2008, and 2009. Each year we gave guidance the October of the year before that year, and we've delivered within or above on constant currency adjusted earnings basis on those, which really shows on that guidance which really shows the enduring predictability of the business model.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So our international is on its way. It's going to build over Q3, Q4, and early into 2019, and so the international group are hard at work on that. And so I saw that the numbers are all factored into our guidance obviously. When you're growing at double-digit rates, even with the issues in the international reference lab growth in Q3 that were weather-related, we grew 12% internationally. So it really gives us confidence. The opportunity we see internationally, the 36% growth in new/competitive Catalyst placements as a result of the adoption of EVI, this really gives us confidence to continue to build on what are really some world-class country teams around the world.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And then with regard to the – in addition to those comments from Brian, with regard to the earnings, I do want to reinforce the point that Brian made in his prepared remarks that we're going to see a step-down in the tax rate benefit – predict a step-down in tax rate benefit from stock option compensation of 10% to 13%. And that may not have been – since we've talked about the benefits in 2018 all along, I've been very, very transparent about that. In 2019, we're going to have fewer options exercised. We have fewer options expiry, we had some pull forward into this year. So that's really a non – that's an accounting change. But when we look at comparable constant currency earnings growth, we get to the 15% to 18%, which is factored in our long-term guide.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And then just – we're always appreciative of your questions, Jon, and recognize the situation you're in. We are very committed to our long-term goals of 50 to 100 basis point operating margin expansion, which we're over-delivering – expect to over-deliver on in 2018 and expect to continue to deliver on in 2019 and over the long term.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I'll tell you we have – the answer is really no. The one comment you may have missed in the prepared comments is that we published peer-reviewed research, which shows a substantial superiority in our SNAP 4Dx, obviously, an important franchise in detecting tick-borne disease and heartworm. And as I commented, accuracy is the number one criterion for customers in purchasing decisions, after all, that's the whole point of running the test, it's to detect disease. And we're doing a great job with our close to 500 field-based professionals getting the word out on the differential. And we had a very strong rapid assay quarter in Q3, mostly U.S. business, over 80% in the face of a competitive product launch against the important 4Dx franchise. The year-over-year growth of 26% globally in new and competitive Catalyst placements walk and ride along. And so really we haven't skipped a beat here in Q3 from a competitive point of view. Our customer retention rates remain very strong and consistent, maybe even slightly improved in the U.S. and very, very high – even higher internationally. Our price realization continues in 2% to 3% range in the U.S. and good – similar type of price realization internationally. We believe that our opportunity here is to create our own growth. And when we can get over 2,000 practices see 16% same-store sales growth in their diagnostics when they start adopting preventative care, I know you did some studies on, that's really less than 10% of our total customers who work with us on preventative care. We get 16% overall diagnostic recurring revenue growth in these customers year-over-year in the last year when they adopted these programs. This is the opportunity that we have. And, of course, we're unique in being able to do that because our diagnostic line finds more underlying disease and finds it earlier. And so with all the additions of the SDMA, our differentiated hematology, fecal antigen, the quality 4Dx, it actually increases the medical justification and evidence-based medicine to run preventative care, blood work on pets of all ages. And that story is resonating and has a very, very long-term runway and is a unique opportunity for IDEXX to do. So, really no changes in the competitive environment to answer your question.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. No real changes in the U.S., a very strong performance continuing to edge every quarter a little bit higher, customer retention in the U.S. I think this is the continued adoption of unique value – the innovations that I had experienced, so the reference lab services, SDMA, molecular diagnostics, fecal antigen, VetConnect PLUS and, of course, 500 diagnostic subject matter experts that are calling on practices across the U.S. every day. And so customers value our professionals coming in and helping them on how to advance their standards. And so it's a very strong – the U.S. reference lab business is a very, very strong component of our overall diagnostic offering in the U.S. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, U.S. generates almost $7 out of every $10 of global reference lab business, so an important element of the equation.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, I don't want to say it's not competitive environment, it's always been a competitive environment. I just don't see any change in that competitive – we're competing with innovation and growth. And that's resonating with our customers. In addition, we have more and more of our customers who have elected to partner with IDEXX with our IDEXX 360 program, which is a very friendly way to add capital and combine with a multiyear commitment to IDEXX and so...
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. So, SediVue – many times when we placed SediVue with an IDEXX 360, we get the entire diagnostic revenue of that customer under a five, six-year agreement.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So, I think we feel very good with the instrument placement momentum in Europe. Certainly, Q3 was a strong quarter with a 36% year-over-year growth in new and competitive Catalyst placements outside the U.S., which of course was the EVI focus. And what we're going to be doing going into 2019 is starting to roll out the IDEXX 360 program internationally which really wraps in growing the reference lab business as well as the in-house business in a multiyear partnership along with instrument placements. We think this will help us continue with strong instrument placements and, of course, consumable growth and also help us build reference lab growth. So...
Jonathan W. Ayers: So with the corporatization or consolidation that's taking place in Northern Europe, we are in excellent shape with most of the consolidators except for one who happens to have a competitive reference lab. And so we think we're in very good shape, and many of these are very interested in our opportunity to help them grow same-store sales. Because what's happening is while, on one hand, they can grow through acquisitions, they'd also like to grow four-wall revenue, which has very nice drop-through, particularly with diagnostics. And they're appreciative of the fact that we can bring resources to bear at the current level through our commercial organizations and, of course, unique innovation to help drive growth. We also have a fabulous software offering. We have the leading cloud-based software in Europe, Animana. But the Smart Flow acquisition, which we're really excited about, we closed in early Q3, is a global platform. And we have a strong base of customers in Europe, U.S. and Australia. It's actually – and it adds value to really all customers with different practice information management systems because it's workflow software. And then when we integrate it with the PIMS, which we're already well on our way of doing with Neo, Cornerstone, and Animana, it brings even more unique value to these customers. And so this is something I think will help us both in Europe and the U.S. with these corporate customers that are looking for a partner who can bring a sophisticated enterprise software approach. And there really isn't anyone else with the competencies and product ecosystem, software ecosystem, including cloud-based software ecosystem that can partner with our customers. And so I think this will benefit us on both the software side as well as the diagnostics side.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It factors all of our plans in place. And so generally speaking, if you look at IDEXX growth in any particular year, most product launches have not really been a major component. It's really the core growth, the adoption of products we've launched over the last five to seven years. And so we're not making any product launch announcements at this point in time, but it factors in all of our plans for 2019.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And U.S. is $7 out of every $10 of global reference lab volume, so an important contributor to the whole.
Jonathan W. Ayers: It's interesting. The weather thing, there are really two facts going on. One is obviously lower foot traffic, but the other thing is customers get concerned about sending samples to the lab when it's really hot out. They're worried they're going to get spoiled along the way. And so those are the two factors which can – and it was very clear that the six weeks or so in summer during that heat wave, that impacted our revenue. It wasn't the only slowdown, but it was...
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. Adjusted for the 1%, 11.5% to 12.5%. So we're really seeing the fundamentals of the business continue in 2019 that we see year-to-date and through the balance of 2018 for total CAG Diagnostic recurring revenues which, as you know, is 75% of the total IDEXX revenues.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think just to review the history in 2018, we launched the Catalyst SDMA slide, and that has had great success. It's adopted by almost 50% of our global Catalyst base. We launched the SDMA T4 combo kit in the June-July timeframe. We launched the CRP slide, which has been a great success outside the U.S. The U.S. doesn't fully appreciate the value of CRP. They will in time. And we will continue to expand the menu. And we also expanded the menu on ProCyte with retic hemoglobin, another parameter. So, this is really a steady diet of menu expansion. We're not talking about any specific further expansions at this time. But they're in the pipeline, of course.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I just want to thank everybody and appreciate your attention during a very busy day. And also, I want to thank all the employees. We just continue to have a great performance in terms of bringing advanced care to veterinarians, pet owners and pets alike, it's what drives us, it's what our purpose is. And we look forward to finishing the year and again we are really proud to be able to provide 2019 guidance, which is something that not too many companies do. And we're even more proud that we've done this for the last 15 years. And then, we've – in terms of the earnings guidance and we've delivered against that earnings guidance within or above the range on an adjusted constant currency basis in the subsequent year that we provided guidance for. So, it really is a testament to the team and the predictability and enduring growth characteristics of this business, driven by a very high degree of recurring revenue. So, with that, we'll close the call. Thank you very much.
Brian P. McKeon: And, Ryan, just to Jon's point on some of the impact being weather, we've seen an improvement early in Q4 relative to some of the trends we saw in the summer. So, that's clearly was part of the dynamic. But I think the executional shift that they create, it's prudent in the near term for us to have that mid- to high-single-digit growth rate overall in Q4.
Brian P. McKeon: Sometimes we can have just the charges or reversal in charges that impact those areas. We're on track for the additions that we had talked about in the U.S. expansion. And I think that's reflected in the year-on-year growth, which was high single digit. And I think that's more indicative of how we're managing it there. There can always be some noise quarter to quarter.
Brian P. McKeon: So I think, Derik, the key place to start is our CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth outlook, the 11.5% to 12.5%. That's basically right on our 2018 trend. So if you take the current guide that we have that our full-year number is going to be about in line with our year-to-date growth rate of – it's 13.2% and adjust for the benefit growth rate – benefit we're getting from the revenue accounting standard change, which is a little bit above 1%, it's effectively approximately 12%. That's the midpoint for next year. So I think our guide on CAG Dx recurring revenues is right in line with trend. We did point out that I think our overall organic growth will be up against some tougher compares on just higher levels of instrument placements. We're looking to grow instruments and get benefit from the investments we're making. But we've had an exceptional year and we're going to have a tougher compare there. And I think LPD, we're appropriately cautious just given some of the end market dynamics. It's a business that's 90% international and more heavily weighted to emerging markets. And I think we're being appropriate in having a more cautious view on growth in that area. But I think the underlying core driver of our economics in our business, the CAG recurring is very much in line with trend and that's supportive of the strong operational – financial and operational outlook that we're sharing.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, I think that's a good way to look at it, Jon. I think we're expecting to have gross margin improvement driven by the things that we've been focused on, which is sustaining solid price gains and improving productivity in our operations, including global labs and those in growing areas like our consumable revenues, which have benefits for us and we expect to build on that. I think that the OpEx leverage, we do have another wave of investment here around the U.S. expansion as well as the international expansions that we've highlighted that we think are very high-return investments. These have been very successful for us as we've accelerated our growth in recent years and just reinforces the opportunity that we see to continue to invest in growing the market. And I think to your point that will create relatively more of a challenge earlier in the year in terms of compares than in later in the year. We'll share more color on that, obviously, as we finalize our plans and provide the full-year numbers for you on the Q4 call, but I think that's an appropriate way to look at it.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah, just to reinforce, it was some of the metrics we shared, Erin, we had 15% growth in Catalyst placements at new or competitive accounts. We had accelerated growth in consumable revenues, continued mid-teen growth in reference labs, solid continued volume growth in rapid assay, net price gains in the 2% to 3% range, the 13.5% overall. The U.S. is really continuing to execute well, record levels of retention, record levels of customers under contract that steadily increases. So, I think we're feeling great about the U.S. business and...
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much for that question. We publish peer-reviewed research on the superior accuracy of 4Dx and, of course, that's very important to customers. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks. But I do want to add a little bit more color on SNAP Pro. We had a very strong quarter for SNAP Pro placements, up 10% year-over-year in the U.S. And customers who've adopted SNAP Pro into their workflow are more loyal and grow their rapid assay test utilization faster than those that haven't. That's why we had a very solid, I think, rapid assay quarter in Q3. As of Q3, Erin, customers who are active and connected with SNAP Pro, meaning they're integrated with IDEXX and SmartService and everything and they're using SNAP Pro, they constitute 57% of our SNAP 4Dx revenues in the U.S. This is a growing percentage over time as we continue to place instruments. And thus, we're well on our way to turning the SNAP 4Dx Plus market into an instrument-based razor-razorblade business model. And, Erin, I think you know because SNAP Pro leverages IDEXX's unique integration of the instrument through IDEXX VetLab Station with the overall software of the practice, the practice information management system, you get big staff productivity and economic benefits from charge capture from this integration. Still totally unique to IDEXX after 10 years, and SNAP Pro builds upon our overall VetLab integration ecosystem, increasing the loyalty for not just rapid assay, but the overall diagnostic offerings. That strategy just continues to march along. And we're – I think that's – there're a lot of reasons why we had a solid rapid assay quarter in Q3 in the face of competitive launch accuracy and also the evolution of the customer base with SNAP Pro.
Brian P. McKeon: And, Dave, I think it's important to understand, EVI as a metric is very helpful for our sales teams in thinking about when they're placing or trying to place instruments, what type of placements drive the most value. It's not intended to be something that shifts attention from growing the customer relationship and that is reflected in how we approach compensation where we have – the majority of our compensation is oriented towards overall recurring growth. I think what – so I don't think the EVI metric should drive an issue in terms of reference lab growth. I think what we're acknowledging is that we've got a huge opportunity for instrument placements internationally in Catalyst and that's been our focus. And we've had somewhat of a shift from the sales execution towards that and that is something that we are anticipating we can – we move back in balance over time. And so don't see the near-term kind of dynamics as being something to be concerned about for the long term. But I think, just to be clear, EVI is I think not something that should negatively impact our growth in reference labs.
Brian P. McKeon: I think there is nothing to say that we can't get back to those levels. We're certainly growing better than that in the U.S. and have been, and I think we've got great...
Brian P. McKeon: So to your question, this is more of a near-term impact. We haven't gotten that granular heading into 2019, Mark, but I think there is an aspect of this that we've shifted some executional focus. So this will kind of...
Brian P. McKeon: And, Mark, I'd just reinforce, our 2019 guidance basically for overall CAG recurring growth is right in line with our year-to-date trends, adjusted for foreign exchange.
Brian P. McKeon: It's remained very solid, as you pointed out, in a similar range of growth. And of course, that's the overall growth in the vet clinics and we believe...
Brian P. McKeon: Our customers grow faster, diagnostics grow faster, and we influence that growth. So I think we feel good about the market trends, particularly in the U.S.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, just one broad question. I'm getting this across my overall coverage universe. There's a lot of concern about slowing in the consumer markets and macro concerns going on. Obviously, your 2019 guide doesn't seem to imply that you're worried about the market. But I guess could you just talk about the broader overall landscape on what you're seeing? And I guess what are you looking for in terms of economic indicators and stuff that get you worried? And I have a follow-up.
Derik de Bruin: Great, and then just one follow-up. If I heard you correctly, you said that your U.S. sales force expansion was done and that I'm just curious on the international push and how much more you're going to spend incrementally on the international sales force.
Derik de Bruin: And just one follow-up just because I've gotten hit by a couple of clients as I'm sitting here talking. It's just like this. I guess people feel like that the 2019 guide is a little bit conservative at this point in time. Obviously, you've got the stock-based compensation headwinds that are factored in. I guess what are some of the puts and takes on the guide for next year? And just walk through it, the estimates are below the consensus estimate. And so I'm just – I think people are looking for a little bit more color.
