Jonathan Ayers: Thank you, Bonnie. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As you can see from the press release, we reported a very strong quarter, driven by our Companion Animal businesses globally, with continuing double-digit recurring diagnostic revenue growth, and a particularly strong quarter in instrument placements, which bodes well for the future of recurring diagnostic revenues. Other segments of our business also did quite well in row, including our Livestock, Poultry and Dairy business and the Water business. Our strategy of investing in innovative products coupled with investments in our go-to-market organization worldwide is working. In that context, today we are announcing exciting plans to take another big step in our commercial capability by moving from a hybrid to an all-direct product distribution in the U.S. for our Companion Animal business in 2015. We have much to cover on the call today. So the overview of the structure of the call is as follows. Brian McKeon, our CFO, will start with a brief review of quarters results, I will then talk about the move to a fully direct strategy in the U.S. Brian will then review the financial benefits and one-time impacts associated with the change, and conclude with opening remarks with the review of our financial outlook in this context, and then we'll open the call to your questions. So with that info, I'll turn it over to Brian.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, I guess, Erin, we believe that we will be gaining a pretty significant strategic benefit. Of course, we have, as Brian noted, the distribution margin capture of $50 million, $55 million with $5 million to $8 million incremental profit drop through that comes on top of our baseline guidance. But more importantly, what I went through is a fairly significant expansion in our direct model. And the point is that we believe we're more effective in representing our diagnostics, when we can represent it all together. And we're more effective directly representing through distribution. Just to give you an example, with SNAP Pro placements in Q2, the vast majority of those placements were done by IDEXX. And you know, while we worked really hard with our distributors to help, they really just weren't much of a factor. We know how to talk directly with our customers, whether with our field sales force, with our phone sales force, we just think that they're doing it. So that's a pretty significant increase in field resources on our already proven and successful model. So we believe this really positions us well for long-term double-digit organic revenue growth in the companion animal market in North America.
Jonathan Ayers: And also the impact on the balance sheet is really de minimis, so impact on inventory and working capital, its de minimis. So that's really not a necessary element of the expansion.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, we don't expect any -- we expect steady as you go. And I believe that's what customers want. Customers want steady as you go. I think that's a customer-centric approach. They want to buy product when they need it and we expect to manage our distributor inventory accordingly.
Jonathan Ayers: So we have around 14,600 VetConnect PLUS activations. That has just continued to expand its presence in our customer base in the U.S., and of course internationally, too, because we're in several international markets, but I think the relevant question here is, is the U.S. -- and as I've mentioned, the retention that we have on kits instruments -- consumable and kits, its 97% to 99%. And I think that's in part as a result of how people are valuing VetConnect PLUS and not only the historical trending, but the mobile app is very successful. It really helps with real-time care when the results pop up on the vet or the tech's iPhone, when they're in the exam room. And so an expansion of our field service reps who have been very helpful to us in teaching customers how to use VetConnect PLUS in practice is going to help us to continue to really finish out the growth and the adoption of VetConnect PLUS in the marketplace.
Jonathan Ayers: That's up. That's the former. It's purely the margin capture on a pro forma basis for what we see to be the growth of our expected revenues in 2015 for kits and consumables. It doesn't reflect any additional.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. That the difference between the $50 million and $55 million and the $5 million to $8 million is, of course, the cost of physical distribution and the ramp-up of that rather significant and effective direct presence.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, a simple answer to that is both. We've seen that when we've gone direct. And we've gone direct in seven international markets in the last two years, when we have a direct presence which is more effective. And a lot of those international markets, it's not as much about share gain, it's about expanding the market. And we believe the same opportunities here in the U.S. As I mentioned in my upfront call and my upfront comments, we have a very, very good understanding of our customers' use to diagnostics in the context to their total practice revenues. And we know that there are a lot of things that customers want to do to grow their practices. And the key driver to growing their practices in diagnostics is, in fact, diagnostics historically grows 2% and 2.5% higher than overall practice revenues, but we believe we could actually accelerate that. And that's why we've got to have these veterinary diagnostic consultants and what I would consider a fairly intense presence. We're now at the scale in the U.S. to be able to have that kind of presence. Interesting fact here Ryan is that the other category leaders in the veterinary market are also direct. And so really all we're doing is we're taking a full category, in fact an industry leadership position, we believe this will actually be beneficial to the entire profession, because we will help practices, respond to the challenges and opportunities they have to increase the relevance of pet care with pet owners. We know pet owners want more pet care when they're well informed, and it's up to us to help veterinarians achieve that objective of informing pet owners. And through this direct, we're going to be far more effective in doing it, then with our hybrid approach of some direct and some distribution.
Jonathan Ayers: This was completely our initiative. And the answer to that question is, we saw the pretty dramatic effectiveness of the Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant sales model. We went into that model in the third quarter last year, and every quarter since then it's gotten better and better. And when we call on customers, their revenues go up with IDEXX, and their practice success goes up. And then as we looked at it, we simply, we felt we needed to be fully direct to really leverage the benefit of that change. The other thing that became more and more clear to us, we've been talking about this, but it's really happening in practice. It's not about a lab business or an instrument business or even rapid assay business. Now, we've launched SNAP Pro and we're turning the rapid assay business through a value-added step of the SNAP Pro into an installed base business model. All of these things coming together thorough VetConnect PLUS, it's very clear that it is the integrated diagnostic solution. So what we are finding was that, we were kind of wrapping ourselves around in a pretzel to be able to go part direct and part distribution, it was adding a lot of cost, it was adding a lot of complexity. And we felt that by now, we have the veterinary diagnostic channel, it just became clear that this was the right move to make. And that's not to say that we don't value the relationships we've had with our distributors over the many years that we worked with them, and we respect them and we value them. It just turns out, we believe, we're going to be a lot more effective by using that $50 million to $55 million or the good chunk of it. Some of it obviously drops to the bottomline by enhancing our direct capability. We know how to have a conversation with a customer about the diagnostic category that someone who is representing 1,000 different products is simply not able to do. They simply can't do it in the way that we can do it.
Jonathan Ayers: I would just say that internationally every country is unique. Within our Schein distributor, we had a distributor that we felt really wasn't representing us well in the Nordics. We went direct. We got not only the margin capture, but we've had accelerating organic revenue growth beyond the margin capture in the Nordic countries. A set of markets, we think is very appropriate for our diagnostic innovations. We've gone direct in South Africa, it's kind of a different situation, but we felt that was right. So every market is a little bit different, but I think we've been very successful I think at seven different markets in the last two years we've moved. And some markets were hybrids, some markets were fully distribution, some markets we've been direct. The continental European markets and the U.K., we've been direct in those markets for a long time. I'm talking decades. This is not new to us. We know how to do this. And so as we looked at that, we realized that in some markets, where we didn't have distributors that was as strong as we'd like, and they were more of emerging market situation, that moving direct helps us to grow. And I think that has been a contributor to what Brian has laid out is pretty strong first half international growth, over 30% increase in catalyst Dx placements. I mean we haven't even mentioned Catalyst One in the international market yet, and we're getting very, very strong growth in instrument replacements. I think that's because we're really developing and we're rolling out of our direct capability in some of these markets and improving our capability in those, where we're already direct.
Jonathan Ayers: I think that's right. We know our market in U.S. We know our reach and frequency today in the VDC model. We know our presence in these customers. We know our customers buying habits very well. I don't think there is anyone who understands, not only their own market, but the entire market through our data analytic capability and the numbers that we typically present with regard to visit and revenue growth. I mean there is no one who has that kind of data that we have. So we know the market very well. We've spent a fair amount of time in the last couple of months mapping this out. And quite frankly, Jon, what we did is we mapped it out. We said this is what we need, and then we said let's add 20%. Let's just totally nail it as an insurance policy. That's how we approached it.
Jonathan Ayers: I really don't want to speak for them. And they have been valued distributor partners, and they have been good partners. I think what we concluded was in the context of already being direct with a part of our diagnostic solution, and by the way a majority of U.S. revenues are already direct today with IDEXX, that the model of going through distribution was a model we needed to move from, because it lived its useful life. So I don't think this is a comment on our distributors and the great work that they do with other manufacturers. I think it's a situation that I can't comment on the rest of the market, but very specific to us. We feel this was the right change. And I just would leave it at that.
Jonathan Ayers: I'll tell you what, vet practices, when we do our surveys with vet practices, the number one thing they say, we'd like you to call on us more frequently. We'd like more support from you. We'd like to have maybe a professional service vet show up and tell us a little bit about the clinically efficacy of some of your specialized test. When we look at our specialized test, while they've grown very meaningfully, they're a small fraction. We believe the specialized tests penetration in the U.S., when we look at the number customers who are using versus the number of customers that should be using, whether it's our cardiac or molecular diagnostics, the list goes on, it's like 10% penetration. It should be 10 times of what it is. And customers want to do it, but they need people to help them in practice to educate them. So we're adding this cadre of a dozen professional service vets as part of this expansion. We're expanding obviously the whole infrastructure, to have more time in front of customers, and this is really responding. And what customers are saying, they're saying we'd like to see more of you, we don't see enough of you. We know you have really good technology. We're here in practice, it's a challenging situation. We need your help. And with this new VDC model now, we're able to call on existing significant customers that are already using all three of our modalities, what we call IDEXX Diagnostic Advantage Customers and are already doing well. But in fact, we can accelerate the same-store sales growth of those by them, adopting some of the additional specialized test and other innovations that we bring. But we need to call them in order to do that. And so this new model that we launched last year, the Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant model, and at that time the 60% increase in calls allow us to do it. And now we're going to do another 60%. So that's 60% growth on top of 60% growth. I don't know it gets around to 250% growth. We're going to be in front of customers now enough to really help them expand their appropriate use of diagnostic.
Jonathan Ayers: I think we will see the revenue growth, but just to your point on leverage and scale, we design this really to be the optimal VDC territory alignment for 2016, right. So as we grow whatever way, we're going to grow between 2015 and 2016. We would expect to see some operating leverage on the sale structure.
Jonathan Ayers: No. We're going to call on all the clinics. When we talk about reach and frequency, it's really talking about calling on everybody in the territory, as well as a very capable inbound and outbound call center. We know how to do this. And so I think the bottomline is we have a very differentiated products in what goes through distribution. Let's remind ourselves what goes through distribution today and will by the way through the end of the year of 2014. It is instrument consumables. So that's based on having bought the instrument. Obviously, in Q2 we're doing pretty good with continued instrument placements, right. And then, you've got the rapid assay test kits, which all by the way, is now becoming an instrument business model with SNAP Pro, but also very differentiated tests, really a unique and proprietary test portfolio. So this is not something -- a distributor rep, if I could speak for, they want to have a good relationship with the customer, that they're kind of more customer-focused than they are product-focused, I mean that's their role. So when things are really working, and I'm not going to go and try to upset the applecart for very tiny, what's going to end up being a very, very small product category for them, when they're covering that, when they got a thousand different products. So I think the strength of our product portfolio is really combined with all the differentiators that we've added, whether it's VetConnect PLUS or SNAP Pro or -- and the customer's high degree of satisfaction, very, very high customer satisfaction rates in our instruments and our rapid assay test kits, this stuff is working for them. And in many cases they can't replace it with a like-for-like product.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, one comment we'll also make along with that comment on margins is that the organic revenue growth guidance is 9% to 10%. So I think that's a nice goal. We've had a long-term goal to get to double-digit organic revenue growth. And it takes operating investment to make that happen. But I'll turn it to Brian.
Jonathan Ayers: So I want to highlight also one -- reinforce one point that Brian made. We're giving guidance for 2015 here in July. We'd hoped typically do it in October, but we have the confidence to do this time in July. We wanted to provide a baseline, so you'll understood the impacts of going direct. But the fact is how many companies are providing 2015 guidance right now. We have a very enduring, predictable recurring revenue consistently growing market that allows us to be able to do this with a confidence you need to in order to give these kind of guidance. So it's relatively early for us. It's fastly early for most companies, but we're in the position to be able to do, we thought it would be helpful to you as you analyze the changes that we're talking about today.
Jonathan Ayers: The organic growth in that, right. So also that's obviously that drawdown will be relatively concentrated to 3.5 weeks. So it's going to be relative to concentrated impact.
Jonathan Ayers: First of all, the number, it was a broad number. And we had to make at least one call in the half year. That's not enough to really have an impact on that, a big impact on the customer, but that was just the way that we measured it. It was obviously the vast majority of the volume, but we would more like to be calling on customers, our customers, on the average of once or twice a quarter. And of course, with customers that have opportunities, significant opportunities to grow more frequently than that. So there is really a spectrum all over the math of the call intensity, but I just wanted to give a -- I thought that was a pretty striking statistics. When we are in front of the customer they grow faster. And so I just wanted to give a ballpark on that with that number. And as I mentioned, even with our current sales model, which by the way is going to have 60% more calls in the model, we were able to get the vast majority of the customers in the first half of the year. And by the way those are direct calls. Those don't include our insight sales people calling on customers. So that group can also be very effective in highlighting the customer's new product opportunities and such. And of course, that group is going to be growing substantially as part of this expansion.
Jonathan Ayers: Just to clarify, we have two products. We the Catalyst Dx and we have the Catalyst One introductory offer, which we only offered in the U.S. And that introductory offer is an anticipation of the launch of Catalyst One, a lower cost, but fully functional analyzer, in October. So, obviously, very good growth internationally with the premium analyzer, the Catalyst Dx. But the vast majority of the revenues are very strong growth in the U.S. And let's say up 37%, Brian can correct me if I'm off by a couple of percent, in the U.S., and also very strong growth in hematology. Our Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant sales model did very, very well in the second quarter. I think it's a combination of the maturation of that model combined with Catalyst One. It's really resonating with customers. And let's recognize, we don't even have the analyzer yet and we're selling it. I mean this is amazing. We don't even have analyzer. We're giving them the Dx, as an interim, until they get the Catalyst One. So we see the opportunity for Catalyst One in the North America market as a pretty significant opportunity going forward. I suspect we will move to virtually all of our placements being Catalyst One. We'll have a small number of Catalyst Dx, but all of our placements Catalyst One. And in 2015, when we launch Catalyst One internationally and that's going to be -- I can tell you, our international teams, and we had them all in here a couple of weeks ago, they are so excited about Catalyst One. Imagine how well they could do with Catalyst One just based on what they're doing with Catalyst Dx right now and the analyzer is got 40% lower entry cost and yet all the capability. And then, we're going to be launching Catalyst One internationally like we have it in U.S. now mobily-enabled. In other words, in most markets we'll be able to sell the Catalyst One, it will be a low cost analyzer and they'll be getting the results on their smartphone. I mean this is very, very innovative and totally unique to IDEXX, and part of the package of going with IDEXX in-house equipment.
Jonathan Ayers: I'm going tell you what, this is an exciting industry. IDEXX is an exciting area. How many companies do you have, where you can actually call on really nice people, call veterinarians with a series of new product launches and an innovative product portfolio? We were very successful last year with the sales transformation, where we were hiring into the role that was brand new. We think this year this is going to be a relatively straightforward exercise to get very tenured reps into IDEXX. And they come from a variety or areas. Typically they come from outside animal health or occasionally they come from inside animal health. They come from serving a trauma physician or sometimes it's dental or sometimes human medical device. They come from a variety of areas, where they understand a solution orientation, they understand a consultative approach and they are familiar with medical technology. We've been very successful with that. So we really think we're just building on the track record here in our recruiting, and our recruiting expansion implied in what we've talked about today.
Jonathan Ayers: We've been analyzing our U.S. distribution structure for quite some time. It's something that I think you do as a good business person. And if you look at what a distributor rep does, they are not -- we are a solutions-oriented company. And a distributor has a product of thousands -- a basket of thousands of products, that all one-off products, it's very hard for them to represent any kind of detail in any of those products. And as our technology portfolio has evolved and as the reference lab pieces integrate, which is already direct, has integrated with the -- and by the way, we sell the instruments direct, so we're selling the instruments direct and then our distributors sell the consumables, right. So it's like we've been working with our distributors and trying to have them to assist us in selling instruments for a long time. What we found as we move to this new Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant, we are more and more just doing it on our own. And this is relatively unique to IDEXX, but we felt that this was the right direction to move. And I will mention there is very relatively little, with the investments that we have here, to acquire a business that's growing at 9% to 10%, $55 million, with a good margin, you know, what kind of multiple in today's environment would you put on that. You would probably put a pretty high multiple of sales on that. And yet the transition cost that we're putting here are de minimis. I mean if you think about this in the context of an acquisition, this is like the best deal you could ever have, because it's a fraction of the value of what we're acquiring. But we're not doing it for that doing, we're doing it for the strategic reason, we believe this is the right move to support the growth of the industry.
Jonathan Ayers: The NAD stands for National Advertising Division of the Better Business Bureau. We brought a challenge to the NAD with regard to the claims that were being made by VCA on their AccuPlex product, because we felt that confused -- there were confused comparisons. We appreciated that the NAD reviewed and recommended that VCA discontinue its claims that compare AccuPlex to our SNAP 4Dx product and that in particular its claims, and there were several claims that are to be discontinued. But one of them is a test to distinguish between early Lyme exposure infection between exposure and vaccination. We believe that VCA overstated the benefits of the test, as it compares with 4Dx. And I think that the bottomline is we take a very robust approach to product development, we involve inside people, we do involve outside people, we have a number of -- we do peer review studies. In fact, Ryan, I would point you to a recently published peer review article in The International Journal of Applied Research in Veterinary Medicine that compares 4Dx Plus to AccuPlex. And I think there were over 400 observations in the study. The study concluded that there were clinically significant differences between SNAP 4Dx Plus and AccuPlex. The 4Dx Plus has significantly better sensitivity and specificity with fewer false positives and a better test-to-test reproducibility. I think the bottomline is we put a tremendous amount of science to insure clinical efficacy. This is so important to the franchise. And we back that up. We don't ask customers just to believe us. We back that up with third-party peer reviewed study, including the one that we just mentioned here. We can send you the link, Ryan, if you want. But we're certainly pleased that the NAD ruled that VCA needed to change their advertising. And my understanding is that they're going to be doing that.
Jonathan Ayers: Thank you all for the call, for the interest in IDEXX again. It was a really strong quarter. We have seen accelerating growth across the company over the last several quarters. And then we were announcing, I think it's a very exciting clear next step in our strategy to bring, to increase the relevance of veterinary medicine to pet owners through the diagnostic category, which is such a central category. We have a very strong innovative portfolio. And bringing new effective resources, direct resources to the market that we're doing with this go-direct in 2015, we think we'll service well for a long-term growth, as we have detailed in this call, long-term growth, organic growth in revenues and an attractive profitability. Just come back to the point that I think one of you had asked about, do we see operating leverage in future years with this model on the direct piece? And very much we do. We talked about the 2015 to 2016, but we see operating leverage being achieved over time. But I think the key thing is what it will do to help us achieve our goal of sustained double-digit revenue or a long-term goal of sustained double-digit revenue growth. So with that, we really appreciate everybody else. And a huge thanks to all the IDEXX employees that help make the quarter. We have a lot of people working on a lot of different initiatives. We've been working for the last couple of months on this go-direct, and that was extra time that people spent. Obviously, the sales organizations around the world, our R&D organizations and the work that they're doing to bring, things like Catalyst One, the SNAP Pro to the market, it takes a village and really my huge thanks to all the employees who make this such a great company. So with that we're going to conclude the call.
Brian McKeon: I'd just add to Jon's comment about the strategic benefits that from a financial point of view, the benefits that we highlighted on an ongoing basis are an incremental recurring annuity benefit that will grow in scale over time. So I think the financial benefits beyond the strategic benefits are meaningful as well.
Brian McKeon: Correct. That's correct. And the way this is phasing is we'll obviously have, that will be ramping in 2014 before we get the revenue benefit. So we're highlighting that there is a incremental expense that wasn't in our outlook before, but as we get into 2015, that's embedded in the $50 million to $55 million and the $5 million to $8 million.
Brian McKeon: And Ryan, I'd highlight the $50 million to $55 million from a financial point of view, of course, is just the margin capture related to rapid assay kits and consumables, about 40% increase in feet on the street, 60% increase in call frequency, will benefit all of our revenues, not just those two modalities.
Brian McKeon: We mentioned that we grew globally 11% and that was basically all volumes. So I think from a volume point of view, we're doing quite well in terms of how we're growing our business relative to the market.
Brian McKeon: We would expect benefits from revenue growth, of course. And we do expect that we can scale the structure as we grow. We're making a meaningful upfront investment here to enhance our customer coverage, as Jon has talked about in detail. And we think we're going to have the right kind of infrastructure in place. So as we continue to grow and build off of this, we should be able to get additional scale benefits over time.
Brian McKeon: So we're obviously early. We wanted to provide a baseline for everyone to help them understand how these impacts would add to a baseline outlook for the company. I think that we are very much committed to driving strong profit growth and faster EPS growth on top of the strong revenue gains. I think in terms of the momentum that you're seeing in the business right now it's reflective of the growth investments that we're making. And our anticipation right now is we're in period of accelerating growth. We want to ensure that we're investing appropriately behind it. These are investments that yield annuity returns, very high returns for us, and we are anticipating, we're going to continue to invest against things like international, commercial capability, and infrastructure, and R&D and that all factors into our flat operating margin outlook.
Brian McKeon: The $50 million to $55 million is the pro forma increase that comes from the margin capture. In early 2015, there will be an offset to that of $30 million to $35 million, so approximately the net number would be approximately $20 million, right. And that is a one-time offset as the distributors are in the market and winding down their product sales. So as you go to 2016, the benefit would be $50 million to $55 million, plus the growth that we'd anticipate delivering in -- excuse me, in 2016, it will be the $50 million to $55 million-plus the growth that we would be driving in 2016.
Brian McKeon: We're running a bit over here. We'll leave time for a couple of questions, so just that the people can keep them focused.
Brian McKeon: I think the core -- and we've been working with distribution for a long time, Rob. Very simply, distributors do not move OEM share. Manufactures move their share. Distributors can move distributor share back and forth, who's going to serve that customer supplying them the thousand different products they buy through distribution. They don't move OEM share. This has been proven. In fact, I would say that the change that we've had in the last two years where we went to one non-exclusive distributor, proved the point here that distributors do not move OEM share. Even when we moved away from -- when we moved from three exclusive distributors to two exclusive and one non-exclusive, our revenues accelerated. I think that's prima-facie evidence that distributors don't move OEM share in diagnostic, the manufacturers do.
