Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, it's – obviously we're responding with selective pricing strategies – and it is also impacting the volume. So really what we saw in Q1 – and just a reminder – what we've calibrated for the year is a little bit greater than what we saw in Q1 is a combination of both of those.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, obviously some of our customers, larger customers, have adopted SNAP Pro. We generally have a better position with larger customers. Obviously, we're calling on the larger customers more frequently and of course, larger customers buy more diagnostic. So certainly the majority is, with the large customers, but of course there's a long tail of small-cap customers that makes up the minority of that revenue.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, I think if you go back to when we reconfigured our salesforce in 2013 and the third quarter was really the first quarter that we had that fully in place. That was, what I would call – and you can go back and look through your notes too – a good but not great quarter. The fourth quarter was a very good quarter. And then the first quarter of 2014 was an even better quarter. So, we're pleased with the base that we established with this new territory configuration and expanded sales reps in the first quarter of 2015, and we expect that every quarter, as their relationships with their calling patterns and the customers deepen, and of course our product offering continues to have new things to impress and talk about that – the productivity of that salesforce will increase like it did when we made that change in 2013.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. So first of all, the $50 million is just the U.S.; it doesn't include any international revenues, so just to clarify on that, on that one point. We saw good volume gains in 4Dx in the first quarter and so 4Dx remains highly differentiated. Obviously, it's got six tests. Its accuracy is unparalleled. Its convenience is unparalleled. Many of those customers are integrated with SNAP Pro. It's a little bit more concentrated customer set, a little bit more concentrated geographies. They're the ones that our reps call on. We'll be, of course, augmenting our capability there as we expand. One element of our field sales strategy which is really being put in place in second quarter, is our professional service veterinarians, the 12 regionally-based professional service veterinarians. And we've hired almost all of them now; they generally come from other animal health companies. So they know exactly what the job is – they just need to learn our part of veterinary medicine. And they're very effective in communicating the importance of vector-borne disease testing. So we – of course, we have competition across all of our products – but we think we're better positioned with a highly differentiated product line and a little bit more concentrated customer set.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And Jon, to answer your questions, I think the ones were on surprises in the quarter. I would call out two. First of all, our European organization really took the Catalyst One launch and delivered over 100% growth in Catalyst platform placements. Not all of them are Catalyst One's, but they have really demonstrated the potential of Catalyst One in our international markets and that's just an extraordinary performance. And of course, they had very strong growth in the hematology platform, too. And we have a very good set of direct sales organizations in Europe. We have it internationally; we haven't launched it fully internationally yet but that was very impressive performance. And their momentum, I might say, our instrument placement momentum in the second quarter, both internationally and the U.S., the order rates continue to be extending from the momentum we had out of Q1. So that was very, very impressive. The second thing is SDMA. We knew SDMA was going to be a really innovative test, but we have been surprised that what SDMA has done to allow us to gain access to veterinarians that would normally screen out sales reps. They want to hear about it. And the reason why they want to hear about SDMA is because every week, they suffer the pain of diagnosing too late a chronic kidney patient; and typically these only have months to live and there's not a lot they can do. There's short term things to do, but it's a very frustrating thing for a veterinarian to diagnose something too late. And SDMA gives them a lot more time to have a lot more opportunity to slow the progression of this irreversible disease. And they want to hear about it and it is well researched with a number of patients – dozens of papers and abstracts including one that just got launched – published yesterday. So well documented, they want to hear about it. Our reps are fully able to talk to them about it.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Right. As we – as I mentioned – it's really a tale of two parts of the rapid assay business. We saw good volume gains in the first quarter for our highly differentiated products including SNAP 4Dx and some of our specialized rapid assay, but we saw volume declines and some prices we responded in the first generation. The first generation products like the feline combo product and heartworm, they were launched in the early 1990s, so they have been around a while. So it's really a different behavior between the two – this is – the thing about rapid assay is you can – a customer can switch back and forth. Sometimes they try something and they realize it wasn't what they thought it was or wasn't what it was built to be or didn't have the accuracy. It's very painful to miss a positive, which is really important because we're diagnosing deadly infectious diseases here. And when they miss a positive – one positive that they miss because perhaps the platform they were using and the product they were using is not as accurate – can be very painful. So, we saw that's when our competitor in the reference lab business launched – reference lab competitor of 4Dx – people tried it but they came back. And many of them came back, so we expect to see a little bit of that kind of churn. But we think we have – we think we have the outlook calibrated.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. No, I think what – our plans that were already in place are underway. And as I mentioned, we are adding the professional service veterinarians. We always planned to add that in the second quarter; that's on track. Most of those are already hired and on board. And so that's an expansion that's already underway. But I think it's more that we're gaining both relationships and experience in the new model – as we have demonstrated – happens when we made the first change in 2013.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Well, we are not – that's a great question. Okay. So we're not in the treatment business, we're in the diagnostic business, but I will tell you that those who are in the treatment business are very interested in promoting SDMA because it expands their treatment options. I mean, obviously, if you can catch it in one case, 19 months earlier or six to 12 months earlier and slow the progression through whatever treatments that there are out there, that's good for their business. So that's kind of a positive tailwind in our business. From our perspective, it really drives our overall recurring revenues. Veterinarians appreciate highly that we are adding it at no incremental cost to the chemistry panel. What this will do, Kevin, is instantly change the standard of care in veterinary practice. And so, that's going to aid in customer retention, customer acquisition. It makes a stronger case to do preventative care testing, because if you can catch things earlier in a preventative care scenario that's – that pets live longer. And then also, we'll have a revenue stream from those who just want to send us their samples for SDMA only, as I mentioned into my comments.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I greatly appreciate that question. First of all, it doesn't cannibalize anything internally because what it is replacing is manual microscopy, right. So this is a are brand-new category. This isn't an incremental, a better, faster, cheaper version of something that we already offer. This is a totally new category, so it's all incremental to in-house. We have found that testing begets testing. When it's easier to do a urine sediment, you're going to do more of them. Most – we think that there are roughly a little bit more than half of urine sediments are run in-house – some are sent out to the reference lab. This could make the case to run it more in-house, but we've seen really time and again, when you run more testing, it generates more reflex testing at the reference lab. And this was the question that we got when we launched our very innovative – I remember we got this question a lot – when we launched LaserCyte over a decade ago. Is that going to take away from reference lab business? And you've seen, of course, the reference lab business grow and the market grow significantly over that period of time. So the nice thing is it's all – this is a whole new category of testing for us and reinforces really the value of having an integrated IDEXX suite of analyzers because they all work together with one patient. It's fully integrated into the software, and of course, instant results through VetConnect Plus.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, that is a U.S. number or North American number. That is not – the 59% – is not a global number. So it's a little harder to track globally. Obviously, when you had 66% growth in Catalyst placements internationally, it's coming from a lot of places. So obviously, international was a good number but I really wanted to focus on the North America. We believe there are over 10,000 accounts that have the opportunity for us to convert to a Catalyst One. Catalyst One is a very effective price point and it is – brings far more capability to the practice in terms of menu, in terms of time to resolve, in terms of ease of use, in terms of workflow, of course, integration with VetConnect PLUS. I mean, the list goes on. So – and at a very competitive price point – so we expect that number is, as I've mentioned, again North American number, we expect that number to stay strong and perhaps grow over time as our salesforce gains in their capacity and their relationships with all the customers in their territory.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, that's – and acquisitions net of Perfection (45:27). So, and of course, the consumable growth is what it's all about and that's growing, as Brian mentioned, higher than – at very attractively and higher at-market rate.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, well, no, there's no delay. This is – this was – it is totally – these smaller country operations are – they have – we have limited – we have, of course, direct capability, but they're limited, they've got a lot going on. So the Q2 and Q3 are really very consistent with our plans. No delay in launching, as I mentioned, the instrument is performing really fabulously and that of course makes it easier to launch in these smaller country operations. I might mention, for example, when we say Asia-Pacific, we're talking about Australia. I wouldn't call that an emerging market. That's a very attractive market for us; but of course we've got the Asian countries. The only market we're not going to be able to launch it in this year is Japan, because that has regulatory approval associated with it. We're also very excited about our presence in Latin America, but for Venezuela, which is basically gone off the map. We've got a great organization in Brazil and Mexico and some of the other South American countries. As you know, we acquired our distributor in Brazil and they've really gotten off to a great start. And so – this analyzer is just very, very well suited to the kinds of practices that are – smaller practices, these are typically international but also in the U.S. that didn't buy the Catalyst DX, it was too much analyzer for them, maybe a little bit higher price point. Catalyst One brings all capability of DX at a lower price point.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Again, my comments were focused on the first-generation of products. And I think it's just a calibration as we look at all the factors involved. The competitive products are out there. They were out there in the first quarter. That affect these first-generation of products. So I think it's just basic – we wanted to make sure that we calibrated it correctly – as best we could using our judgment.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. We haven't really given a guidance for 2016, but what I will mention is, we do have superior products and this is the first quarter within our new sales model. And so, we're really ramping up our relationships and in case of infectious disease, which of course the majority of rapid assays are infectious disease, our professional service veterinarians are important. And our marketing strategies to this broad base of customers, both not just field, but of course, phone-based (52:49) and other marketing strategies. So, we think we've correctly calibrated the reset here for the introduction of new competition. Obviously, what's really driving growth in IDEXX is the continued innovation across the diagnostic portfolio and we think that's – again these products, in many cases, were launched over 20 years ago – but we think it's really the innovations that are going to be driving our growth going forward. And we do – we're refining our strategies to keep the entire customer relationship in all the product lines and certainly when we're calling on customers – when we call on customers we do a very good job of talking about the level of differentiation. It's just that we can't always get to all customers with our direct field organization early on with the new competitive entrants.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So I want to thank everybody for being on the call. And I really also would take this time to congratulate the IDEXX organization. This was a major transformation that we undertook in 2015 with our U.S. direct strategy. Our international operations just had an extraordinary performance. I think it sets us up well for the year globally. And certainly our product and innovation teams, as I've mentioned, our innovation is in high gear with a variety of product launches that start from next week and extend over the course of the year – balanced toward the first part of this upcoming 12 months – and then the urinalysis analyzer – a whole new analyzer. So, we've got the field organizations to sell the product and our innovation is on track. So with those closing comments, I'll conclude the call and thank you, everybody.
Brian P. McKeon: Look, I think our profit performance reflected better than expected operating expense performance in the quarter which was largely just driven by timing of costs. We saw some pressure there but relatively less than we anticipated and that helped us to deliver solid results in the quarter. The unallocated segment includes things like capitalized variance benefits on product cost that we, for simplicity, kind of capture that centrally. And so that's a true benefit to the company; it's just where we reflect in in terms of our segment reporting. It is a lower product cost benefit that helps us support better margins.
Brian P. McKeon: A lot of that is just driven by the transition of the go-direct model and stepping up the – our internal receivables levels and inventory. We had projected before $15 million to $20 million increase this year in working capital related to that change and I think that's basically all you're seeing there. And our full year outlook is largely the same. We are growing very quickly in the lab business and doing more self-manufacturing and we have increased some investment in those areas and that was what was noted in the free cash flow outlook.
Brian P. McKeon: I'd just add, we get a lot of questions as you know, on the chemistry dynamics in the U.S., our Catalyst space expanded in the quarter and our consumable revenues continued to grow well ahead of market growth rates. So we're expanding our presence.
Brian P. McKeon: Sure. Yeah, no, we obviously haven't given any indications for 2016 at this point, but I do think it's important to note that we will not have the benefit of those gains next year. So that will be something that we'll need to lap and will be a headwind for us heading into next year, which is why we're trying to disclose it and be clear on that. As you know, hedges are effectively something that delay impacts; they don't eliminate things so the prior hedges we put in place kind of protect our profit this year, but as those roll off the net impact of the substantial strengthening of the dollar will be reflected in our operations.
Brian P. McKeon: No, that was a cumulative – it was to just kind of give you a ballpark understanding – but it was a cumulative over the first five years. Obviously, we're going to sell it beyond the five years; it has a consumable stream. We think that virtually every practice is a candidate to buy this analyzer because virtually every practice does a manual urine sediment review as part of the work-up. But it's a cumulative number.
Brian P. McKeon: No, I think, we're always fine tuning our pricing strategy. One of the things we have is a program called SNAP Up the Savings; that's worked for us historically. We are always fine tuning that. But I think the trends that we saw in Q1 with – where we had good volume – very, very good volume means that really – not in the 4Dx, not a lot of pricing gains. It was real – good volume would be the expectation that we have, generally speaking, for the balance of the year.
