Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, thank you for that. We’re actually beginning to look at that in some of the more advanced international markets. I think it’s an opportunity we have. And in addition, when we talk about the benefits of diagnostics in a preventive care scenario, it reinforces the importance of running diagnostics when it is not a wellness presentation. And so I think we’ll see it early days in international in 2019, very early days, kind of where we were at the U.S. several years ago. But preventive care really has come of age in 2018 and it’s a big component of our growth in 2019 in the U.S. and now more and more the Canadian market.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, so Millennials, which we generally define as the 15-year span from 37 to 22, are now in their, you know, taking care of their own pets. They’re also an important and growing part of the professional community of veterinarians and technicians, and all the evidence that we see is that the Millennials visit the vet more. They’re more in tune with their pets. And I think that one metric kind of calls it out that while maybe 20% of prior generations feel their pets have special health needs, 46% of Millennials think their pets have special health needs, which really I think is an indication of how Millennials are in touch with their pets. And so we see this as – and then the early evidence is even the generation beyond that, maybe taking it even a bit further, but this is obviously the largest component of the consumer category right now and I think will be a key long-term driver for the growing importance of pet health care.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, I want to start with the last part. What we’re doing is we’re growing the utilization and importance of diagnostic in all kinds of presentations. I think people are realizing that just by doing a physical exam and a history, you’re missing a lot of pieces to the equation without running diagnostics, and of course you’re missing other pieces of the equation if you’re not running IDEXX diagnostics. So even though we’ve seen some slight – some moderation in the pet visits over the course of the second half of 2018 in the U.S. market, which is really the only market that we have industry data, and as you note, I think the clinical visits are moderating less. But still, we’ve got 2% growth in clinical visits, so. Which is of course the only type of visit that is important to IDEXX. The nonclinical visit is not really a factor for IDEXX. We’re seeing good demand growth. And so our expectation in 2019 is consistent with really what we saw in 2018.
Jonathan Ayers: I think we’re factoring in the recent trends, and our outlook is very much in line with the adjusted growth that we’re driving coming out of the back half.
Jonathan Ayers: I like to look at the results as a whole, and what we’ve done is we’ve prioritized the Catalyst placements to new and competitive accounts, which is a little bit harder sale than a Catalyst placement to an existing IDEXX chemistry customer using VetTest. And while we’ve largely upgraded the VetTest volume in the international market, there are some -- I think it’s 10% of our chemistry consumable volume in the international market because with VetTest remaining to go. This is – the 29% year-over-year growth I think is really showing that the international is prioritizing the highest ROI work. And let’s recognize, once we place a Catalyst, the loyalty internationally on Catalyst is virtually 100%.  So these are going to be customers that are going to be using Catalyst for life, and this is very enduring recurring revenue let alone any growth we get in utilization from menu or utilization or adoption of additional protocols. We did see a nice – we saw a couple percent tick up in the international reference lab organic growth in Q4 over Q3 which really, I think, validates a part of what we saw in Q3 with weather. And part of it was some selective slowdown in markets as we prioritized those chemistry placements. To get to really where will the IDEXX 360 program and our overall focus on both Catalyst and reference lab, I would say that’s probably going to – we’ll probably see that in the second half of 2019 start to kick in. But the productivity of the sales force is already pretty high on the important instrument placement side of the equation.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, Mike, I think supportive of Brian’s comments and your comments, I think you’ve characterized it right. We’re pretty unique in providing revenue and profit guidance in October of the year before for the following year which really shows the enduring and predictable nature of it, and really just as we finalize our plans and outlook, we’re talking about some rounding considerations.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, I’m not going to talk about anything specific in the R&D pipeline that we haven’t already talked about, but I do want to reinforce that some of our R&D, a significant portion of our R&D is about our products’ expanding menu, advancing their capabilities. Not only do we have cloud-based software that’s continually advancing, whether it’s in our veterinary software and services, our digital imaging, or of course VetConnect PLUS, and R&D investments are going to that. So it’s no big product launch, but it’s a continual advancement in the capability that we’re giving the customers, which of course supports recurring revenue growth. Our instruments are almost – you could consider them as, you know, cloud-based software. They’re continually advancing behind the scenes for our customers, and this is the new model. Anyone who’s got something powered by software better be continually advancing it through the cloud. I know that’s what Tesla is doing on automobiles and that’s what we’ve been doing for quite some time with now seven new menu items on Catalyst in seven years and the advancement in our hematology offering that we talked about over time with four new parameters on ProCyte and the advancements of the Neural Network, the incremental capability we have in IDEXX VetLab Station. So there’s a steady diet of things that don’t necessarily get a lot of individual play, but they have a very meaningful impact on the sustainability of our growth. And we have very a good pipeline across the diagnostic and software categories. Our R&D group is very – it’s amazingly productive, combined with our knowledge of the business and our customer requirements and our ability to leverage and access and input third-party technology into our offering. So it’s a continued part, as I’ve said, with close to $150 million of cash R&D in diagnostics and software investment in 2019, we see this as a core part of IDEXX being the sole innovator in the industry.
Jonathan Ayers: I do want to take the opportunity to – big shout-out to our German lab and our German commercial organization lab, of course, more than just Germany, but they really had a great Q4 across the board. That’s a team we move to the veterinary diagnostic consulting model we have in the U.S. at the beginning of the year, and they’ve really executed well. Of course, that is the largest lab, where we’re building the new corn Westheim facility which you noted in the capital expansion. So I think we’re putting the money where the performance, is and so that’s the one market I’d really give kudos to.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, the list price of that test per test will be $34.99 in the U.S. market; obviously international markets, it’s a little – it’s going to be market-specific, so that is a very attractive list price, and. But it’s really very small, direct contributor. I think what it is, is two things that are relevant to investors. One is this continues to advance both the loyalty of Catalyst customers and it gives us the opportunity to place a Catalysts that have a requirement to serve responsible breeders. And second, it’s an indication that we’re not done adding menu to our in-house instruments. And this is one of the things about our instrument platform; it’s very flexible to menu addition because each life can be developed individually, and we have the capability to do that. Really puts us in a unique position in chemistry as well as hematology and urinalysis to continue to advance the installed base capability in what we call technology for life.
Jonathan Ayers: It’s always been a competitive market. I would say with regard to major markets, the U.S. is the most competitive market. And as you can see is our – our loyalty, even with VetTest customers outside the U.S. is in the high-90s, so it’s always been a competitive market. We don’t really see any changes that have come to play that have been a consequence of the change in ownership of Abaxis.
Jonathan Ayers: So 2019, we have a favorable day benefit in Q3, so and I think the other quarters are not material enough to highlight. Q4 we had a favorable day benefit, but we believe it was offset by the timing at the year-end of the Christmas and New Year's holiday, which really impacted kind of year-end, both Clinic activity but also our shipments, and so we didn’t call that out as a factor because we really think it was weird offsetting effects there, so that was not an adjustment to our Q4 results.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, I also want to call out David. The U.S. did a great job. They had a tough compare where they were really rocking and rolling in Q4 2017. Q4 2018 was the first quarter of the expansion. Well the most recent expansion, and in the context of the strong compare, and the first quarter expansion, they had a very strong results, as Brian laid out, and were up year-over-year, so but to your point on revenue, there can be a program mix impacts. As I think international placements are going to generate – are generally small practices, that’s a fair point, and so each placement generates a little bit less incremental recurring revenue than our U.S. placement, but having said that, I think we’re very, very pleased with the Instrument placements globally in Q4.
Jonathan Ayers: And we’re very pleased with the Catalyst SDMA adoption. We’ve now topped a million runs on Catalyst with SDMA. This adds to the close to total 20 million of SDMA results when we include the reference lab. In the U.S., we have 58% of our practices who have run Catalyst SDMA in the last quarter and 64% who have purchased it. These are really amazing adoption metrics and of course, SDMA is unique to the IDEXX solution, so globally, the metrics are very similar. It’s actually 58% adoption in the U.S. and 56% adoption meaning they’re actually running it.  Of course, we can uniquely measure that because we have smart service on our instruments which brings all sorts of benefits, including our ability to measure and about 64% of global install base has purchased the SDMA. So these are -- in the first year launch, these are amazing adoption metrics, and it really shows the progress we’ve made on providing education to the field of the importance of SDMA, as being highly correlated with GFR, meaning elevated SDMA, says something is going on and you need to look more closely, and you’re not going to see that with traditional parameters, so it’s a great story. We’re going to continue with our investments in SDMA education as part of our 2019 marketing plans, but I’m certainly pleased with the adoption rate and as we mentioned it also contributes to the organic instrument consumable revenue growth.
Jonathan Ayers: I want to thank everybody for calling in and I know we’ve got some employees and other constituents and again I want to express my gratitude for really a fantastic 2018. We run the company in a way that delivers the day and secures the future, and I think we had a great delivery in the year, as we’ve enumerated here on this call. And with the work that our employees do across the world, I think we also made significant progress in securing the future for IDEXX and our customers in the veterinary market, in the Water market, in the Livestock, Poultry and Dairy market and in the human blood gas market through our OPTI Medical systems. And so with that, we will conclude the call and get started on 2019. Thank you.
Brian McKeon: Let’s also recognize, you know, we’re seeing growth in the instrument consumables associated with our new tests, Catalyst SDMA on slide and the growing installed base of SediVue and the growing use of preventive care. So we have a number of growth drivers that make up the total Companion Animal diagnostic recurring revenue projected growth for 2019 of 11% to 12% on an organic basis.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, Mike. It really is kind of the rounding effects as we’re just finalizing our plans would be – we try to provide input for each of the segments in the call, so we said low-teens CAG, high-single-digit Water and relatively flat LPD, and it really is a refinement finalizing our plan. It’s not related to the accounting adjustment, and that kind of implies high-single-digit growth in areas like VSS and digital, and our instrument placement revenues, so it’s just wrapping up our plans very much in-line with our trends coming out of the end of the year, if you look at the CAG recurring growth adjusted for that 1.3% effect, it’s very consistent with that. We provided the extra decimal point. It’s been slightly above 1% through the year. We’ve just been rounding and we wanted you to have that exact number as we finished the year, but again that is a nonrecurring growth rate benefit. We should be through the accounting change adjustments and kind of fully normalized heading into 2019.
Brian McKeon: And I would say we had an outlook in Q4 for the international labs of mid-to-high single-digit. We’re a bit at the lower-end. We did see improvement, and some of that’s factored in as well so we think that we’ve got that well calibrated.
Brian McKeon: It’s a lot of moving parts. I would say, and then you have to throw in the calendarization, of December too, which with the holidays and where they fell. I think the .3% that’s total visits we’re getting a better understanding. I don’t think we’re ready to talk in detail about it yet but we’re getting a better understanding of what portion of those visits are clinical visits and what the clinical visit trends are. Are preliminary analysis is clinical visits are closer to 2% of growth in Q4 and so some of that deceleration maybe really just revenue going from out of the practice management system into other channels. Some channels are channels that benefit the veterinarian through like the direct sales from the veterinarian, but doesn’t go through the practice management software which is of course what we’re measuring. So but I think the overall trends, and certainly our companion animal diagnostic recurring revenue growth of 13.3% in the U.S. speaks for the fact solid state of the growth in our portion of the industry.
Brian McKeon: I think that’s a fair call, John. I think we’re not, I don’t think we have any meaningful targeted calendarization differences or things to note. You always have segment by segment, specific compares but as we work through the year, but I think that’s fair. And yes, on the operating margin, the full years 50 to 80 and we’re likely at the lower-end of that coming out of the blocks, and some of that’s just the lapping of the investments that we made on the commercial expansion. We’re still advancing some of the international aspects of that, and as Jon, noted we’ve got plans to increase our R&D spending this year as well, so that’s all factored in, but we’ll expect to build on that through the year. And I did note that we are targeting primarily improvement from gross margins this year, so that we expect that will be consistent too.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, it really is an operating expense story. We’ve been highlighting the additional commercial expansions which will be, as I noted, lapping heading into this year. And the cash R&D metrics that Jon highlighted would imply closer to 15% growth in R&D this year. So we’ve had very high return on our ongoing investment in the organic growth of the business, as highlighted by our 49% after-tax return on invested capital and…
Brian McKeon: We are very pleased with the growth and want to keep investing towards that. And look, if we deliver at the higher end of our revenue goals which we’ve had the last couple years, that can have some favorable flow-through benefits. But we’re very comfortable with the outlook that we’re providing at this point.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, so, Mark, that was specifically a reference to international reference labs. So we had consumable growth in international. The 20% growth overall was strong across all of our markets. It was really exceptional performance. If you look at the instrument placement growth and the resulting…
Brian McKeon: 20%-plus. We're very pleased with that progress this year. That was the key driver of the recurring revenue gains. As we’ve been highlighting the mid-single-digit growth in reference labs, what we saw in Q4 was a recovery from the summer in some of our key markets and we don’t like to highlight specific markets for competitive reasons, but we saw a recovery from some of the weather impacts that we had highlighted.  And we do continue to have relatively lower growth in some markets, and we think this is largely related to the fact that we really shifted the commercial focus on driving the high in-clinic gains this year and weren’t as focused, not by intent, but just outcome on the reference lab business. We’re working to get that back on track, and we expect it will be successful with that, and but it will take an annuity business, the growth rate is really a reflection of what’s happened the last four quarters. So we’ll hopefully be highlighting progress on that front.
Brian McKeon: I think we’ll see gradual improvement over the course of the 2019. I think we are coming back to our German organization which moved to Veterinary Diagnostic Consultant model where you have one account manager representing in-house and Reference Lab. They moved to that in the first quarter of 2019, and they had a very good fourth quarter across-the-board and I think that really shows what happens when we get with a little bit of time and territory and learning the new model. I mean, every market is a little different. Some of them were already there. Some of them are making changes to that model. Some of them are Distributor markets where that’s not really relevant, or markets where we don’t have a Reference Lab business, so there’s a lot of different models internationally, but I think that’s an indication of what we expect to see over the course of 2019.
Brian McKeon: It’s a great question, David. It was up 3%, some of that is the compared to very strong results last year, we really had an exceptional Q4 in 2017, and the other factor we did note was Instrument program mix impacts, and as you pointed out, very strong performance internationally can drive, that and the growth of programs like rental programs internationally, and 360 can have an effect too on the Instrument revenue recognition. They’re all great programs with a high-return, but can have a bit of a moderating affect on growth. So those were the primary drivers.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, I highlighted that 4% of the consumable growth, the organic consumable growth, in Q4 was a combination of SDMA on a slide and SediVue paper run. They’re pretty equal. I think we’re both contributing I think round about 2%.
