Jon Ayers: Ryan, it’s certainly a question of great interest to us all. To answer the first part of the question, I think the growth was a couple points less in the third month than it was in the first two months but I do caution that monthly data can be quite noisy because you’ve really got a very small amount of time that you’re measuring that year-over-year compare. It’s hard for us. We don’t really have direct visibility to the flea and tick piece and pull forward and such, so it’s just really hard to speculate. Certainly there was a very favorable weather compare in Q1 which we mentioned in April, and I think it’s not a secret to anyone that consumer confidence and general economic trends seemed to deteriorate a little bit over Q2 and that was consistent with I think what we saw in our markets, again subject to, with a caveat, a volatility in monthly data.
Jon Ayers: Yeah, thanks. Of course I’ll remind investors that our distributor contracts do go through the end of the year, and it is our anticipation in our discussion with our distributors, although anything can happen, that they would like us to honor those contracts through the end of the year. So any actual changes that would take place in that conflated scenario would be at the beginning of a new contract year of January, 2013. And so our guidance really incorporates all the different moving parts of the company and we would see that that transition is something that we can manage within our numbers.
Jon Ayers: Yeah, and in the meantime of course we will be starting that new significant lab during Q4 and we’ll get a little benefit from that as it starts up.
Jon Ayers: Well, we anticipate that the impact on the changes and the modest refinements in the composition of our marketing and sales and channel costs, where we have… Whenever we will have a difference in advocacy at the distributor level we will replace with direct costs – I don’t think the bottom line will be different or the trends will be different, although of course the composition might be a little bit different. So we really see as we mentioned in the April call, that any shifts will offset each other.
Jon Ayers: Well one of our anticipated elements of this is that the generalists would continue to carry our product lines, so I don’t really see… We would fully anticipate they would continue to carry the product line as generalists into 2013. And so I’m not sure that that would impact much of a change.Nicholas Jansen – Raymond James and Associates: Okay, and then back on the reference lab side of things, I know you guys have been successfully capturing share over the last three or four years relative to your largest peer. Are you starting to see maybe the easier share gains starting to subside and maybe that’s what’s contributing a little bit to the slower growth? Or is it just on the European side and you’re continuing to have success on the North American side? Thanks
Merilee Raines: David, as I mentioned, even though the overall companion animal group growth in Europe was constant at 5% in Q2 as with Q1, it did vary by product line, vary by country. It’s really hard for us to predict where that will go. I think implicit in our guidance is we’ve kind of presumed that what we’ve seen will just continue, and obviously we’re closely monitoring the situation. But you know, that was just a little bit tough to call.
Merilee Raines: I don’t think there’s really any change in the competitive environment. That’s always been pretty intense, as we’ve said, and I really do think that what we’ve found is that you know, our ability with our strong offerings and the fact that they’re increasingly becoming more integrated in the way that they work together, that there’s just a real opportunity for us to drive growth in all areas by selling these products and services together. And it’s just the way that accounting works that the expense of these programs is largely born by [less] but the benefit accrues across our companion animal group business.Erin Wilson – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Merilee Raines: Yes, that is the case, Ross. Really the change there is largely a result of these marketing programs, and again, just the way that the accounting works for those. The cost is borne primarily by the reference labs. I do want to just emphasize, though, that we are getting price realization. There is price growth in the lab business; it’s just that, as we talked about a year ago at this time, maybe a third of our growth was coming from price realizations. Now that price realization is a good 2.0 points to 2.5 points left on that. So there is still growth there.Ross Taylor – CL King & Associates: Okay, thanks very much.
Merilee Raines: Nick, I would just reiterate that the volume growth that we are seeing in North America is very consistent with what we saw last year. So I think that this really, as far as volume goes the primary contributor was Europe; and as I said, in equal parts though, a contributor is the impact of price.
Merilee Raines: Nick, it is really not a result of pricing. I mean look, year-over-year again there was price realization so that was not a drag. We did, there is however some mix impact just as you again, are looking year-to-year in the relative growth rates of the business. Some of our relatively lower gross margin businesses have been growing at a faster rate than the relatively higher businesses, and so that mix impact was really about a point of un-favorability year-on-year. So counterbalancing that is really a couple of different things: we had some favorable impact from currency and that is a function of the hedging gains that we have this year versus having hedging losses last year; and also the price realization that we’ve been getting in our rapid assay business. So there’s a few puts and takes going on there but that kind of all in all led things to be relatively on par year-over-year, but mix is the primary unfavorable impact.Nicholas Jansen – Raymond James and Associates: Alright, thanks very much, guys.
Jon Avery: Exactly. And in addition we continue to be excited about the reference lab opportunity and to make investments in the reference lab. I mentioned in my opening comments the allergy testing which I think is a major category. Dogs get really itches and skin rashes and it’s really a real problem, and we have really not been a large commercial lab that’s offered a comprehensive allergy testing and immunotherapy business. And so we’re excited about that. The other thing that I want to reiterate is VetConnect Plus and the ability to see the historical data on a patient, whether that data came from IDEXX reference labs or the in-house, it’s really exciting. And I think it’s adding a new dimension, a new level of excitement to our customers. You can see it by close to 500 practices have already started using, not only just signed up but they’re actively using this capability. They’re seeing just as you see, it’s a lot more interesting to look at several years of a company’s financial history than it is to look at a one-year snapshot. They’re really valuing it and it’s given a lot of energy to our sales force to continue to sell the IDEXX innovation into the market. So the nice thing is that we’ve got some nice new, we’re taking it to a new level in the reference lab as we are in the in-house side of our diagnostic offering.Nicholas Jansen – Raymond James and Associates: Thanks, and maybe if I can just squeeze in one more in terms of the companion group gross margin. It was down a little bit year-over-year, and is it more just on the reference labs not getting the price realization? I would have assumed that with the pretty strong consumable growth that we would have saw a little bit of leverage there. Thanks.
Jon Avery: In our conversations, I think the first preference of all three distributors was to be value-added. I think they built value on the IDEXX relationship over the long time period they’ve been associated with us and our level of innovation. And so but we are in discussion with all three of them with regard to that value-added role going forward versus what a generalist role would be going forward. We want to have a relationship with the generalist that is strong and we need to be able to compensate them at a level that will maintain the acceptable level of services that we receive from them; and our goal is to provide the best result for both our business and the business of our distributors while being attentive to the issues of the FTC’s concerns. And as I said we believe, while we can’t guarantee we believe that moving this would address the FTC’s concerns. And so we’re in discussions with distributors and flexible as to how we might get there, and in the context of two value-added and one generalist.[Del Hader – Salestel and Company]: Okay great, that’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Jon Avery: Not in the veterinary business, and I guess I would put this in the area of very, very immaterial: our OPTI Medical Systems sells in the human market but the majority of those revenues are, a good majority of those revenues are outside the US. To the extent they’re inside the US I think they are. I’m not entirely sure but I think they would be subject to that tax, but that’s a very, that’s well less than 1% of IDEXX’s revenues.Mitra Ramgopal – Sidoti & Company : Okay, thank you very much.
Jon Avery: Well, I would say, I can really only speak from our perspective. First and foremost, our strategy is providing great innovative products and services that help the practice deliver a higher standard of care, be more efficient, provide more client value. And that is the hallmark of IDEXX; it’s the hallmark of our strategy. Our sales and marketing, of which distribution is a piece but of course we have a very significant direct sales force in the US, is a way to bring those innovations to the market, but really it starts with the innovations and then we have some marketing and channel strategies to do so.  So we remain excited, and as you can see just in the last five-month period the level of additional innovations that we’re bringing to the market that build upon real-time care and the deeper insight of our highly differentiated reference labs, and the unique capabilities of our SNAP test kits – the vast majority of that is unique and proprietary capability; not to mention the information technology offerings which saw a really nice growth in Q2. We really think that that is the hallmark of IDEXX, and so these changes in our distribution strategy are a refinement to a piece of our go-to-market strategy in one, albeit an important, country – the US – that is the executional component of that innovation strategy. So I think when you start from that perspective you really see that this is a refinement as opposed to thinking that distribution is everything. It’s different in this market.Erin Wilson – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yep, that’s great. Thanks.
Jon Avery: Well, we can’t ever guarantee what the FTC might or might not do. And there’s always the risk of regulatory action – I mean that’s just the nature I think of the environment that we’re in, and that doesn’t really go away until we have a consent decree in place. But as we said in April, we’ve gone down this path of identifying a generalist distributor both because we felt it was an acceptable solution from a business perspective and because we believed it would satisfy the FTC’s concerns. Of course those beliefs came from our discussions with the FTC.  As you can imagine, we wouldn’t have undertaken this very public process if we didn’t have confidence in the prospects of avoiding litigation based on our discussions. And I just might note, David, that since April we’ve communicated regularly with the FTC regarding the status of the process and we know they’re also in regular communications with our distributors. And to our knowledge, the FTC is still putting their process on hold of proceeding to litigation as we pursue this solution.
Jon Avery: No, not anything in the context of the evolving nature of our distributor relationships.[Del Hader – Salestel and Company]: Okay, thank you very much.
Jon Avery: Alright, thank you. I’d like to thank everybody for attending the call. I want to congratulate also all the IDEXX employees that have been involved in bringing Q2 to conclusion and bringing these innovations to the market. We really have just really a lot of excitement at IDEXX on this, and so I do appreciate the investors’ interest in IDEXX and we look forward to continuing to update you as the year progresses to its conclusion. That completes the call, thank you.
