Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Mike. The Q3 was a record placement really across our premium instruments, hematology, chemistry SediVue. And we think in part what's driving that is less pent-up demand and more practices really investing in their practice. That's because they're busy. They're looking for technology that can support productivity. and, obviously, greater patient flow. With respect to ProCyte One, you recalled we launched in the U.S. in late Q1, and then internationally in late Q2. And we've see n very rapid uptake that the majority of the ProCyte One -- the vast majority of the ProCyte One either have gone into competitive accounts with Catalyst or to existing Catalyst accounts. So it's a real customer pleaser. I think it's delivered on all aspects of the brand and product promise, easy use performance, great cost profile. Keep in mind it's also part of our pay-per-run and auto replenishment model. So it's a -- we're excited about the opportunity, if you recall from Investor Day we identified almost 100,000 placement opportunities globally. 2/3 plus of that internationally, we're just in the early days of getting started on that. So very promising outlook for hematology with respect to SediVue, we continue to make excellent progress in SediVue, obviously into replacements where we're high 30% plus. It's all nice uptake in the U.S., a nice sequential progress internationally.
Jay Mazelsky: Just to build on that, Mike. All indications there that demand in the marketplace and the trends remain very strong in a -- clearly, the 1 year growth rate held up quite well. If you think back to Q3 in 2020, there's a lot of pent-up demand. There was increased pet patient visits. So really nice growth across tough compares the 2-year clinical visit trends as we've talked about it, 4.4% is clearly above pre -pandemic levels at 2% to 3%. And then if you take a look at how we've translated that in our own business, 60% in a globally CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue, U.S. and internationally. Those are 2-year figures. We've seen nice growth across all modalities, whether you look at the 1-year or 2-year. And I think our execution as a Company has been excellent. So the -- I think the growth momentum remains quite strong and as Brian indicated, we're really positioned to support faster growth by expanding capabilities commercially, innovation, really expanding the resiliency and capacity of our supply chain and manufacturing network.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning Nathan. Vet practices are clearly very busy. They -- there are a number of things that they've done, I think on a short-term basis, to be able to provide additional capacity of -- a lot of practices are working longer hours, they're hiring more staff and on a short-term basis, they can hire, let's say associate veterinary technicians and train them. The more trained higher-level skilled staff obviously takes a bit more time. A number of practices have been able to really improve mix of workflow improvements and adjust capacity just by adding things like exam rooms and things like that. From the standpoint of what we can do as a Company, there's another -- there's a number of really, I think, positive opportunities for us. Obviously, we provide technologies, analyzers, tools, software that practices can invest in that help them perform both at a higher medical or clinical level. But also more productively whether its communications or internally or with pet owners, or really improving staff productivity. I think evidence of that is to me, very significant step-up in instrument placements that we've seen and very fast-growth in software PIMS systems and ancillary systems that work with PIMS.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Chris. We -- we're up around 60% in the U.S, 50% outside of the U.S. And we think that can grow. The net will be higher as we work through the -- hopefully, what's the tail end of the pandemic. I think we've gotten very good at really segmenting what should be done or what is best on, in-person versus virtually. We've been able to -- I think pretty much do all what we need to do virtually. But there are some activities like whether you're introducing a product or visiting competitive accounts in building. And I think strengthening relationships are better done in person. So we think that over time that we'll get a increase. It's not going to go back to 100%, but it'll be something less than that. I think it will benefit our preventive care initiative, where we know practices are not only very busy, but I think repeated access is helpful in being able to sell and partner with customers. With that program, do we expect over time that right step-up to pre -pandemic levels.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Good morning. As I had previously indicated, practices are extremely busy and it has affected how we do our sales calls. Once upon time you could get a fair amount of time with the veterinarian and her staff workers -- her staff and I think we've -- we try to be very efficient. And what -- previously we may have had 40 minutes or 50 minutes, now we're able to accomplish in 20. So we've adjusted accordingly where have provided tools to our sales organization so that they're productive and they can get to the point. And we continue to provide a lot of training including CE Training virtually into the webinar to our customers, so that they can get the training they need when they have some free windows and moments. We try to be, obviously, respectful, but very efficient when we could call it practices. And because I think most practice and practice owners consider as highly relevant to their success. They, at large measure, provide time when we meet with them. And I think with good results.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. I think this is that the capital performance we've seen is not pent-up demand, it really represents Investments. The practices are making in their capacity and really improve capacity and productivity of their practices. So I think it's just a solid reflection of demand trends.
Jay Mazelsky: And I'll speak to the supply chain. I think resiliency and performance of the business, which has been excellent. As I previously indicated, we have an excellent long-term supplier relationships. We've been able to leverage those and they make sure that we're very well provided. We also -- most of our manufacturing or almost all of our manufacturing is local where you're assured that we have a great deal of product standardization. We have maintained high inventory buffers. So we've been able to really support very high product availability throughout the pandemic. Our customers have clearly appreciated that, and have rewarded us with their business. So we feel very positive about our ability to continue to do that going forward.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay. And with that, I'd like to thank everybody for calling in. I'd also like to address the broader IDEXX team, some of which are on the call and say thank you for their continued extraordinary performance. Our employees have demonstrated an admirable commitment to our purpose and excellent ability to execute against our strategy. And I truly appreciate all their efforts. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
Brian Mc Keon: Morning, Mike. I think the bigger theme that we're highlighting is the CAG Diagnostic recurring growth trend on a 2-year basis really held up quite well. In the third quarter as we -- as you know, you get into these year-on-year comparison dynamics that we're focusing a bit on the 2-year trend to calibrate. And that we saw the 16% 2-year average annual growth level both in U.S. and international. And I think that's also the premium on a 2-year basis held up very well. It was 1,200 basis points in Q3. So I think that is the bigger trend that aligns with the higher end of our revenue growth outlook. And that's informing our posture heading into next year that we're really planning for sustained strong growth. We're investing towards that, ensuring that we have high service levels. So in terms of broader trends, I think Jay can provide some color, but I think the clinical visit trend was moderated a bit from the first half on a 2-year basis. We may be seeing some plateauing of the incremental growth benefit we saw from the step-up in new pets. Although the pet population has expanded and sustained and perhaps it might be reflective of victims clinics just being quite easy, but I think it was quite overall modest and our own trends have held up quite well.
Brian Mc Keon: Sure. On a full-year basis, I think we said 28.8% to 29%. We do have some quarterly differences in margins normally, I think Q2 tends to be our highest with just some of the wellness testing that goes on Rapid Assay sales and things of that nature. I think we feel good about the growth trajectory in the business, particularly the growth on the CAG recurring revenues that's a key driver for us, and that really gives us the ability to reinvest and into -- to build on the margin performance that we've had. I think we are intending to invest. We have been investing in growth aligned with the higher growth profile and we want to build on that. We see that as a very high return area for us, particularly, areas like commercial investment. We get a very quick payback on that. And we're really pleased with the progress we had in our initial wave of international markets. And we'll look to do more with that next year. We'll provide more clarity on that as we get into the year, but our goal is to build on the strong performance that we have this year. And the strong growth trajectory in the business really gives us an opportunity to do that.
Brian Mc Keon: Okay, John. I think it's important to calibrate at just what we're working through, if you go back to last year. And at just looking at our numbers and year-over-year improvement on a comparable basis. We were up over 200 basis points in Q2 - Q3 last year. We're comparing to some higher numbers in terms of the levels we were at last year where we had really constrained cost conditions. And I think the -- that's a key factor we are investing back now and we're seeing that paying off in terms of high service levels and growth. I think we had some impacts from mix through the X1 instrument placement growth has a little bit of a mix headwind for us. And those are factors we're working through. But I think the overall dynamics in margins are something that we believe we can build upon. We'll provide more insight into that as we get into next year. But I think that longer-term trend, the key driver there is our strong CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth rates. And we are well-positioned to build on that with the trends that we've seen in the business so I think that longer-term story still holds for us.
Brian Mc Keon: We didn't provide specific guidance on Q4, but I can tell you that our high-end of our range is consistent with the trends that we've seen on a 2-year basis on CAG Diagnostic recurring for the first 3 quarters. So that is reflected in a guidance. The overall organic growth, just keep in mind, we're up against a little tougher concurrent instruments in Q4. It's not a change in trend. It's just we're working through some compares there. But it's -- again the high-end is largely consistent with where we've been trending. I think that we're going to learn more on this as we move forward. I think the -- we're really pleased with the execution in the business. I think the momentum on our key initiatives, particularly things like instruments, give us a lot of confidence that we can build on. The strong consumable growth, and I think our execution to other modalities is very strong as well. And we're watching the market trends and I think that it's very encouraging. I think there -- like I said, there may be some moderation in terms of the step-up in things like pet population growth and we've got to pay attention to capacity at clinics and things like that, but those are good problems that we think we can help our customers with. So we're -- I think that's a key theme. Hopefully you here today is the trends of the business we're very pleased with, particularly in CAG business, and we -- we're looking to invest to build on them.
Brian Mc Keon: Sorry about that, John. So we've been in that 2% to 3% range. I think that -- hey, look, I think that is an area that we were going to continue to look at. Pet owners are willing to pay more for services over time. There may be some select inflationary pressures in the business here and things like some input costs on labor and freight. And so we're paying attention to that. I think it is something we can look at over time if we see some sustained impacts on those fronts. And like I said, I think the market backdrop -- the industry backdrop gives us an opportunity to look at that just given the strength of the pet owner bond.
Brian Mc Keon: This is, Brian, the -- we have seen some inflationary impacts on the business. I think it's been more in areas like freight and distribution, which I think a lot of companies are experiencing. And for us, it's a relatively select on input costs, things like electronics and in resins, and we're paying attention to labor costs as well. I think those are all important areas for us. We've been able to manage through those effects well and we're really focused on sustaining high levels service for our customers, particularly in this high growth market. So that's our focus and our intent and I think we're confident that we can build on the profit trends that we've had while managing through those kind of effects on our business.
Brian Mc Keon: Why don't I take your first question on African swine fever. The primary dynamics we've seen around our China business for LPD, we saw a significant step-up in program testing in support of addressing African swine fever to last year and -- but those trends have changed. There are changes in the local management of the disease in China where there is now harvesting of the -- local farmers are allowed to harvest the animals rather than -- so that's leading them to harvest them rather than treat the disease. So there's been a decline in demand and that's raised some compares for us. So for our business, that's been the primary impact on African swine fever. And we're anticipating that's going to be a -- continue to be a challenge for us year-over-year for some upcoming quarters.
Brian Mc Keon: -- what we point out at if that was those correct is the year-over-year basis. Again, you get into these compares with last year, we had a big step-up and wellness testing and pent-up demand. The big -- the bigger driver of growth in the third quarter year-over-year was utilization growth. So the utilization gains at the clinic level have remained quite strong and on a two-year basis, good one-year growth. And it was more than offset on a flat frequency that was more related to the year-on-year compares in terms of the testing of number of visits.
