Brian McKeon: Thanks for your question, Chris. Maybe I can set some context and Jay can provide more color. On the clinical visit trends, which we've highlighted really were the main change that's going on here that would cause us to kind of recalibrate our outlook this year, we started lapping the step-up in demand in the pandemic in the second half of 2021. And that was flowing through the benefits of the pet additions and the big increases in services and diagnostics that we saw through the pandemic. And the clinical visit levels were up solidly in H2. So they were growing 2% to 3% off that higher base.  And so this is a relatively more recent dynamic. I think Jay can go into this more in color, but it's clearly a significant factor here is the vet capacity. I think that there is a trying to adapt following, a significant expansion of the demand in the industry and just dealing with some of the labor dynamics that many sectors are dealing with in the near term. And we're still working through these tough year-on-year compares. I think that will continue through the first half of this year in terms of the step-up. So that is the primary factor.  Other dynamics that are going on here are all incredibly positive. I think our -- at the clinic level, diagnostic frequency and utilization is up. The service, focus on services, service -- same-store service revenues are still growing. Sales are great. Instruments are very strong, software placements, customer retention, record levels. So this is primarily this dynamic, which we think is largely related to the capacity constraint. And that will normalize, I think, as we work through some of these compares and as clinics adapt to this long-term growth in demand that we think will sustain.
Brian McKeon: Yes, Mike. So on your first question, we're trying to look at these multiyear dynamics too. I think that's largely right. The one thing I'd point out is that the step-up in the new patients that occurred through the pandemic, there was an incremental aspect to the growth that I think benefited, we think, second half of 2021 into the first half of 2022. So there's a bit of a growth dynamic that's additive to making the first half a little more challenging. But I think on balance, we agree that the multiyear trends look quite good, and that informs some of our optimism.  And in terms of how we're thinking about the year, if you look at the range that we provided, effectively, the higher end of the range assumes that we move back towards a healthy positive growth rate on the clinical visit trends. It's the -- as we noted, the CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth for the second half at the higher end reflects our original goals. And so that was what we were seeing coming into the year. And the lower end is more in line with what we're -- we've seen in Q1. So there's some level of pressure year-on-year continues. So we're not explicitly guiding on that metric. But those, I think logically, that's how the full year guidance ends together.
Brian McKeon: Yes. Just to revisit, we had a range on the multiyear CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth, and we raised the lower end of the range, I think, reflecting our confidence into the range is 11% to 14%. And really what underlies that range, and this underlies our business strategy is our effectiveness as a growing utilization of diagnostics with their customers over time.  And the pre-pandemic improvement levels, as you're aware, Mike, we focused in on this, the percentage of -- the percentage of business that use blood work in diagnostics, and we had been seeing roughly a 50 basis point annual improvement in that metric over time, and that was the pre-pandemic trend. And we saw that accelerate in the pandemic to more like 100 basis points.  So as Jay highlighted, we're continuing to see very nice improvement on diagnostic utilization. So we're very confident in that part of the strategy. That is the part of the strategy that we influence heavily with our innovation and our customer engagement, and we're very confident in our ability on that front. And so nothing's changed in terms of those dimensions.  I think we are working through a period here where we had a big step-up in ownership in pets and demand and through the pandemic, and we're transitioned to growing off this higher base. And we're working through some compares here, but the long-term view of the optimism we have for the business in the long term hasn't changed.
Brian McKeon: Yes. Just on -- let me reflect on the comment I made and then Jay can talk more about the resilience of the business. It was specifically related more to Europe. We saw relatively more softness in Europe than we anticipated. And so we're just signaling that it may be related to some of the impacts indirectly from the Ukraine war and higher energy prices and things of that nature. So we -- that it's harder for us to parse that, but it was -- that was what the comment related to.
Brian McKeon: As I mentioned in our comments our U.S., on average over the overall CAG Diagnostic recurring base was in the 4% to 5% range, so it's a bit better than we had indicated originally, and we've got solid improvements in other markets as well. So I think we feel good about our pricing plans, and that's something we will continue to look at over time.  And I also note that I think vet clinics are showing an ability to pass on pricing as well, and that's reflected in their growth numbers.
Brian McKeon: So we haven't explicitly projected changes in the macro environment in our outlook. What I would say is that we are capturing more recent dynamics, including some of the dynamics that have been going on in regions like Europe, which as we indicated, may have some macro impacts. And they signal, we're anticipating that the growth in the second quarter will be at the lower end of our full year organic growth range of 7.5% to 10%. So I think we are -- we're trying to capture what we believe includes the capacity dynamics, but what macro impacts may be going on into our outlook, and that's also reflected in the full year range that I shared earlier.  So I think it's not something, again, we forecast specifically, Jon, but I think as Jay pointed out, this has been a business that's always been resilient. If anything, over time, the factors that are supporting our demand, whether it be strengthening of the pet owner bond or just improvements in our own capacity as a company to influence growth and support the industry have only grown. So we think that reinforces we'll have -- we'll be relatively well positioned to changes. And we think we're capturing kind of the more recent trends appropriately in the guidance range that we've shared.
Brian McKeon: And we're hearing anecdotally that pet owners are more invested and interested in what's going on. So as testing is done, they're interested in expanding the scope of services for those owners that are bringing their pets in. So I think the metrics that we're showing here, building off the higher base are reinforcing them.
Brian McKeon: Right. On the last point, yes, we view that as a discrete investment that will not occur in 2023. We're not projecting that. So that will be a favorable year-on-year, and we try to provide that specific impact, so you can calibrate for that.  I think your interpretation is right, Nate, that the -- we originally had an outlook this year, clearing away currency and the discrete R&D impact of a 50 to 100 basis point improvement. As you know, that's our long-term goal. We've been doing relatively better than that over time.  It did factor in. We do have inflationary impacts that we're working through this year and some returning costs, things like travel. And we had advanced expansions of our sales organizations internationally in the second half of last year and into early this year. And so it started with a level of growth in costs that we were working to cover through our growth as we always do, while delivering good profit performance. So the 3% calibration in the growth rate is moderating that.  I think that's an appropriate kind of flow through as we pull back a bit on the expected growth. And I think your question is, does that come back? It's not that it is going away, it's can we grow off of that and produce good margin expansion over time? And we believe, absolutely we can. We're committed to our long-term goals and believe we have a really good business model to be able to support that.
Brian McKeon: And on the R&D question, the $80 million investment that we highlighted that will come through our second quarter results, we view as discrete and nonrecurring. And we are maintaining our long-term goals for operating margin expansion.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. Chris, let me try to address your question from a context standpoint, both from the standpoint of capacity or supply, and then I want to talk a bit about the pet owner dynamics and demand.  So all the surveys and all the conversations we've had with veterinarians indicate a good deal of optimism about the future and it includes 2022 in terms of growth and their prospects. Their focus is really, I think, pivoted. The pandemic has only accelerated the pivot towards being able to provide excellent medical services and patient care, as well as a pleasing client experience. So relatively less emphasis on things like product sales, specialty diets.  They're also seeing, from a pet owner standpoint, demanding clients who really want full-service care. So speaking with a number of veterinarians just yesterday, they remarked when pet owners come in are still looking to really have sort of an end-to-end approach to care. So I talked about that strong pivot. And if anything, the pandemic, I think, has only accelerated that. And they know that the diagnostics plays a key role in being able to guide care services and the whole clinical envelope.  And to Brian's point, at the same time, there's been a very significant step-up in activity, both in terms of number of patients. There's 10-plus percent more pets relative to pre-pandemic, 10-plus percent higher clinical visits. And the practices themselves, they haven't been immune to some of the labor and staff challenges that, to some extent, all businesses are facing. So they're working through that dynamic of higher activity, while trying to create some balance and looking to increase capacity.  And they're looking at us in many respects, and have this large appetite for things like IDEXX instrumentation. We saw that manifest itself in higher sales, cloud-based software solutions. I think it's both indicative of their optimism for the future, and recognizing that if they have better tools that can support both staff productivity and higher standards of care.  Let me pivot and talk a bit about pet owner dynamics, because I think that addresses your question how this is going to play out over time. By all accounts, we think pet owner demand remains very strong. We all know there's a very strong human-animal bond. And by all accounts, all the data we look at, that continues to grow. We also know that, from a spending power standpoint, just as a percent of discretionary spend that they're spending all in on pets across all economic and demographic cohorts, still under 2%. And the medical services piece, much smaller than that.  So pet owners, they consistently indicate not just in surveys, but in actual behavior that they prioritize spend on veterinary care, sometimes even to the extent that about a quarter or so, that they would spend first on their pet before their own health care. But they prioritize consistently across much larger groups relative to things like entertainment and travel and going out to dinner. And that's even more pronounced in the younger generations like Generation Z and Millennials.  So getting back to -- we know there's been a significant number of adoptions to the pandemic, 10-plus percent over the last couple of years. We look at things like surrenders and we don't see any real movement from that baseline. In fact, what the survey say is that first-time pet owners are looking to actually adopt potentially a second pet in some appreciable numbers. From a headwind standpoint, we know there's some overlays, like working from home and companies returning more to a, sort of, a hybrid-type model. But we think that, that still gives the pet owners the flexibility to be able to take their dog or cat to the veterinarian. So we're keeping an eye on these trends. But I think, on a net basis, we think pet-owner demand remains strong.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. And I would just add to that, though, clinical visits, it's been an important part of our growth algorithm, but it's just one part. The other thing to keep in mind is the diagnostics adoption and the utilization piece of the business is very strong. We've highlighted that in the earnings highlight where adoption and utilization is at or higher than what we've seen from the pre-pandemic level. So from a customer engagement standpoint, I think we have a pretty well-defined playbook. It's really been honed and optimized over the years to be able to drive and inspire diagnostics adoption and utilization, both through creating awareness and education and ultimately, trialing. But also innovation and continuing to bring innovation that solves the challenging practice and patient problems. So we're optimistic about our ability to continue to do that and do that in an effective way.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. Erin, just in terms of the resilience of the business. If you go back to the Great Recession and the recovery in 2008, 2009, our revenue grew 5%. Now a lot has changed over that 10-plus years, and I think from a very positive standpoint.  We worked through other channels, third-party distributor channels. We now have our own direct channel and direct relationships with customers. We know that the human animal bond and the strengthening of the bond has suddenly increased and increased very appreciably. Obviously, there's a lot more pets. And our innovation portfolio, both across the reference labs and our point-of-care diagnostics portfolio, and very importantly, in this environment, software has gotten, I think, appreciably stronger and more capable, not just in the U.S. but globally. So we think we're a very resilient business that has become even more resilient as a result of those factors.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. Jon, it's Jay. So keep in mind, that's from -- that 0.5%, which is more of the pre-pandemic historical norm is from a much higher base. So we're building off that 3% base that we saw in Q1 of 2021. And so we both look at -- to the extent that clinical visits include diagnostics, we want to be able to continue to grow that, and we have seen nice growth in this year of that higher base, as well as then when they do use it, are they using more from a volume and dollar standpoint. And that's 8%, which includes some price effect there. So we think that is very healthy in terms of how veterinarians see the use of diagnostics as an enabler to the broader medical services envelope.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. Just specifically around your comment relative to curb side, drop off and pick up. We see practices even though we've, I think, transitioned from the pandemic to the endemic business, continue that in -- I mean it's in the minority of cases probably 15-plus -- they like that from the standpoint of supporting the productivity of the practice, a lot of pet owners like that.  I think practices have adopted some level of concierge service around that type of thing. So I don't think that, that's going to go away. It will probably continue to remain a smaller part of that whole. Certainly, it's a step down from sort of the peak of the pandemic, but it's still there to some extent.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Nathan, I think it's a bit of all of the above. From the standpoint of -- so there's clearly a much higher level of activity that they're adapting to and we've talked about the staff shortages. And I think there are some staff out, just related COVID even though it's not resulting in hospitalizations. Normally when people get COVID, they have to spend some time at home.  But there's a number of, I think, proactive things that practices are doing, including investing in technology. We see just a very significant appetite for software and the productivity that the software can deliver, both from the standpoint of staff productivity as well as really being able to enable standard of care. And our solutions, whether it's the ezyVet solution or clinical decision support because that's part VetConnect PLUS is an important part of that.  Also instrumentation and the growth that we're seeing in premium instrumentation, it's really -- it's been very significant, 31% increase in growth in placements, 14% increase in our premium installed base. I think that's reflective of practice owners and veterinarians recognizing that they need to have the latest technology.  In other cases, I think practices are looking at staffing mix and staffing formulas and recognizing that they can increase the number of vet techs and in some cases, non-licensed vet techs, at higher ratios than they have right now, and that can generate higher revenues, they had higher pet owner client support relative to their current baselines. So really looking at a broad range of practices to be able to increase capacity.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Yes. So I'll talk about this, the opportunity. In addition to what I mentioned from a software in a clinic standpoint, our reference laboratory solutions, testing solutions platform really serve as an extension of the practice. So insofar as practices maybe get strained or they want to send out testing and even our medical services.  So we have a very large group of pathologists and boarded some radiologists and internal medicine specialists, they can do that. So we think that, that is a net positive in terms of being able to support the practices and continues to open up opportunity to that effect.
Jonathan Mazelsky: Okay. And with that, I'd like to thank everybody on the phone for their participation this morning and to the IDEXX employees listening. I'd like to say thank you for your continued devotion to our purpose and enduring focus on delivering today. Your unwavering support and engagement enable us to continuously execute at a very high level and support our customers despite unpredictable and evolving dynamics in our sector and around the world. We're thankful for your excellent efforts and look forward to continuing our strong momentum through the rest of '22. And so with that, we'll conclude the call, and thank you.
