Jon Ayers: Yes, Japan is a diagnostic market that really is oriented towards in-house point of care real-time care and it’s a market with significant opportunity because we probably have a lower share in Japan than any other market that I can think of. And of course Catalyst One is a blockbuster product that we've proven in virtually every other market around the world and we have a good organization, a direct organization in Japan that’s in place for decades. So it's going to be a nice combination. We've also launched VetConnect PLUS in Japan which I think is highly appreciated by the Japanese veterinarians because they are very visually oriented. And so, we’re excited about the growth opportunity in Japan for the next couple of years.
Jon Ayers: Yes, thank you for the question. The weakness that we saw specifically was the deceleration in recurring revenue growth in Europe; obviously in international markets we've had extraordinary level of growth in Catalyst One placements including Europe. And that varied same quarter of Q3 I think, we had 169% year-over-year growth in catalyst platform placements internationally. And so we hypothesized in Q3 that was related to very hot weather in markets that don’t traditionally have air-conditioning, believe it or not, that’s Continental Europe. And it was nice to see the rebound to 10% recurring CAG diagnostic revenue growth in Europe. Other markets around the world I think have just been very strong. I mentioned Brazil, Asia is very strong and so I think we have the combination of investments we’ve made in a direct and strong commercial organization for the last years internationally combined with new innovative market leading products such Catalyst One. VetConnect PLUS is now - I think we have customers using VetConnect PLUS in 60 countries and of course now the global rollout of estimate for our reference lab modality which gives us confidence that we will continue to have above US growth in the international markets in part because they are simply far less mature in their - not that US is mature, but they are just so much earlier than the US in their adoption of diagnostic protocols for pet healthcare. 
Jon Ayers: Yes, John, thank you for that question. What a difference a year makes. I think we're not entering a huge disruptive change. We are beyond that disruptive change and we are seeing the progression and productive of our commercial investments in the US and internationally. We expect to get productivity on those investments and operating expense leverage particularly in the US market in 2016. So we don’t enter the year with the kind of risks that we entered last year. The only think I can’t really comment on is macro, but out underlying markets are very strong, so it's more of an issue of currency and those kinds of things.
Jon Ayers: Yes, thank you. Well, of course vast majority of our customer does come from continuing – revenues does come from continuing customers. So I think what we're pleased with the non-customers is that the growth in sending us panels is demonstrating that they are voting with their feet and seeing SDMA as an attractive addition, but those numbers are small contributors to overall reference lab growth. Getting back to the first part of your question, I think that the trends are balanced between net new account acquisitions and same-store sales account from existing customers who are adopting more and more of our unique menu innovations such as fecal antigen and some of the other tests that we offer. And in some cases we may have a core customer who is using us as their primary reference lab, but maybe not using us entirely. And so with the value that SDMA brings to the core chemistry panel perhaps, they are shifting more of their – what they may have been splitting more their chemistry volume to us. And of course we have net new customer acquisitions which is also contributing to that growth. [Indiscernible], I mean continued strong retention metrics and new customer acquisition exceeding whatever customer losses that we're seeing.
Jon Ayers: No, but we are happy to. We have a highly loyal Cornerstone and DVMAX is our client server platform, about 7,000 customers. I think the loyalty in that customer base is 99% plus. We continue to invest in those platforms, but our focus on new customer placements will be with Neo, our cloud-based platform which is unique in not only its ease of use, but the fact that it has virtually zero upfront cost for customer to start using consistent with cloud technology and it has full integration into our diagnostic ecosystem. And so that will be a small but because of we don't get upfront revenues, the same – the customers don’t have upfront cost, but a growing contributor to our installed base building on top of the high loyalty we have with Catalyst and DVMAX customers. It’s interesting if you look at the information management and digital revenues that product line that we report actually at this point a little over 50% of those revenues are what we consider recurring revenues. There are kinds of things like subscriptions and maintenance and add-on services and the rest is things like hardware and supply sales, they are not what we call non-recurring, they are not capital per se, but they are hardware and supplies and our data business. Very good performance in 2015 and we are well positioned in 2016 to build out our cloud-based customer adoption through our five or six cloud-based offerings in that segment. 
Jon Ayers: Well, the growth in that segment is going to come from not only Neo, which really won’t be a large element that will be a growing and strategically important element, but we are also growing the adoption of add-on services, primarily cloud-based incremental services to our Cornerstone and DVMAX install base as well as continued growth in our digital radiography, including the cloud-based software that supports and stores all the images on cloud, and one needs to have a local server and backup and all that just the radiography system fully integrated with Cornerstone and with Neo. So it’s really both the continued growth and continued replacements, but more importantly the growth in the recurring revenues Neo and these add-on services to the existing install base that will propel profitable growth in that line of business in 2016.
Jon Ayers: It definitely ticked up in Q3. We saw big, a nice tick up in Q3 from – in fact it’s on – as we look the annualized retention rate by quarter, it turns out that fourth quarter 2014 was our most challenging quarter. And every quarter since then the annualized retention rate for that quarter has ticked up and it ticked up to about 97% in Q3, and what I will say is, sometimes it just takes us a little while to absolutely solidify that number. Early indications are for Q4 as we sit here four weeks into 2016 because it takes time to see the dust settle and look at customer ordering patterns to really be secure. But certainly the early indications are that we were – we maintain if not a slight improvement in that metric in Q4 2015. 
Jon Ayers: Yes. Thank you. I think the instrument placement is pretty sticky as evidenced by our estimate of 97% retention on an annualized basis. And so that will be 3% of customers who are in our installed base, as measured by the revenue that they are contributing, the consumable revenue that they are contributing are switching to different analyzer. That is, what I call a very, very sticky and loyal installed base and I think in the case of IDEXX, that’s because they’ve adopted elements of our in-house lab whether it be advanced 2a integration or unique menu or the benefit of real-time care or VetConnect PLUS integrated with the reference lab results. Also, of course, when they purchase an analyzer, they typically buy it either in a six-year lease or some kind of a contractual commitment, multi-year contractual commitment, which also adds to the stickiness. So it is not, it's a very sticky installed base to answer your question.
Jon Ayers: So that was a very strong number. That number can bounce around from quarter to quarter. I think we saw one quarter since the Great Recession that was higher than that, but certainly I would suggest that the underlying market trends are robust.
Jon Ayers: I would say that it’s always a very competitive environment. And I think the difference in terms of IDEXX is that customers value unique aspects of what our solutions provide that they cannot get from others. And so if something is lower price but does not provide an adequate solution, that isn’t going to be something that customers like to do. In addition, I mentioned – our veterinary diagnostic consultants are really now covering the market, you think of 48,000 visits in a quarter, they are basically covering the market price over on average.  And so our reach and frequency into the customer and that's just with our veterinary diagnostic consultants, which are around 180, we have another 120 other types of field-based professionals that are also visiting customers, we are present. We have those relationships and I think customers value those businesses, because we are bringing value, both in terms of support and new innovation. And so always a very competitive market. But we win with a combination of innovation, new and unique personal innovations and a very strong commercial presence.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Thank you, Cynthia and thank you everyone for joining the call. I just want to also, a very special callout to IDEXX employees, our 6000+ employees who’ve worked really hard this year or last year, should I say, 2015, in the phase of a lot of competitive and macro challenges to deliver what I think was a very strong finish to the year. A special callout to our North American Field organization that has really done a great job in coming online with new territories and establishing customer relationships and bringing value and growing the level of care that our customers are providing to pet owners.  This is a very satisfying outcome for all of us at IDEXX, when we see this kind of growth that we’re driving and we’re seeing care providers being successful, both medically and economically, and pet owners benefiting with improved health of their pets. And so it really gives us confidence that we’re on the right strategy for sustained growth for years to come with the investments we've made in 2015, both in the US and around the world.  And with that, we will conclude the call. Thank you.
Brian McKeon: Yeah we’re always focused on that Ryan, I think this year part of that was just driven by kind of year-end privatization and also some carryover into – that’s not unusual at year-end where project is going to carry over into the next year and that's all factored into our $90 million outlook. I think our numbers is still probably a little higher than they normally would be just reflecting the very strong volume growth that we’ve had in reference lab as well as some of the work we're doing on enhancing our manufacturing capability with new products but I think we’re – our long-term outlook would be and our focus would be on continuing to drive capital efficiency. So we think that can be a point of leverage for us over time.
Brian McKeon: Yeah, John, just to highlight, the adjustment is entirely related to we had better than expected operating margins finishing the year in Q4 through good cost management. So we’re basically just flowing that through. We are still targeting 50 basis points of constant currency improvement and really all you are seeing is that we had a very good cost management at the end of the year and we are flowing that through and driving toward the same objectives we talked about earlier. It’s actually not an increase in our revenue outlook. We maintain a consistent - 
Brian McKeon: Right, I think we obviously don’t get the benefit of the margin capture as we move into 2016. And so it is really reflecting that we will have some compares from some of the losses in the first generation product that have stabilized.
Brian McKeon: But I would highlight, it’s kind of a solid positive projection in rapid assay that we're seeing and it reflects that from we had some headwinds here that we've been sequentially improving in terms of the performance with very good growth in the 4Dx business and we're going to be working through some of these compares and that will contribute to relatively flat performance in Q1.
Brian McKeon: Yes, let’s just a latter point, I think we can all do the math, I can’t – you can take 16 to 18 in times of by a 1000 and that’s pretty easy because $16 million to $18 million and then the incremental value as that install base grows, obviously you got pricing analyzers and they got to start using it in order to generate the recurring revenue of the pay by run. We are selling the analyzer at 19, 9, 95, but in cases that we are selling it in a bundle with other equipment to competitive accounts, when they are buying, they are looking at SediVue and then they are saying, hey, this is a new look at IDEXX and I see the benefits of IDEXX and fully integrated approach and all the key differentiators, now I’m looking at SediVue for catalyst and hematology. When we put on our bundle, we will have a lower unit price associated with the SediVue placement and in some cases, some deferred revenue. So that’s really what brings down – we are selling it at list price, because it’s our first and only innovation and customers are so excited about it, we have no pushback on that. But the average unit price will come down. And then we will have some sales in the latter part of the year that will be international and will probably at lower AUP, so those are things that bring down the average unit price from the list price. 
Brian McKeon: Sure. I think one of the key elements in the bridge is you have to recognize if the 11% in Q4 benefited from margin capture, right, so you have to – comparing that Q1, you have to normalize for that. So basically that’s in a range of 3%. We don’t quantify that specifically anymore. But say we are at an 8% level and we are effectively saying 8 to 9 or 7 to 8 adjusting for leap year. And so it’s largely consistent trends. We did have really strong instrument revenue growth year-on-year in Q4, so that’s obviously benefiting us. I think we are targeting continued solid progress on recurring CAG growth and improvement as we work through the year as we – Jon highlighted these improved retention rates and working –
Brian McKeon: The consumables and for also the rapid assay kind of working through the headwinds there and getting to a place where we are growing versus down on a margin, excluding margin capture, we had some headwinds, of course, this year from the first generation losses. So those things will benefit us as we work through the year and we’re basically projecting Q1 for another strong quarter.
