Jonathan Ayers: David, thank you for the question. Of course, we can't predict how our distributors would change -- will react and we've begun discussions with them. But they have always had a chance to do alternative arrangements with IDEXX and that’s really been part of our contracts and I think we had excellent relationships with distributors and they have had excellent relationships with us as value added distributors and the margins that, that generates for them. So we think it would be unlikely, but I think they each have to weigh the differences between carrying competitor product and being a value added distributor for IDEXX with a higher margin.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. We’re very excited about the partnership with Purina. We’ve actually – its been in the works for quite a bit of time. We worked very closely with Purina to design if you will template preventative care plans that include the appropriate diagnostics. We do have some benefit when we bring a customer to the equation, but we think the larger benefit is that this is really part of a series of steps that helps customers increase preventative care with veterinarians and with pet owners. And of course the increase of preventative care that includes the appropriate preventative diagnostics will increase our volume. So we think this is a tool, a value added tool that our sales force can bring to customers. It is a type of thing that is being talked about in the industry and PurinaCare is we think the way out of head in having designed the plan. So we’re very excited about that partnership. But I would just say its one of many marketing efforts that we’re working on to grow the veterinary industry. Nothing happens overnight in the veterinary industry, but tends do have staying power and long-term impacts, and I would say that this would be one of them.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, we’re going to -- we will make a change to one of the three. We're very committed to doing so Kristina. We’ll go through a process to select the distributors that best meet our needs as strategic distributors based on their track record commitment to the IDEXX line, other factors that we deem relevant. We certainly plan to conduct a fair and transparent process with our distributors in making these arrangement and evaluations.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. We've – yeah, of course its early returns with the PurinaCare, but we very much believe this drives – it drove both of those and because the diagnostics are part of the wellness plan together would drive a growth in the practice and growth in -- and of course then diagnostics is a natural follow-on to that. One of our very good customers has been a doing a form of this for a long time and they have been achieving the strong double-digit same-store sales growth for quite some time. So I think there is good precedent, but its all on the execution, these things aren’t simple and they do require a change in the practice and that’s always a problem with -- its always a challenge for practices to change and so one of the great things about the PurinaCare is it’s a system facilitates in that change process, just as many of our technologies that try to make it really easy for customers to change, but there is still that change in behavior and process has got to take place at the local practice.
Jonathan Ayers: I think we've adjusted for the day. The weather is a great question. If you recall last year we had a horrible weather in the first quarter and this year we had great weather. So it is a very favorable weather compare and its tough to analyze that, but I think certainly that was a significant factor. We saw a gradual improvement over the course of 2011 and probably some of this is a continuation of that gradual improvement and other of it is the favorable weather compare.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, first of all we can't predict the FTC or speak for them. But we’ve had discussions with the FTC, we believe we understand the nature of their concerns. We’ve informed the FTC of our plans as described here today and we’re trying to make this process as transparent as possible to the FTC staff, to the industry, and to the investment community. And of course there are no guarantees as I said, but we would not proceed down this path if we didn’t have some confidence that this would resolve the FTC concerns making and also of course making a sense for our business. With regard to what would happen, it’s our sense that the FTC would seek to formalize the arrangement where we have one distributor that is carrying competitive product and carrying our product as a generalist instead of value added and thus at a different margin they seek to formalize that in the form of a consent degree. And so that’s our expectation.
Jonathan Ayers: To the latter question, absolutely no impact on that, we don’t expect any impact on that. This is a refinement and really an integrated strategy. So, the answer to that last question is no, when you say increase in 5%, this is our -- these are our Cornerstone customers, this is not the market as a whole. And our Cornerstone customers in general have done better than the market as a whole as we understand it. And so, second is part of that was – I think you saw it in the retail sales, it’s a -- there is a favorable element that’s probably transitory. Third, of course that’s only U.S. data, and over 40% of our revenues at IDEXX as a whole comes from outside the U.S. and of course Europe while it grew 5% in the first quarter for us in the companion animal business, that decelerated from 8% in the fourth quarter and I think that’s -- it’s going to be a little bit more challenging situation. So, there are a lot of puts and takes. We’ve not changed our organic growth guidance. It remains the same as it was in the last quarter.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, first of all, we’re not going to eliminate one of our value-added distributors. They’ll continue to carry -- we would anticipate they continue to carry our line in more of a generalist than a value-added. Certainly – and nothing changes in this industry overnight and we don’t want to disrupt pre-established relationships between our longstanding distributors and our mutual veterinary customers. Certainly, the value-added ones that we’ll be continuing to treat as an extension of our sales force, in that way we’ll be training them, we’ll be working very closely with them, all as we’ve in the past to continue to grow our business. So it’s kind of hard to predict how things could sort out. But I guess there could be some gradual shift over time. I think one of the benefits we’ll have is our remaining distributors will be more -- that will have one last national distributor came with on a value-added basis and therefore they’ll probably I’d say not that they won’t motivate before, but more motivated continue to grow our business because of that fact.
Jonathan Ayers: I think they’ll be generally the same. We’ll be in conversations with them about what the nature of -- what our relationship would look like next year, but I’d say generally speaking that they will be quite similar to where they’re today.
Jonathan Ayers: Yeah, we of course would disagree with the notion that any part of the industry is locked up and one reason we say that is there have been a variety of ways to reach the market and our competitors have been quite successful in reaching the market with direct and other distribution channels. So this is only one of several ways to reach the market. We -- as we understand it by moving to this generalist relationship with one of our three largest distributors where they don’t – aren’t subject to the competitive products policy and we would therefore of course expect them to carry competitive products along with our products addresses the FTC’s concern, and we’re committed to moving forward with that change and then I’ll tell you that we’re very, very confident that will be successful in that process.Jonathan Block – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And just a second part to that question, I guess, in terms of share shifts, whatever happens, it happens, but turning it back to the P&L, can you talk to arguably what you would see from legal on an annual basis? I mean when we look out to next year, what do you spend on legal from the FTC overhang in ‘11 or what would you expect in ’12? And then I think Ross was going there, and I just didn’t understand it, if you’re one of the two distributors that remains exclusive to IDEXX, do you sort of have to sweeten this – the spot, give them a higher commission to keep the exclusivity? Thanks guys.
Jonathan Ayers: No, I really don’t – actually I think the remaining distributors, IDEXX would actually become more valuable to them because they’ve one less large distributor to content with as value-added. So I don’t see that really at all possibility. I think the changes will probably be modest, if anything that might be slightly favorable to IDEXX. But we’ll continue to invest in our strategic distributors. And of course with regard to economics, as we’ve mentioned, because of the lower margin that the generalist would receive on IDEXX products because they’ve moved away from being value-added. That’s – we estimate to be $6 million to $12 million in resources that we can then reallocate to our sales, marketing customer support and support of our remaining value-added distributors. So that’s going to be a nice and that’s incremental to our existing investments in that area. So that will be helpful to us to continue to serve customers and bring our innovations to the market. I’ll have Merilee answer your question with regards to the legal spent.
Jonathan Ayers: Yes. Well, our contracts with our distributors today are annual contracts, and they expire at the end of the year. We cannot unilaterally change one of these distributor contracts. So we’d anticipate that this change would be put in place no later than when the contract – these three contracts expires, and we’ve moved one of our distributors to this generalist approach. Should one of the distributors want to move more quickly to the generalist approach, we’ll do that. So, that’s why the timing is a little bit difficult to predict. And once we’ve entered into that new relationship with that distributor in a way that we believe is responsive to the FTC’s concerns, then we’d anticipate that we’d -- that the FTC would seek to have this modified agreement formalized in the form of a consent order.
Jonathan Ayers: I’d say we probably hear about the change in the distribution agreement before we hear about the FTC, but it’s -- what we believe is by having moved through this modified agreement with one of our three distributors, this does address the FTC’s concerns.
Jonathan Ayers: Well, Nick, let me describe the generalist role and the economics, so I think you’ve a better appreciation. The generalists would continue to provide veterinary customers with the IDEXX product line, of course, including taking customers orders and shipping kits and consumable out of their warehouse. They would not generally be expected to have any value-added focus from the distributor sales force as the nature of the relationship with IDEXX would have changed. The distributors, as we mentioned an important element here is the distributor – generalist distributor not be bound by a competitor product policy unless we would expect them to carry products competitive with IDEXX. The generalists also earn a margin on IDEXX products that’s consistent with industry standards for this type of arrangement which is more in the single-digit range and substantially lower than the current margin that our distributors receive on our product today. So that’s a very significant element of the change, and so again we cannot predict how competitors react, how our distributors will reach, we have wonderful relationships with them. We’ve worked with them closely in many cases over two decades and I think we're important to their business, they know our product-line very, very well, we've done years and years of training and of course it generates an important margin to them. So, they got to weigh that versus the opportunity to care competitive products.
Jonathan Ayers: So first of all when you say one of the distributors would leave, I’d say, they’re not going to leave us, they are going to move to the generalist model and continue to carry our products in this – in the form that I described. I’d say absolutely zero, because we've got very, very strong relationships with our customers and so, I don’t think any of the revenues would be at risk. In addition Nick, I think its important to understand that in addition to our existing sales and marketing investments we would be adding another $6 million to $12 million of sales and marketing investments to grow our business. We would augment our budget by $6 million to $12 million that can be used for a variety of ways to support our growth strategy. So that’s an offset to the move of one of our major distributors from value added if you will in the way the distributors are value added recognizing we sell our instruments direct and we have a direct sales force that works hand-in-glove with our distributors in things like 4Dx, the Plus launch. And then one thing I do want to say is, we will move one of our distributors to generalist, I mean that is not a question a bit, its just really a question of when and who.
Jonathan Ayers: … R&D commercial, nothing in there in contemplation of this change since this was a relatively recent development.
Jonathan Ayers: I think the criteria that we’re going to be select, using is – this is the – it is to select which of our three distributors would be continuing in a value added approach. And we’re going to go through that process, working very closely with distributors, they’ve all been long standing excellent distributors for us. We’re going to see who really best meets our strategic needs based on their track record among a variety of factors. Their commitment to the IDEXX line and a lot of other factors we plan to conduct a fair and transparent process with our distributors and making this evaluation on which of our distributors would be continuing in a value added mode.
Jonathan Ayers: Okay. I want to thank everybody for being on the call. We’re very excited about our prospects for the year. We’re very excited about our innovation agenda. We really do believe that we’re at – the industry itself and us at the lead had an inflexion point, were veterinarian’s are now beginning to appreciate that they can impact on practice visits with their own practice management and marketing. In the same way probably, dentists figured this out that keeps a go. And that variance are kind of were dentists were decades ago. So there is a big opportunity here because we know the pet owner responds, when the veterinarian is able to communicate the value of the care that they can provide. We see that in individual cases and so we’re excited with the launch of our new menu, including 4Dx Plus and Phenobarbitol on Catalyst Dx® and we’re very excited about the partners in wellness with PurinaCare and it’s a big deal, the VetConnect PLUS announcement is another significant value added piece that comes with whether you got IDEXX in-house or reference lab or both, a real value added piece. And we think VetConnect PLUS is going to actually be a platform for some additional opportunities in the future, in the same way that five years ago when we launched smart service that became the platform for a lot of new things and indeed one of them – those new things was the launch of VetConnect PLUS. So we’re very excited about the opportunity for growth and our innovation agenda and we really appreciate the attention and the confidence that our investor base has and of course we really want to thank all of our employees who continue to work hard to bring the value to the customer in a economically attractive way. Thank you. That ends the call.
Merilee Raines: David, as I mentioned in my comments, we're seeing a little bit less price realization in the lab business than what we had expected. I also think in the VetLab business we've seen lower pricing somewhat on instruments and I also did mention in the last call that we were expecting that we would see as a result of protocol based rebate programs a bit of headwind on consumable pricing as well just because of the nature of that program also impacts consumable pricing as well as instrument pricing. So I think those would be the primary areas.
Merilee Raines: I really think it is a function of the programs that we've been executing in the marketplace over the last couple of years now and we’re seeing the cumulative impact of that where the customers enter into these programs and the rebates are that they earn over a period of time are applied against in many cases in fact the majority of cases against capital equipment purchases from IDEXX so that really is the main driver. The competition has always been very aggressive in that market place and I don’t think that, that the pricing dynamic in regard to competition is particularly different, that’s always been pretty aggressive.
Merilee Raines: Yeah, Miroslava, the other thing that I’d add to that is it’s kind of it’s aligned with the comments on Europe growth. But the livestock and poultry business we did also lower the organic growth projection for the year for that business and that lowered performance in Q1 was partially offset by some strong growth in our dairy business due to some testing that happened in China and we expect that the level of that testing is going to drop down fairly significantly as we go through the year. So there are other parts of the business as well, the companion animal business that are -- it’s all factored into our organic growth guidance for the year.
Merilee Raines: Okay. Jon, we -- over the course of the last couple of years and through the first quarter of 2012, we’ve spent about $5.5 million in legal expenses related to this investigation. And I think we’re anticipating that until there is full resolution on this matter that we’re going to continue to incur some legal spent, albeit we hope it will be at a lower rate. But we did spent, for instance in the first quarter, we spent about $0.5 million in legal.
Merilee Raines: Yeah, I think Nick some of this is related to revenue mix and the fact, with businesses like Livestock and Poultry Diagnostics relatively high margin and I’m showing the negative growth in the quarter, that – that’s a factor, I mean, strong instrument sales, strong lab sales are carried. Again, these were all relatively lower gross margins and the Company average – are contributors there. We have stepped up investment a little bit in OpEx and I think that was – that’s what reflected in our guidance as we went into the year and in our …
