Brian McKeon: Yeah. Mike, why don't I start off, and then I'm sure Jay can weigh in on the broader trends. I think we feel we've got a very healthy growth range, as you know, for the full year on the CAG DX recurring of a 12 to 14.5. And I think the higher end of the range on top of the growth rate we had this year, we think, is a very healthy outlook for our business. I think for – we do feel good about the momentum entering the first half. I think we'll have relatively stronger growth in the first half. And I think you're highlighting the key question, which is the comparison in the second half, there was a step-up in the growth rate and driven by a number of factors, more pets, more testing, some pent-up demand that they've carried over from the early COVID impact. So I think we're just recognizing that there will be some year-over-year compare dynamics that go on that we'll learn more about as we go into the year. But I think we're – we feel very good about the momentum in the business. It was an amazing 2020, amazing recovery for the industry. And I think the – our high growth outlook reflects that.
Brian McKeon: Yes. We're not breaking out specific projections by platform. But overall, Mike, we did highlight the 1% contribution to growth we expect to get from instrument revenues next year at CAG instrument revenues. And that's a very healthy growth rate that would imply kind of 20% to 30% growth in instrument revenues, and that includes, obviously, benefits from the ProCyte One launch. So we're looking forward that to being a positive net contributor, and we think we've got that built in appropriately in our outlook.
Brian McKeon: No, I think that captures it well. Erin, as you know, we don't have the same level of insight at the PIMS level to some of the more granular data, but I would -- we did try to point out that we had basically the same level of CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth, U.S. and internationally. Both overall regions were strong throughout the quarter. We had 20% CAG DX recurring revenue growth in Europe, Asia Pacific and higher in Latin America. And we are basically hearing the same trends and seeing the same trends in our business in terms of just vet clinics being very busy and just driven by underlying growth in utilization. So it's similar trends. I think the U.S. is particularly strong, and we have the benefit of more data and insight in the U.S., but I think it just reinforces the strong global momentum that we have in our business.
Brian McKeon: Yes. And one factor I'd point to, I think, to reinforce Jay's point on just the clinics being busy and the demand being a driver for instruments that we feel good about going forward is just the second catalyst placements. If you see the high level of the second catalyst placements in U.S. and international markets, that's reflective of clinics trying to keep up with the higher levels of diagnostics utilization. So, I think that's a positive factor. And we're still working through some of the access headwinds, but I think the general trend has been positive for us.
Brian McKeon: Nate, I think it's primarily just reflecting the lapping of the step-up in growth, particularly in the second half. If you look at the premium that we're trying to use, the shorthand ways of looking at it, but in the U.S., the premium of CAG Dx recurring growth to clinical visit growth, it was about 1,600 basis points in Q3. It was about 1,200 basis points in Q4. And so I think there -- some of that, I think the Q3 benefited from pent-up demand. And so I think we're seeing some normalization from that dynamic. And as we get into 2021, we expect -- we do have a very healthy clinical visit growth rate projected and continued strong growth, but I think just recognizing that we had some step-ups here in the demand that, I think, is driving us. The 900 to 1,000 premium, we think, is an excellent premium and I think would position us very well for strong growth moving forward. But those are some of the factors we built in.
Brian McKeon: Yes, without getting to specifics on projections, because we're not going to be doing quarterly projections, and there's going to be a lot of noise in the quarters, as you know, Nate, maybe we had the beginning of COVID in Q1 and more meaningful impacts in Q2, and so things like the rebound in Q3, so I think year-over-year, the quarters are going to be a little bumpy. But directionally, yes. I think we're expecting that higher level of growth in the first half. And given the year-over-year step-up in growth, more moderate growth rates in the second half is what's implied in our guidance range. And so we'll see how the world -- the markets play out. It's still a very dynamic environment, as you might imagine, to try to forecast them. There's a lot of unknowns here just with the -- how the pandemic plays out and how those factors evolve as, hopefully, people get back to work and lives get back to normal. But I think that directionally, that's how we're thinking about it.
Brian McKeon: Well, just to start, to your last point, Jon, I think you've got high CAG recurring diagnostic revenue growth. That's a very good dynamic for our business from a profit point of view and a gross profit expansion point of view. And so that is, clearly, a key driver of our performance in recent years and particularly in 2020. Just in terms of dynamics going into 2021, we do anticipate some investments in areas like lab capacity. We're trying to keep up with the very strong growth that we've seen. I'd point out that 2020 was an unusual year in that we -- early on, when we really didn't know how this was going to play out, we erred on the side, I would say, of caution and just been very tight with our costs controls last year and wanted to ensure that we had a healthy business model and asked people to make sacrifices. There were a lot that went into that. And so we're trying to reflect that we've got year-over-year compares here to a year that we had a high level of cost control, and we're going to have some investments that are coming back across the business, and we expect to try to highlight there's going to be things like health care costs and perhaps travel costs and things like that, that come back later in the year and as well as just trying to reengage and investing in areas that we held the line on in 2020 and had very high growth. So we've noted things like international commercial expansion as an area that we want to lean in. We want to continue to support our R&D agenda. And so the number of areas that are all aligned with our organic growth strategy that we're intending to support it, and that's reflected in our intent to have moderate operating margin gains on top of very strong performance. So we're committed to building on the performance but recognizing that we have some pent-up demand here, if you will, for investments in the business.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So I would just add to that. The logic of our guidance is linked to the market data. So we are optimistic about the outlook that the benefits will sustain. And I think Brian aptly painted the parameters of that. What we're seeing is we're seeing more pets in the marketplace. We're seeing those are driving more clinical visits, including first-time clinical visits with first-time pet parents. And veterinarians are providing more medical services beyond just the first time clinical visits. And medical services are enabled by diagnostics. You have to first diagnose before you treat. So it's a – I think it's a very healthy backdrop. And as Brian said, it is still a dynamic environment, and we'll see how it plays out.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So we've grown Q4 placements over Q3, Q3 over Q2. The clinics, we did see some initial restrained access to the clinics early on in the pandemic, and they have these, along with social distancing policies in effect. We're still modestly impacted by that. The other thing to keep in mind is that the clinics themselves are really busy. There's just a lot of -- there's a lot of patient traffic through the clinics. So in those cases, they may not -- they may desire an instrument or a new suite, but don't want to take the time to have to interrupt practice and retrain. So, there's some headwinds connected with that. But overall, I think that our customers are responding very favorably to instruments that could help them with both capacity and productivity as well as practicing better medicine.
Jay Mazelsky: So, let me try to frame this up, Jon. So, there's a number of different factors that I think are driving growth. First off, there's more pets. We've talked about that and the majority being puppies and kittens, and that clearly has an impact. It's hard to get your arms around exactly what that impact is, but we provided some guidance in the past. Then there's more clinical visits even beyond the new pets. And for these clinical visits, we know that there's more clinical visits that are being used to provide medical services that include both higher use and intensity of diagnostics. And I think to your point, that's the piece that we can control through innovation and our commercial strategies and customer-friendly marketing program. So, that's where our focus is on being able to really drive that awareness and education and adoption by the veterinary customer to deliver better medical care. And I think we've provided some ranges in terms of what that looks like. And it's a very healthy market backdrop, and that's where our focus is.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So, just to answer, so that 10% was new pet clinical growth versus new total pet growth in the marketplace and we think that, that's a healthy dynamic because they initially come into the practice as puppies and kittens. They make their initial checkup, which includes diagnostic tests. And to speak to your second point, the two are really related. If we do our job well with Preventive Care programs and other programs that those puppies and kittens as they become dogs and cats, continue to get care on an annual basis or twice a year. So, we think it's a healthy dynamic and plays into our strengths, both as a commercial and marketing strategy. The programs we actually have in place are ideally suited to drive that. So, if you think about the Preventive Care program that we have 4,800-plus customers enroll in that, that's a great example of a driver of medical services and, in turn, diagnostics usage. So, our programs are geared towards driving education and adoption of both wellness and non-wellness type care and testing. So we think we're very aligned, and we think it's a trend that we can sustain, and that's the plan to be able to do that.
Jay Mazelsky: So I think that's the last question. I want to thank everybody for calling in. I know we have some employees who are also on the call. And I just want to express my gratitude for their extraordinary performance during these challenging times. We run the company in a way that takes a long-term view of the opportunities ahead of us while still delivering today. I couldn't be more appreciative of the IDEXX team and the purpose, which animates our work. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
