Brian McKeon: Thanks for the question, Chris. Maybe I can provide a little clarity on the numbers upfront and then turn it over to Jay to talk about the dynamics. We mentioned that clinical visits were relatively softer than we expected in the U.S. in the first quarter. On our last call, we had talked -- we did anticipate some weather impacts, but I think we were expecting the flattening trends that we've been planning for to emerge. And the trends coming out of the quarter were down about 1.5% versus prior year and so that was relatively softer. I would highlight internationally, we had a very good quarter. The underlying volume growth was -- continues to make progress building on what we saw in H2. So this is relatively more of a U.S. specific issue. And we did highlight, I think there are ongoing staffing challenges, capacity challenges that the practices are working through, but there may also be some impact here in the margin related to broader consumer impacts that could be impacting demand. But I'll let Jay talk to those. 
Brian McKeon: Well, I'll take a moment to just try to help with some of the first half to second half bridging. So you obviously have our Q1 results. And in my comments, I highlighted our expectations around Q2, the organic growth of 6% to 8.5%.  What we're assuming in the Q2 outlook at midpoint is that we've assumed clinical visit trends similar to what we saw exiting in March. So that's the minus 1.5%. We don't comment on in-quarter trends just highlighting what we're planning in Q2. And if you take the midpoint outlook with our Q1 results, that would apply approximately 7% organic growth in the first half. The second half would imply approximately 9% organic growth. We have some positive factors that we highlighted. One is we'll have a half days overall equivalent days benefit largely flowing through in Q3 that we noted. We'll have some select other factors that are favorable to us. We should see better lapping dynamics in areas like LPD. We're targeting higher growth in our software business. So those will be positive as well. And we do have an assumption at midpoint for relatively flattening U.S. clinical visit trends and we see a number of factors that support that assumption that I know Jay can touch on. 
Brian McKeon: Sure. To your point, we feel very good about the start that we had in terms of the profit performance and the gross margin performance. We sustained our outlook despite taking down the high end organic growth outlook. So I think that just reflects some of the underlying operational execution benefits that we're getting and our confidence in the ability to deliver solid operating margin gains this year. I think there are some select dynamics we noted, instrument costs being lower in Q1. Some of that is sort of an outflow of the pandemic supply chain impacts that have been alleviating. So we saw a relatively more benefit in Q1 than we will expect to see over time through the year. But I think for the most part, the performance is reinforcing the outlook that we had this year for solid comparable operating margin gains and I think reinforces that we can deliver strong financial performance as we work through some of the near-term macro dynamics that we've been highlighting. 
Brian McKeon: And Mike, I'd just reinforce, I think we've consistently demonstrated the ability to grow -- continue to grow solidly and deliver strong financial performance. And so even as we work through kind of the growth off of the higher base that was established post the pandemic and through some of the more recent kind of macro dynamics that we've been highlighting, I think we will continue to find a way to advance our growth agenda, invest behind those things that are important while continuing to deliver strong financial results. So we remain committed to that and we would build a strong track record to support that outlook. 
Brian McKeon: What we -- I think we've laid out our outlook for this year and our assumptions to reinforce, we expect approximately 5% price improvement this year, and that supports the operating margin outlook that we shared today and the strong comparable EPS growth as we invest in advancing our R&D agenda, we highlighted we're investing more there and we're excited about what's going to come. So we're confident in our financial outlook that we shared today. 
Brian McKeon: Yes. And Jon, just to reinforce Jay's point, I think we align our pricing with the value we were delivering on the underlying inflationary dynamics that we're seeing. And we'll continue to factor that in. And our outlook is consistent with what we shared earlier for 2024, which is approximately 5% net price realization globally. 
Brian McKeon: Jon, can you just clarify your first question? I just wanted to follow what you were trying to get at when you said -- was it a full year question you're asking? Yes, just trying to clarify what... 
Brian McKeon: It's obviously a broader set of considerations, but I think directionally, your point is valid, which is -- if trends continue to be softer, that would be a factor that could be leading us towards the lower end. 
Brian McKeon: Look, I look forward to sharing more. As we get closer to launch, we'll maintain the approach that we've used in the past that -- we'll share that when we we're closer to commercial launch. We're very excited about the inVue advancing and that's on track. And as you know, will contribute directly, and we'll have a lot of multiplier benefits to our business. And I know our sales force is very excited about that, and we are too. And we continue to advance our second platform. And we'll share more on that over time, and we see that as also being an additive driver for our business over time. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, sure. The way I think about it is both from a customer standpoint, meaning the veterinarian and then the consumer or the pet owner standpoint. And we know that pet owners continue to prioritize spend for healthcare services and general spend on their pets vis-a-vis other priorities, be it building out the dinner, entertainment, travel, that sort of thing. When we -- the conversation we're having with customers is largely very positive. They're very positive on the outlook. They continue to invest in their practices. We see that from a technology standpoint, very significant increase we saw in placements of 8%. We're seeing it in software, new practice formation. So I think customers continue to be optimistic on the outlook for the animal health industry as a whole, and this continues to remain both a durable and resilient sector. To Brian's point, we do see some ongoing staffing challenges that the practices have been working through. They see IDEXX as a partner from both a technology and solution standpoint and being able to help them. And we also potentially recognize the cumulative macro impacts which may be affecting visit trends at the margin. We have a lot -- from our approach and standpoint and orientation, we really focus on those things that we can control. We have a lot of confidence in the operational execution of our commercial teams and the product development teams from an innovation standpoint. And I think on those dimensions, we're really very positive and hitting on all cylinders. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Great. I mean, from our perspective, there's a couple of things that I would highlight. One is that the clinical diagnostics revenue growth rates have continued to remain strong. We saw that in Q1 at 5%, actually higher than total practice revenue growth, which is a little bit over 3%, we continue to see healthy diagnostics frequency and utilization. So those metrics continue to remain strong. And it gets back to my earlier message on we see practices continuing to invest. They're investing in technology. They're investing in their staff. We know they're becoming more productive. We think tools like Vello, which is our client engagement software application will be a big help. It integrates very tightly with IDEXX's PIM systems. It enables a reduction in no-shows, which we know is a productivity drag on practices, and we think there will be benefits over time in terms of uplift to diagnostics. So we're doing our part in partnering with clinics, and we think over time, that will play out positively. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. I would point to a couple of things. One is, as you highlighted, our innovation agenda, the innovation portfolio we have, I think, is very strong. It consists really across the portfolio. From a point-of-care standpoint, obviously, we plan to begin shipping inVue in Q4. We think that, that has both a direct and indirect leverage impact on the overall business. I think our menu offering for the reference lab has never been stronger and growing. We expanded fecal antigen. We know that, that's an important preventive care screening test that really sort of builds out the overall menu [indiscernible] which is acute kidney injury and our overall -- supporting our overall renal franchise menu has been very well received in the overall sector. And then software, which has the twofer of not only being a great individual vertical business, but also the leverage and impact -- positive impact, it has on diagnostics as a whole. I think our commercial execution continues to really be at a very high level. We see some benefits internationally where quarter on quarter on quarter, we've really seen some nice growth. I think that the investments we've made have been paying off in individual country and regions. So we saw nice performance in EMEA, for example. And I think it's just continuing to support our customers as they work through the dynamics we've highlighted. And we have confidence really in the attractiveness of the underlying demand that pet owners are generating and what the practices are doing around retaining staff and training them and seeking productivity and we think over time those trends, those clinical visit trends will improve. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. They've been -- customers, in general, have been very enthusiastic about the product itself. They like the fact that it addresses very high-volume, time-consuming critical use cases within the practice, either cytology and blood morphology. One of the things that customers continue to tell us is they know they should be doing more blood morphologies that they're doing just as part of a complete CBC or hematology workup. And now they feel like they're going to be able to do it because it just makes a lot of sense. And so they're looking forward to it. And we think the awareness level is increasing and that they see this as really a worthy extension of our overall point-of-care VetLab suite. We're also just -- I would just remind folks that as part of the overall suite, we have a next generation of our VetLab Station, the IVLS station that provides workflow optimization and benefits, and we send that to customers, too, and they're very enthusiastic about that as a whole. So really excited. I think that description, as I've laid it out, fits across both journalists within practice specialists, corporate accounts are also enthusiastic about it. I think it gets to some of the questions and the discussion we've had this morning around how do we continue to support the productivity of the practice, which at least addresses the dimension of staff retention and optimization. And I think this fits a bill on both the productivity and capacity front as well as the clinical medical front. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, we've always said, and I think it's still true now that the very competitive landscape, I would say that on a global basis, not just in our largest market, the U.S. And the -- what we focus on, obviously, is being able to support our customers, be they independent practices or corporate with a full end-to-end suite at the point of care -- patient reference labs and increasingly software. We're pleased with the progress we've made provisionally in terms of advancing the overall solutions. What customers tell us is they like the integrated nature of what we provide. They see that as a differentiator or a set of differentiators relative to our competitors, and that includes being able to take software and tie it all together that supports the workflow as they want to practice within the environment. We think that Vello, which is our client engagement application takes that really to the next level in terms of being able to help them digitally communicate indirect with pet owners as a whole. We also are enthusiastic about new practice formation as I've indicated in my remarks where we continue to do well there, new practices, see IDEXX as a partner to be able to help them get those practices off to a strong start, and it's been an area of focus for us. So overall, I think our commercial agenda continues to advance nicely. Obviously, we're pretty transparent in terms of placements, new and competitive and how we're doing on that front, both within the U.S. and internationally, and we're doing well. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So a couple of questions there. The inVue from a focused standpoint, obviously, the IDEXX customers who already enjoy our VetLab suite, our obvious customers from targeting or focus standpoint, we know they'll fit right in with their workflow and already partnership they have with IDEXX. We saw that -- by the way, we saw that with SediVue, where the mix of SediVue sales, at least initially were more focused on existing IDEXX customers. So it was a great entree into competitive accounts and opportunity to give us a fresh look, which then we leverage down the road with chemistry and hematology and other solutions. In terms of fine needle aspirate, all we've said at this point is it's next. We're working hard at it. We know customers are very enthusiastic about fine needle aspirate and the ability to really expand a set of cancer diagnostics, which is important to their clients and great practice of medicine. And we'll talk more about that as we get closer. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Let me -- Jon, I'll take that. The -- we obviously don't control in pricing to the [indiscernible] that's up to practices and veterinarians. So lot of things factor into that. They're investing in their staff. We think that's a good thing when they retain their staff and really upscale the fellows who are supporting pet owners, that's a long-term driver and a point of stability within practices. And I think coming out of the pandemic, that was a real challenge for them. We continue to get back to when we have conversations with practices and customers, they're optimistic. They see some of the challenges around capacity alleviating over time. They continue to invest heavily in the business with technology, we think pricing -- their pricing helps them do that. From our standpoint, we always, from a pricing standpoint, look to maintain a good equilibrium of value for what we deliver. We continue to provide parameters and biomarkers like Cystoisospora, Cystatin B, no additional charge. So those are included in existing panels that obviously help them on the value end of the equation. But we acknowledge that the cumulative macro impacts at the margin may be affecting some pet owners. 
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. From an industry profession side, what customers tell us and what we see is that the staffing churn has largely stabilized. Coming out of the pandemic, I think there was a lot of challenges and the veterinarian pet owners responded by, I think, increasing salary and benefits and cutting back some hours. So those impacts, I think, have largely stabilized. I think practices to the extent that they were able to hire more, have hired more, in some cases, they've instituted training, more internal training programs and have taken those sort of steps.  They've also, as I mentioned earlier, invested more in technology. I think they're just far more receptive around technology, software, equipment, use of our reference labs that helps them save time. Sometimes it may be 10 minutes, 15 minutes per procedure, but on the other hand, cumulatively, that matters, that I think can be highly worthwhile. 
Jay Mazelsky: What we see is it really increases over time even with the young adult dog. So there's obviously a lot of visits, puppies and kittens. And then as they become young adult cats and dogs that both healthcare services, there's a very modest dip, but generally, healthcare services and diagnostics as both an absolute dollar amount and proportion expands. And then there's -- it grows or accelerates even more quickly as they get into the adult and geriatric stage.  So our focus has been able to -- is really on accelerating that through all life stages, including young adults or things like wellness testing and exams. But it does go up over time. It's just not linear through the different stages. Okay. And with that, we'll now conclude the Q&A portion of the call. Thank you for all your questions and for participating this morning. I'll finish today's call by reiterating that IDEXX is committed to the significant multi-decade opportunity to increase the standard of care for Companion Animal Healthcare diagnostics utilization. IDEXX's organic growth strategy is helping lead the development of our sector, and we look forward to continued high execution against our growth initiatives supported by teams from across the organization. Our growth outlook for 2024 builds off decades of investments in business capabilities that we have made and reflects ongoing sector development and financial results aligned to our long-term framework. And now, we'll end the call. Thank you. 
