Jon Ayers: Yes, I’d say we’re probably 1% lower pet visit growth than we had in our plan, which has, of course, been made up for with growth that we’ve manufactured through our strategies of innovation. I think it’s hard that to say, it really does follow the normal consumer trends around North America and indeed around the world. Obviously, Asia really unaffected by, other than Japan with the temporary issues of regarding the tsunami. Europe is a little bit diverse market and every country is a little bit different. But it’s a market that’s showing the same growth for our businesses as we’re seeing in North America. And of course the exception there would be, our Livestock and Poultry Diagnostics business, which is predominantly close to 90% of those revenues are outside U.S. and obviously they are doing very well in Europe.Nicholas James – Raymond James and Associates: All right, thanks a lot. Great quarter guys.  
Jon Ayers: Yes, I’d say, when you say installed base, I assume you mean that the market as a whole.Ryan Daniels – William Blair and Company: Yes, overall market.
Jon Ayers: Yeah, it’s not within the next 12 months and I’d say it’s not outside 24 months. It’s a little hard to predict. There are not particular time frames, and we just have to see, but we are going through that process.Ryan Daniels – William Blair and Company: Okay, thanks, and great quarter guys.
Jon Ayers: Primarily, looking at the distributor number, one thing is we just had, if you look for the company as a whole, we had great organic growth in the Livestock and Poultry Diagnostics business in the first half of the year. And we had some actually good growth in second of last year. So, we are going to lap ourselves there. So that the organic growth will – while it’s a tough business to predict, we would see a significant drop in its growth in the second half of the year. So, it’s one contributing factor.
Jon Ayers: Yeah. And just I know you know this Miroslava, but just to remind investors the general Livestock and Poultry is about 8% of our business and instruments is I don’t have the exact percentage, but probably not that different. So, really these are refinements around the mean.
Jon Ayers: Well, we see sort of a steady progression in the operating margin growth in the reference lab over really the next five years. And as we just continued to implement the productivity initiatives, and of course, get the benefit of volume leverage, you mentioned links, which is really hasn’t – it’s a very small percentage of our company today, but it will be in the vast majority of the worldwide, it will be operating in the vast majority of the reference lab business in the next three years or so. So, that’s really a factor that’s going to be a one that goes forward. And links not only has significant productivity benefits, but also gives us a great deal of more information to be able to serve the customer in the way that we provide diagnostic results. It kind of eliminates a lot of constraint that we had with historical lens systems. So, it’s also introduction of new technologies in line, some of which is just technologies that we can adopt and some of which that comes with volume leverage in the larger labs. It’s continuing to take advantage of a hub and spoke core and day lab network to optimize where those tests are run from a both customer service level and a cost standpoint. And so we think there is significant steady progress opportunity.
Jon Ayers: Yes, it’s hard to really look at it that way because sometimes we’re putting day lab into an existing market that we’re already serving and we’re just increasing the service level and maybe increasing the number of customers. But it’s already they serve existing customers too. So, it’s not like a Starbucks or something we put one in and we got a new store with sales and we can measure that versus the same-store sales growth. It’s not the way that we look at the business. We more look at the business in terms really new customers versus existing customers and growth in their testing volume, maybe the core volume and what they’re adding in terms of specialized tests. We find that those are more helpful metrics. And what we’re seeing is, at least in the U.S. market, where I think we have better data, is very consistent with what we see our Cornerstone data. We cannot strip out all the factors, price, growth in number of customers and growth in the utilization of specialized tests, the core volume, there is no growth in it and that’s very consistent with the Cornerstone data.
Jon Ayers: Again that’s a good question. In fact, what we are really looking at first and foremost is disease states and then the core R&D work is actually that we are finding the biomarker is worked that has to happen, whether you’re going to go with the in-house system or on the reference lab and even in-house it could be on an instrument and it could be a standalone test kit like a SNAP and the answer is all of the above. So, that’s a core area of R&D for us. We think there are areas that can benefit from additional diagnostics biomarkers and it’s going to improve all of our offerings by doing so and expand the market and expand the opportunity to find and monitor and treat diseases. So, we think again those are good investments to make.Ross Taylor – C. L. King: Okay. Thanks very much. Thank you.
Jon Ayers: And Jon, I know you know this, but of course, another dynamic in the first half and the second half is ending the second quarter with a little bit higher distributor inventories than we would typically see at a quarter end, and of course, that helps to reset earnings growth and hurts a little bit the second half earnings growth. So another factor.
Jon Ayers: Thank you. And yes, that is a very astute observation. It’s a correct observation when you do the adjustments. We are seeing about 2% growth in the first half of this year when we saw negative growth last year. And it is all of what you mentioned. Of course, we introduced in the second quarter a new snap, snap for feline pancreatitis called SNAP fPL. And I think one of the things that a new SNAP 1 which was really asked for by our customers, once they understood what we could do for pancreatitis in the dog and what we could do in the lab. They said, look, we’d like to have something for the cat in house. And whenever you have a new SNAP, I think it’s reason to go in and talk to customers about it and sell the whole snap line, people like to have new products come in. But we have also done a really good job, I think, in the core canine parasitic disease market and just continuing to be price competitive. We’re seeing some price erosion in the core heartworm test, but we’re doing very well with the volume. So it’s all the above. But, one thing that’s not helping us is, I think maybe one thing is helping us is on the canine side, we’re just seeing a little bit better year-over-year growth in pet visits versus 2010, but we’re not seeing that on the feline side. The diversions between growth of canine and feline vet visits, we saw that divergences, that divergences is continuing, so the feline pet visit side is not helping the equation.
Jon Ayers: I think we had a – if you look at the kind of the core areas of our R&D or technology competence, I would say to the previous question diagnostic assays, instrument systems and information technology in general. And so one of areas that Merilee talked about I was very pleased is the real momentum that we have with Cornerstone that which of course itself is a software offering that not only runs the practice from a business point of view, but kind of again very similar and somewhat synergistic with real-time care. The adoption of electronic medical records is another significant trend that is being the pets are realizing more and more not only gives them significant productivity benefits, but also improves the pet owner experience. So, that’s just one of set of opportunities we see to grow the business by investing in information technology and related products and services that either supplement our existing offerings or provide new offerings. And I don’t think that’s really changed, I think it just gets more attractive everyday with the general trends that are happening within technology.Erin Wilson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jon Ayers: Yes, thank you. We really see opportunities in all of our markets whether they are North American or international, although of course Canada is an international market from the U.S. perspective. And Europe, Asia, it’s – we think it’s a leveragable business model. We are global player already and so it’s really just – it’s continuing to invest in growing that global footprint.
Jon Ayers: Well, I think it’s first of all – you’ve got the list price and then you got the discounts to customers off that list. And so I’d say it’s a – we are realizing a little bit of price in the reference lab business as Marilee mentioned, but it is a very, very competitive market. And I think everyday it’s a little bit more competitive. So, I’d say, kin of hardly answer that question. I’d say we have to compete to grow our business. We have to be price competitive. We think we have a superior lab offering, but we still have to be very price competitive. When somebody doesn’t use our lab, it’s hard to convince them. We have superior lab offering, we have to get them to start using us and in order to do so we have to be price competitive.
Merilee Raines: Yeah. And Miroslava as regards to our thinking about the economy as we look forward in the year, I think that based on the fact that we just haven’t really seen any movements so far in the first half of the year that we kind of tampered down our thinking about any kind of help from the economy over the course of the year. So, I think if things do pickup at all, it will be decent. It will be good news for us and some upside.
Merilee Raines: Yeah, Miroslava, I would just say, as I look at it – first half versus second half. When we look at organic growth for the company overall adjusted for the distributor inventory dynamics and assuming that the distributor inventories will come down in the second half, then the organic growth rate would be exactly the same for first and second half. And as I had indicated, I think that what we will see is that the components of organic growth, what makes up that total will be a little bit different between the first and second half. And that we will see a lesser contribution from Livestock and Poultry Diagnostics and offset by somewhat higher contribution from instruments, but overall, very, very consistent organic growth between first and second half.
Merilee Raines: Yeah, I think that’s right. I mean also part of the growth here too is information technology investment and some of that is as we’ve talked about with our laboratory information management systems and whatnot. Some of these things, Jon, we had expected would tick up in the second half of the year anyway, and I think in addition to that over and above where we see some really good momentum in some of these areas, we just felt that it was appropriate to kind of turn up the gas in spending and really capitalize on that momentum.
