Brian McKeon: Thanks for the question, Mike. Just on the first part, that's correct. So we had approximately a 4% increase in the US and worldwide in the first half and the 1.5% to 2%, we anticipate it will be an incremental worldwide benefits, so that would imply 5.5% to 6% for the second half. I'll let Jay talk to the customer dimension.
Brian McKeon: So Mike, why don't I walk you through kind of how we're thinking about the outlook analytically and can try to link that back to the underlying sector trends. But just as a grounding, in Q2, the clinical visits year-on-year were down 3%. The revenue per clinical visit was very strong. It was up 8.5%, and that's very positive indicator we think we can build on. But I think the clinical visit levels, as you pointed out, were down relatively to Q1. And we're, I would say, modestly softer than that at the end of the quarter. So as we looked at the midpoint for the second half, if you take the 7.5% midpoint on CAG Dx recurring, there's a days headwind of 1% in Q3. So if we normalize for that, that's 8%. And then if you back off the 1.5% to 2% incremental pricing, it comes up to 6% to 6.5%. So we're basically forecasting that the underlying trends in the sector coming out of Q2 are similar in the second half and that we get incremental benefit from pricing. And the underlying assumptions there are that we're still working through the pullback in capacity that occurred with Fed plans earlier this year. As I mentioned in my comments, there was a big step up from Q1 2020 to Q1 2021, 13%, that's sustained throughout 2021. And then we saw about a 2% pullback in the average visit level in the first half of the year. So that is something that given just ongoing staffing challenges, we think we're still going to be working through that this year. And we're still working through the very strong demand compares to the step-up last year, including the benefits from the pet population expansion. So -- to the latter part of your question, we do think we'll be working through those headwinds through this year, and those should improve, those specific factors should improve as we head into 2023, but we're trying to be realistic on kind of just the near-term trends and the headwinds given the dynamics that we continue to see through Q2, and we think that's prudently reflected in our outlook.
Brian McKeon: Yes, Chris, thanks for your question. The adjustment that we made is principally to reflect the more recent trends we're seeing both in the US and in Europe, principally around the visit trends. I think our execution levels have remained quite strong. We feel good about that. I think the underlying revenue per visit utilization dynamics, as you can see in the metrics are holding up well. And we think we can build on that. But the adjustment is principally to reflect the more recent trends, which were more aligned with the lower end of the outlook. Going back to our earlier guidance, we had talked about the lower end reflecting that some of the pressures continue, and that's what we've -- on visits, and that's what we've seen through the second quarter, and we think we're adjusting for that appropriately. I think we're reflecting in the full range that there's some opportunity for improvement in the second half. I think that to Jay's point, I think there's underlying demand that we believe is out there. And that the clinics can adapt and improve the capacity dynamics, I think that could be a positive factor. And of course, we're trying to highlight that there's some potential for additional macro risk that's more difficult to calibrate, but I think we're cognizant that, that could be a factor as well. So on balance, I think we think we're appropriately adjusting the outlook and reflecting the more recent trends.
Brian McKeon: Jon, I am trying to follow your math, but I think that we're not signaling a fundamental compression in the underlying kind of growth in excess of kind of visit levels, excluding kind of price changes. I think we've got a benefit this year. We're roughly 1,100 basis point premium in the US in the first half with 4% pricing that would imply kind of closer to the higher end of that 900 to 1,000 basis point range that we saw pre-pandemic. And our outlook for the year underlying it, we're not specifically forecasting clinical visit growth, but it's more of the trends that we saw coming out of Q2 would imply consistently high levels, and we're not trying to signal compression on that front. So I think we're -- that's something that we need to continue to execute well against. I think that can be impacted by consumer factors at the margin. So I don't want to say that those are things that we're not considering, but I think our midpoint outlook signals that we think we can continue to deliver well on that front and get some additional benefit from some pricing and that will support our solid full year numbers and second half numbers.
Brian McKeon: Yeah. And Jon, it's principally the swing in the clinical visit growth. I mean, we're growing 3% and declining 3% in Q3. So that's 600 basis points. I mean, I think our underlying execution and delivery has been quite good. And -- but -- and the swing in that is, as we mentioned, two factors. It's the pullback in the clinic capacity after a significant period of expansion and retroactive clinics couldn't sustain. And I think we believe can adapt to that over time. And I think that we've got -- we are lapping some of the step-up in the -- the big step-up in demand we saw in the pandemic, including the benefits from the patient expansion. So I think for 2022, that's kind of the key factor that we've been working through. That's the key adjustment in our full year outlook this year. We, obviously, had to make some changes. And this is the change in trend from the second half of 2021, but that's change in the visit level is the clinical visit growth levels is the key difference in terms of where we.
Brian McKeon: It is reflective of the overall inflationary environment. So I think that that's a broader factor that I think everyone in the industry is dealing with.
Brian McKeon: Yes, to your point, to your question, visibility internationally. So we don't have the same size PIMS installed base across the different regions. So we don't have that type of pinpoint accuracy we do in North America. I would say that we're seeing similar trends based on other data. I think it's a reflection of some of the same capacity, challenges in the practices because we know during the pandemic, we saw the same pet boom in countries like the UK, Germany, Australia, what have you. I think the overall factor we see internationally, specifically in Europe is we do see some of the macro impacts that does impact reference labs more so than point-of-care, not surprisingly, there's not as big a wellness or preventive care business internationally, but there -- it's probably 20% or so of the visits, and that's primarily a reference lab modality. So we do see some headwinds connected to that.
Brian McKeon: Okay. And with that, I'd like to thank everybody on the phone for their participation this morning and to IDEXX employees listening, I'd like to just say thank you for your continued devotion to our purpose on wavering, engagement, enable us to continuously execute at a very high level and support our customers despite the unpredictable and evolving dynamics in our sector and around the world. Thankful for your excellent effort and look forward to continuing our strong momentum through the rest of 2022. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So qualitatively, as Brian indicated, the price increase was really, I think, a reflection of higher costs of running the business. And to your question around pet owner pushback, we don't think that, that's been a driver to date. In fact, pet owners have traditionally prioritized pet health care spend relative to other things. It's a small percentage of total consumable consumer expenditures. So it's a relatively small piece. And we know the human pet owner demand has been strong and growing, and we don't expect that to change.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. The other thing I would add to that, Mike, is if you take a look at the net expansion in the number of pets visits in the pandemic. I mean there's -- I think there's some evidence that there's a potential underserved demand given this 10% growth. If you take a look at just extrapolate out the 2% to 3% clinical visit trend. We saw pre-pandemic and add in the number of pets, the clinical visits should be higher just based on pet population. So I think as profession works through some of the capacity constraints that we've talked about, I think the -- we'll see a recovery from there.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. Let me just maybe directly address your question around geographic balance. So we've done a number of different surveys, both in the US and Germany is our largest country in Europe. And what we're seeing is the majority of veterinarians indicate that stack capacity is a major or moderate issue. Not to say the macro effects, especially in Europe, we're seeing some impact from that primarily more so on the reference labs than in-clinic testing. And not surprising when you consider some of the factors that our European sector and regions are dealing with in terms of inflation and energy and the Ukraine-Russian war is much closer to them.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning. Erin, thanks for the question. Yeah, I think we're in a much stronger position than we were back in 2008, 2009 on a couple of, I think, very important dimensions. Our sales channel, we worked through distributors over a decade ago. And now we have a direct presence in 99% plus from a revenue standpoint. So we have those direct relationships with customers, our portfolio from an innovation standpoint is much more robust across the board, both reference labs, in-clinic software, for example. So I think we offer veterinarians a lot more tools and technology to help manage their practices. I think if anything, that had on our pet bond has grown and is stronger than it was a decade ago. And I think the industry itself, the profession itself is more sophisticated in managing through cycles. I think they're they have adopted a number of, I think, business practices, whether it's individual practices or the corporately owned practices in terms of managing care. So I think we're overall in a much stronger position than we were.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. So from an innovation standpoint, I think we've never been more productive. If you look out over the last couple of years and the type of innovations really across the board from instrumentation, testing, services, software. So if you take a look at the instrumentation piece, ProCyte One has just been an incredible success our customers, I think, have responded exceptionally well to it. They love the fact that it's very easy to use. The performance is very high, and it's priced from an economic standpoint, in the sweet spot of the marketplace. So we've seen really dramatic uptake in our international regions, which is not surprising. A lot of those countries or regions are hematology first marketplaces. And the nice thing about hematology is it's hard to do. It's really hard to do well, and there's a multiplier impact. Typically, we sell with chemistry increasingly with SediVue, as part of in-clinic suites. And then on the software front, I think we're all familiar with the challenges that practices are facing from a workflow and staff productivity and client communication standpoint. So I think practices, which have traditionally relied on on-premise software solutions are looking at contemporary cloud-based solutions as a way to address some of those challenges, and we've seen really rapid uptake in our cloud-based PIMS portfolio, whether it's ezyVet or deal or Anima [ph] in some of our country and regions internationally. From a testing standpoint, we continue to -- as I mentioned in my remarks for reference labs, we've had a number of important introductions over the last couple of months and especially in fecal antigen with flea tapeworms expanding the portfolio for that. It's a fast-growing, I think very important franchise that we have, takes five times -- is up to five times as much compared to flotation or O&P. So it's an important part of the overall reference labs because customers, when they use preventive care panels, it fecals a piece of it, but an important piece of it. So a lot of the I think testing is either anchored or driven by the need for fecal. So overall, we're very excited. We're excited by the in-licensing agreements that we struck and we'll continue to provide updates on that over time, including at Investor Day. So look forward to being able to talk more about that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yeah. Jon, this was across consumables and reference not capital, and it was a -- primarily a US driven change.
Jay Mazelsky: Good morning, Ryan. We see pretty much across the board, whether it's independent practices or corporate practices, an incredible hunger for those type of IT tools, not just systems, but PIM systems, which provide the pinner-engagement modules, which allow them for – yes, if you take a step back, about 15%, what practice owners tell us, about 15% of their staff time is focused on just that patient intake piece and administration of the patient. And a lot of that can be automated. A lot of that could be done virtually like it's done in other industries. So the ability to use and deploy these software tools for client communications, for workflow optimization and every step of the patient visit is a high priority for these practices. And I mean -- and we're seeing that in our software business, where we've seen very rapid growth. And I think historically, practices have been somewhat hesitant to move away from PIM systems because the data and they've been trained on it and they have all the reports on it, but they're willing to make that switch now because they see the benefits of what a modern software suite can bring. So I think that's a -- that's only going to get stronger over time as work to address some of the capacity challenges.
