Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, great. Thank you. It's a big holiday in Europe, Easter four-day holiday, and it was in the first quarter last year and then second quarter this year. So I think the best way to look at Europe is the first half growth and that sort – that normalizes for that. That was 15% recurring revenue growth internationally versus 13% for the U.S. So that's that 200-basis-point delta that we typically see.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Jon, I just want to add to those appropriate comments by Brian. Obviously, the investments in the U.S. organization have generated a very attractive return in accelerating growth of the recurring diagnostic revenue that we've seen in the first half of this year, 13%, and the second quarter being 14%. I think what we're finding is the more we call on customers the faster they adopt our more expanded toolkit of diagnostics, and it turns out when you have more tools you use them more frequently and they find more disease and this is a reinforcing dynamic. And so while it takes a little while for this – it'll take a little bit while for this 12% expansion to settle in, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we've got some very significant productivity initiatives that are already in play, that we're already seeing the benefits from, combined with some additional new product launches with the SDMA on Catalyst, which is going to be very, very big for us in the North America market, even in the global market. And SNAP Fecal which will be very, very big for us in the North American market where Fecal testing is already an established protocol, mostly using in-house microscopy manual method. So we think these are proven to be very attractive ROI investments. But as Brian mentioned, they take a little time to kick in.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Ryan, actually it's a great question and we're seeing our customer grow faster whether they're growing – one of the drivers of reference lab growth is the same-store sales with our customers. As Brian mentioned in his comments that's being driven in part by some of the technologies were being in the market, Fecal antigen testing is really taking off in the reference lab and driving same-store sales growth and 4Dx when customers choose to send that to the lab. We also have some very successful programs to drive the growth in preventive care with our customers, which – and we're going to talk a little bit more about this at the Analyst Day, but the medical justification of running diagnostics in a preventive care across both dogs and cats and all ages is very, very strong and yet still really very, very underutilized. So when our veterinarian – when our diagnostic or veterinary – VDCs, the veterinary diagnostic consultants engage with customers towards advancing a preventative care, we see a very dramatic growth in their usage of IDEXX diagnostics. This is a much higher growth and it really shows they're starting to kick in the gear. And of course, one of our cloud-based offerings, Petly Plans, aids in the adoption of a preventive care plan, which, while it's not necessary can be helpful to growing a preventative care diagnostics in the customer. So, all of these are trends we see were just starting to crack the code on this accelerated utilization, because we have unique tools, they find more disease, it's sort of a virtuous cycle, customers see the success, they see the clinical efficacy, they see that they are raising the standard of care, they're helping pet owners and pets find and treat these disease earlier. Pets are living longer lives and so they want to do more of it. This virtuous cycle with the customers that are IDEXX customers is a very, very positive. And of course, then we're adding new customers that start to enter this virtuous cycle of utilization growth. It all happens over time, but these are enduring growth dynamics for us.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, we have – it's really all of the above. We, of course, support existing products, for example, our – as I mentioned seven cloud-based offerings and our practice information management system, these are software offerings that are continuing to add a functionality. We see the opportunity to leverage cloud technology with our client-server applications over time. So in the software area, it's not – it's new, but it's also really expansion and growing the value of that entire ecosystem and how it works together seamlessly to drive very, very attractive clinical and financial outcomes for our customers. Of course, we've got the new products that we've announced SDMA on the slide, which is going to be really big for us and we're right on track for the launch at the end of the year. And then SNAP Fecal, which will be – the SNAP Fecal will be the most significant product launch since 3Dx in 2002. And as I mentioned in my comments, 15 years later, we're still seeing growth in vector-borne disease testing. These are very, very long-enduring cycles and so we're going to start a whole – another long-enduring cycle with the SNAP Fecal. Of course, we have other things in our pipeline that we haven't discussed yet because in many cases, these are a multiyear development efforts. But I'm going to tell you, what our commercial organization is very busy with our current and projected offerings. In some cases, Ryan, we have to hold things back. And so let me just give you an example. We have a great new test on Catalyst called CRP. This is an inflammatory marker, chemistry marker. We launched in Europe because the European market appreciates – certain countries in the European market appreciate the benefit of CRP. The U.S. market is completely uneducated on CRP. We haven't even launched it in the U.S. We don't want to – we're going to launch it eventually, but we just don't want to try to do too many things and each of them half done. And so, we are not gated by new – the innovation, we're more gated by the commercialization.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thank you. As I've mentioned, it's a 12% expansion and the vast majority of that is reducing the number of customers that a rep is servicing and thus increasing the intensity of the calls, creating a stronger relationship. So that involves some territory reconfiguration and about 8% of our accounts will therefore have a new rep. Sometimes they're just – they're an existing rep, but they're new to that portion of the territory and of course other times it's a rep that's new to IDEXX. As we've done with the expansion in 2015, the added reps are very highly experienced and occasionally they also come from the very territory with some other animal health OEM. But it does take time to learn our product line and it does take time to get settled in and we typically see that's going to be a quarter of investment and then they start to sort of begin to pay for themselves in the second quarter, but then we have a long period as they grow their relationships and their competency, where we see growing productivity. But of course, we also have the benefit of ongoing relationships with the other 92% that aren't changing as a result of this expansion and we will be adding, as part of this expansion, we're adding in the second half year more professional service veterinarians which are highly appreciated by the customer and we've also added more of the field support reps, which are involved in the adoption of these protocol changes. So it's a – we've seen that as we add intensity of coverage, we see very nice response with our customers who adopt diagnostic protocols faster, and it's such a deep market. Everything that suggests it's such a deep market that this has good ROI, Erin. Thank you.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, thank you very much for that comment. We saw really nice customer response to the Neural Network 2.0 software offering, which as you know just gets launched behind the scenes, fully launched in the early part of second quarter. And that continued to advance the diagnostic algorithms. That's not the last one, we're going to have another one in the first quarter of 2018, called Neural Network 3.0 that will continue to leverage the tens of millions of images that we're getting. I would say again everybody wants this to happen faster. We think that urine is underutilized. We know that roughly 50% of the urine that is run on SediVue provides results that are medically significant, meaning, some kinds of observations in the urine that is very medically significant and helps rule in certain types of diseases. That's a very high rate, close to 50%. We ran a free UA day, which we can do because of the pay per run, where they only pay when they run the analyzer. We say when you run the analyzer, this one day, you don't have to pay. And we saw over 600 customers run seven times the amount of urine that they would have run on a normal day. And on the incremental results, we found over a third of those results provided remarkable diagnostic findings. This just shows underutilized urinalysis is. Our current projection is still 3,000 or 4,500 per year in recurring revenue per instrument placement. We hope to grow that gradually over time; we're around 1.1 runs per day on average. Obviously, some customers are higher than that, other customers are lower. But the opportunity to run and the value of running urinalysis is still very, very significant and, of course, SediVue makes it easier to do so. It's one of these protocol changes that allow customers to grow their diagnostic utilization without heavy load on the technician productivity.
Jonathan W. Ayers: There's all sorts of interesting good things that happen and yet they've all happened slowly over time, now when they – when a customer adds SDMA to a Chem CLIP that'll be an incremental roughly $7 for us. And so really the question is to what degree will we see customers adding the SDMA slide to the Chem CLIP over time. And that'll be a gradual thing just like it was with when we launched the T4 on Catalyst and it adds a small amount, but every year it adds – continues to add more and more. And so – but the other thing that we know is that we have a cohort of customers that have our full in house suite including Catalyst, but don't use us for the reference lab, but because they're in a contract they can't get out. But they value SDMA and so we may see a shift towards more full panels being run in-house with this cohort of customers, again these are very difficult things to model, but we're really seeing very nice traction in SDMA being more and more viewed as an essential element of the routine chemistry panel and for those customers that have Catalyst, this will be – but don't – are don't have ready access to our reference labs, this will be a way that they can change to that protocol, so.
Jonathan W. Ayers: That would be $50 million in just Catalyst revenue associated with the SDMA slide, that's our estimate. That doesn't include the multiplier effect of growing utilization or growing the recognition of SDMA, or growing our reference lab or all the other things that we believe this will help.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Don't have that handy, I think that's something we can try to bring some clarity to over time because that obviously has one impact, and the other impact, that's harder predict, is how do people behave. So, I apologize we don't have that specifically...
Jonathan W. Ayers: We don't have that specifically, but that's a – as we continue to work on our PhD and stock share-based compensation impacts, we'll add some of that over time.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, thanks for the comments, Nick. Just to add to that, margin expansion is a good thing, Brian mentioned with our new guidance we'll have 280 to 305 basis points on an adjusted constant currency basis over the combined two-year period, 2016-2017. Margin expansion is a good thing, organic growth is a good thing, accelerating organic growth is a good thing. Some of that comes from incremental investments, of course, that also helps with gross margin expansion. I think it's a very favorable dynamic that we are – that we are working here.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Thank you for those comments. I want to comment that our reference labs are doing very, very well in the U.S. market. A significant portion of that is the same-store sales growth from our customer base. And because they're adopting some of our unique differentiated offerings that aren't available to customers that don't use our reference lab. And this really comes from the fact that our veterinary diagnostic consultants are – their commission is based on territory revenue growth. And that comes from any CAG recurring diagnostic growth including same-store sales and reference labs. And so, we're really seeing a nice growth again in the Fecal antigen area, in the reference lab version of 4Dx and some of the specialty tests. And then, when we add a new customer – oh, by the way that growth also means that customers are adopting protocols that are only unique to IDEXX. And it increases the retention of our IDEXX reference lab customers, and of course, the retention is increased as they appreciate that SDMA is an essential element of their routine chemistry panels. So, we're seeing gradually improving off of very strong retention ratios. And then, as we add a new customer, what's really interesting is they start growing faster, with the reference lab utilization. And then, we're going to share this with – the results with – at Analyst Day, which I think investors know will be a Reg FD event, everybody will have the benefit of this. We also note that actually customers that run more in-house diagnostics grow their reference lab business; they're higher reference lab growers. It turns out, and we're going to show this with big data. Testing begets testing. The more in-house testing that customers do, the more reference lab testing they do, it's an amazing dynamic. These are our customers because these are all – a reinforcing integrated offering. I can't comment on with regard to customers that don't use us, because they don't have the tools, the toolset, the expanded toolset that we're providing. But it's an interesting dynamic. One would normally think, hey, if I'm going to do more in-house, I do less reference lab. No, the more in-house you do, the more reference lab you do. And so that's another factor that's contributing to the growth in our reference lab business. And indeed, the expansion of the diagnostic market with customers who are using IDEXX expanded toolkit.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. It was an exceptionally successful market initiative that actually had very, very high ROI, because the foregone revenue and the marketing costs on it were relatively low. We're just now fully beginning to appreciate as a result of digging into the big data, how profound impact it had on the patient care. But like everything in veterinary medicine, changes in clinic protocols, they happen slowly, they may happen with a subset of customers very rapidly. As I said, we have 600 to 700 customers, who really participated in the UA Day in such a way that they greatly expand their testing that day. But, of course, that's a small fraction of our SediVue installed base in North America. But it is – it shows the power of the pay per run model and some of the creative marketing that we can do with that. And I suspect that we'll continue to find ways to drive the utilization growth because the opportunity is so large in relation to the current standards. It's hard to parse all this out in terms of the impact that it's having because you've got seasonal factors. We've only been in the market for a year; we barely have year-over-year data. Obviously, there's a little bit more testing that's run in the summer when practices are busier than run in the winter. And so, but it's got to be a good dynamic, as I said, we're right now about 1.1 runs per day, it's really shocking how low that is. And I think even vets themselves are shocked with how low that is. So we see the opportunity to grow that. But I'm not going to say, it's going to change to 1.5 overnight, this takes time. And of course, we're continuing to grow the install base in the meantime.
Jonathan W. Ayers: We're just getting closer to launch and we're getting closer to what – this would be a bundled price if they buy it. The list price for the SDMA slide will be $16 or $17, but we'll have a bundled discount when they buy it with a CLIP which should be the incremental price of the SDMA when you add it to a CLIP purchase, that will be about $7 and this is specific to U.S. These are U.S. numbers. So we're just getting a little bit more specific on that as we get closer to the launch.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I don't think we fully, we finalized it. But I think we're – that's pretty close to the neighborhood we're going to be in, in the bundled discount pricing which we would expect would be the majority of the slide-only purchases. Of course, the majority of our customers also run T4 in combination with their panel and when they add SDMA to their T4, they will come at no incremental charge. But that's a very low, T4 which is just underutilized too. So less than 10% of Catalyst run in the U.S. add a T4. So the vast majority of what we think will be the impact will be SDMA added to the CLIP without T4; although it may grow T4 utilization too. It's just a lot of moving parts, they're all good. We just don't know what degree they will move in and at what rate.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much for that question. We are, over the course of the first half of 2017, we launched in the major European countries, some of those were first quarter, some of those were second quarter and we're also launched in Australia. And but I'm going to tell you what's interesting is SediVue is playing a nice role, but the big, big opportunities in these markets continue to the Catalyst placements, which are a lot for an individual instrument they have a higher impact on growth and recurring revenues of the consumable – the instrument consumables. So in other words, they're EVI, the EVI of a Catalyst placement is still significantly higher than the EVI of a SediVue placement. So therefore SediVue plays a – what I would call a supporting role, but it's not a primary role. It supports winning competitive customers, it supports advancing existing customers, filling out the suite, but really the primary objective for instrument placements internationally even more so in the U.S. is continuing to take to upgrade or put in the Catalyst, which are, are what's generating that high teens VetLab consumable growth that we're seeing in the international markets. But we – it did contribute the international SediVue placements did contribute to meaningfully to the year-over-year growth in SediVue the 628 units that we place globally. Thank you.
Jonathan W. Ayers: This is really very early days. What we're really finding, right, and we – of course we do have a data business where we support some of the other players in the industry as you said on the pharmaceutical or diet side that appreciate their markets and support the execution of their marketing strategies, which are by the way very complementary to our strategies. It helps grow the market and also a small revenue source for us. But what we're really – the larger impact we're seeing right now with this big data is these advanced medical insights. I mean, I just mentioned the seminal work that used 850,000 patient data points that demonstrated that the length between exposure to Lyme Disease or Ehrlichiosis and increased risk of chronic kidney disease in the dog, which of course supports both our 4Dx product line as well as our kidney test to SDMA, which finds kidney disease earlier. This is a phenomenal big data, evidenced-based work that we will published, we're out in the field, but it's only the beginning of what we see are the – medical insight. What we're showing here, and we're going to talk a little bit more about some of the work at Analyst Day is how underutilized diagnostics are in advancing care in the pet. And we know the pet owner wants this. I mean, we know pet owners love their pets, we've talked about; we'll talk about that some more. And so, we're really finding that through this evidence-based medicine, how powerful role diagnostic, how powerful role diagnostics played – plays when it is used to assess and monitor the health status of a patient and yet the utilization is still very, very low in relation to what would be medically justified. And so, this is our Companion Animal business, and if we can have, even a couple points of impact on the growth of the Companion Animal business that will be lot of value creation for IDEXX shareholders, who come from our big data, well and doesn't preclude us from other ways that we can use the day. I don't think there is any question that we're in the lead in the industry in using big data to provide insight to the industry on how to advance the standard of care.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah, we're going to continue to place second Catalyst, when the customers need the throughput and – and that's – so that's still part of our standard program, it's is just a – I think we have some catch-up to do, and it really – it really, even with the growth, but the second Catalyst is more satisfying the customers need. It doesn't generate it helps their capacity, but doesn't have any meaningful impact on the growth of their recurring revenues that we can deliver this over the short period of time, although it's certainly a good thing to do. So, it plays a role, but it's a minor role.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, thank you – thank you very much. I appreciate everybody joining on in the call. Again, I just want to congratulate the IDEXX team on really what was an exceptional quarter, the number of opportunities that we're finding to serve our customers is truly amazing. And for investors, we look forward to sharing in more detail the opportunities we see for this market going forward at our Analyst Day which will be webcast and Reg FD for all of investors to benefit from. So with that, we'll conclude the call. Thank you very much.
Brian P. McKeon: We'll obviously provide more clarity on that as we get towards our preliminary guidance. But I think what we're signaling is that we're going to have low teens OpEx growth in the back half of this year and you would expect, just given lapping, Jon, some of that's going to carry over into the first half of 2018. As we add the resources, we'll obviously have a higher level of resources that we have in the prior year. We're still confident that we can deliver good operating margin improvement. We do think it's going to be moderated because of that in the second half, along with just some relatively less favorable compares on the gross margin front. But we feel good about being positioned to continue to deliver our 50 basis points to 100 basis points of annual operating margin improvement on a constant-currency basis which is our long-term goal, and we'll share more insight on that as we get closer to 2018.
Brian P. McKeon: As Jon noted, we estimated over five years, we think they can build a $50 million and or more. So...
Brian P. McKeon: I think the – we've gone through some phases on the increases in our sales and marketing capability. I think the history has shown, this has been a very high return area for investment, we're obviously focused on growing our core business. We did a reset, if you will, once we went direct, and I think that you see the benefit of that playing out now and we've got a more modest reset here going on in the next few quarters. I think over time, we do think we can get leverage out of sales and marketing, but we want to always leave the opportunity open to invest incrementally towards incremental growth, we're growing the market, we think this requires resources, and we'll continue to monitor that over time. And that's all factored into our long-term view of the 50 basis points to 100 basis points of operating margin improvement. I think that there's potential to deliver more on that, but we want to balance that with always having an eye towards the significant long-term potential we see for growth in this company. And we'll – as we move towards Investor Day, we're going to – we'll be spending more time on that and helping you understand the benefits of that approach.
