Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, first of all, I think they're most interested in the fact that we keep showing up, and we're there. The consistency of our presence is being noted by veterinarians. We're not like showing up and then not showing up for a long period of time. We keep coming back. And this is true with our customers that are using all of our diagnostic modalities. We're supporting them with – helping them to grow their practice, but it's also true with customers that may be using very little of IDEXX, but we keep showing up with ideas. They are very interested in our point-of-care solutions, real-time care, our reference lab modalities, our advances. I mean, SDMA is a big topic. Obviously, SediVue is a big topic. But generally what we're finding is, well, initially, as we get through to a decision maker, it may be something new that captures their initial attention. But then, it really opens up the door for how IDEXX is really profoundly different in terms of integrated solutions, in terms of VetConnect PLUS, in terms of the real fundamental technological innovation we're bringing to the Reference Lab venue. So we may start with SDMA, but then we move on to fecal antigen or molecular diagnostics or several of our other areas of specialized tests that, quite frankly, they just hadn't fully appreciated that we have. And they're seeing that we really are bringing innovation to the market, which really differentiates us and kind of unique. So I think the consistency of the presence is capturing the attention, and then the new innovations are drawing those relationships closer.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Thank you. Ryan, I do believe that's a big deal. Obviously, you've been ahead of the Internet of Everything innovation that's going on in industries around the world with cloud-based technology. And the vast majority, for example, of U.S. Catalyst and premium hematology are connected to IDEXX with SmartService. And so we're now beginning to see, with the example of the introduction of SediVue, one of the exciting responses we're getting from the customers is that they don't have to buy inventory. They only pay or run when they actually do the run. And here's just an interesting thing, as I said, we started to – we probably now have installed a couple of dozen SediVue analyzers as part of the backlog, that doesn't include the couple of dozen analyzers that we had as part of the beta field trial. But these are new customers who are paying customers for six months with (27:19) SediVue as part of the launch. As we do the initial installation, our field reps – our service reps do a lot of training. And historically, customers are very nervous about using the consumables. But with SediVue, we only charge during the run and we don't charge them for any of the runs on the first day. And so we get every single person in the practice to run the analyzer because they aren't worried about using up their inventory or paying for consumables. This idea that they don't have to manage their inventory and we're just going to ship them supplies like the Reference Lab model, we're going to ship them supplies on a demand generation basis based on their usage is very, very well appreciated by the customer and really I think the beginning of a new wave of innovation that we can bring to the market. And we'll learn a lot with SediVue over the course of this year on things that we can do in future years, on things like auto ship and vendor managed inventory.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Thank you. Obviously, first of all, the one-lab approach starts with one diagnostic consultant that's showing up regularly at the practice and can support a customer by growing their practice through adopting – what's interesting is that we have advanced menu on both our in-house analyzers and in the reference labs that isn't fully utilized by our customers. So we go in there and we have a discussion about how they can advance their diagnostics regardless of modality. So let's just start with the relationship is one which is agnostic to whether they want to run it in house or reference lab, and that really – customers appreciate that and they take their guard down because they know we're not coming with a point of view. And of course, what I didn't mention in my opening comments is we've continued to see the growth in VetConnect PLUS utilization, not only for results, by the way, and not only for results, but results with images. And now, of course, with SediVue, we're going to have in-house urinalysis images as part of the VetConnect PLUS, but now for ordering and status and alerts, the whole online ecosystem which is integrated between in-house and reference labs. So the so-called bundling isn't just a marketing program. It's an overall approach to the way they're utilizing diagnostics in their practice that just makes it easier to run, utilize and interpret and see the results of their diagnostics because it's fully integrated between reference labs and in-house.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, we're very pleased with the high-teens growth in the U.S. Reference Lab business, volume-led growth. And I think the simple answer is it's all of the above. I noted the increasing number of customers who are sending us chemistry panels because they want the SDMA result. It's either because it's part of their core protocol or maybe they have a pet where they want to send us the panel. But this is true also with our fecal antigen is growing same-store sales. Obviously, I think you're seeing from the phenomenal metrics that Brian quoted, the 6% visit growth year-over-year and the 9%, it was a very strong quarter in terms of the overall business dynamics. Those numbers, by the way, are normalized for days including leap year. And so, obviously, it was a very strong market in general and I think that was supporting our Reference Labs. So there are a lot of contributing factors. We're certainly pleased with the results, and we're pleased with the fundamentals in the Reference Lab business that – well, the first quarter I think was an exceptional quarter because of some unique aspects of the quarter. I think we're pleased with the fundamentals of growth in the reference lab modality. And I will mention it's the largest of the three recurring revenue, CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue modalities at IDEXX. So it's nice to see that one doing so well.
Jonathan W. Ayers: No, there is a – with regard to SDMA and one-off basis, what we're really seeing is that when a customer who may not be using us as a primary lab or maybe they're splitting their lab volume among more than one lab, they're not sending us the SDMA only sample, they're sending us the whole chemistry panel because it just makes sense to do so. Why would they split – go to the trouble actually of splitting the sample? It's just easier just to send us the whole sample. And economically, it's more attractive to do so because the cost of sample, the total chemistry panel includes SDMA at no incremental charge. Where we're really seeing the one-off SDMA are customers who are our loyal customers for both in-house and reference labs, and they might have been running the SDMA on the – I mean, they might have been running the chemistry panel on the in-house Catalyst and they want to augment that with an SDMA at the Reference Lab. And for that, we charge a nominal shipping charge, but we don't – we want to encourage people to continue to run real-time care if that's the modality they're most comfortable with.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Thank you for that question. I would have approached that from a couple of dimensions. Fundamentally, from a financial model, we do see operating expense leverage in the North American commercial market. Now, with kind of growths that we're seeing, we can have operating expense leverage and we can add a few more feet on the street along the way. So those two are not inconsistent with each other because of the strong growth rates that we're seeing, and certainly that would be our intent. But it's really kind of backing and filling little places that we haven't quite gotten to the optimal level. We believe that the roughly 180-plus veterinary diagnostic consultants within a couple percent is the right set to fully cover the market. But the other thing that I want to mention is, I mentioned the 23% year-over-year growth in visits on a same-rep basis for the veterinary diagnostic consultants. While we've seen tremendous productivity advances already that we've booked and those will have a cumulative effect, as I said, quarter after quarter. We're not anywhere near gaining the full productivity of this new organization. We've got some work to do over the next couple of years. We're going to be putting in Salesforce.com as a more advanced – we've done a lot in terms of sales force automation, but that's going to be a productivity driver. We're continuing to refine our calling patterns, so we're going to see greater presence in the market per rep. And so these productivity drivers, I think, as you've seen, they're going to be probably the number one contributor to the impact of our field organization, and that's going to translate into operating expense leverage.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. And I would just add, I think, it's because we do see increasing loyalty with our customers across the modalities. And so what we're seeing here is two nice trends that are not inconsistent with each other. Moderation in the growth of the customer acquisition costs, but no moderation in the growth of customer acquisitions.
Jonathan W. Ayers: So we had really – I talked about two things. We had a couple of dozen units in the field that were non-revenue units in the first quarter that is part of our beta trial. It's part of our normal, refined instrument development and bringing it to market. We've gotten really good at bringing instruments to market, and one of those is to make sure we put the analyzer in the customer's hands in a beta to fully integrate all the learnings when the customers start using it because they do things we would never imagine they would do when we're looking at it in our test labs. What customers do with instruments in a veterinary environment, or maybe it's not just customers, but their pets, do to instruments surprises us. By the time we started shipping revenue units in April, we already had very good experience of how the unit would perform in the field from those beta trials. And so then, simultaneous to that, of course, we generated a revenue order backlog, as I said in Q1, and we started shipping revenue units against that, and we have a couple dozen in as part of a controlled launch process. We're always checking with customer feedback along the way to make sure we captured those learnings before we ramp the volume. The initial customer feedback has been extraordinarily positive. We're very pleased with where we were on the instrument launch. We are very excited – SediVue is going to be a major new modality. The value of a SediVue placement is closer to a value of a competitive catalyst than it is to a competitive hematology. And so, we're very – we feel very good about our outlook for the year, and that is incorporated in all the puts and takes in our revised organic growth guidance.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Look, there are a lot of – I just want to remind you there are a lot of moving parts at IDEXX. Obviously, we had a lot of focus on parts of our business and not as much focus on other parts. We're an international company. We're in a lot of markets. Let's just take – the Water business had a phenomenal, knocking out of the park in the first quarter of 11%. That is not likely a sustainable number. We believe that's a high-single-digit growth business, and so all that's corporated [sic] in the annual guidance.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I would say I think that's – by the way, our rapid assay performance is as we expected, and I think we indicated that we felt it would be flat in the first quarter. And that's because the compares are toughest in the first quarter versus the balance of the year. We don't give guidance by modality by region, but we don't really see any change in the fundamental trends that we've seen over the back half of the last year terms of the strength of the 4Dx franchise and the trends in our first generation SNAP products. All those trends are continuing as we expected.
Jonathan W. Ayers: First of all, it's a very attractive market, and I think you can see that from our visit data and same-store sales practice data that Brian quoted of 9.2% in the first quarter and that was a very, very strong underlying market that we're seeing. We don't really speak to what we're seeing. But the other thing we're seeing is volume growth in existing customers, that's not just things like existing panels, but adoption of our advanced menu, things like fecal or molecular diagnostics or some of our other specialty test categories. So, what we're seeing is a growing utilization of things that only the reference lab can provide, but we're still seeing strong growth in the in-house modality, so, in chemistry in-house. And so, I think testing begets testing. I don't think there's any kind of fundamental shift happening between one and the other. They just have their own growth dynamics.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yeah. I also, Nick, want to reinforce that we see the opportunity over time over the next several years for gross margin expansion driven by our reference lab business around the world as well as the instrument and consumable business and also, again, it's smaller group, it's a smaller business, our information management business as we shift to the cloud. So, these are all long-term trends, we think, that will support our overall margin expansion strategy.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I think Brian did appropriate call out of some special factors in Q1 which is embedded in our guidance. Certainly, we don't see a deceleration. Our crystal ball isn't any better than anybody else's with regard to the general economy. But what I will say is that what happens is, overtime, as consumer confidence remains okay, maybe not fabulous, but okay, then they add pets to their household and then they need to take care of them. I think the fundamental underlying environment that we've been in, that's built up over the last couple of years of consumers feeling okay or reasonably confident or having moved further away from the financial crisis, it really means that it's – that the trends in pet healthcare growth are pretty solid. And it takes a lot to change those trends because people love their pets and they're going to make sure that their pets are taken care of even if they get pressed in other areas of their wallet. Now, they may not always replace their pet if they face a great recession like they did in 2019 (sic) [2009] (53:32) and that moderated the growth for a couple of years, 2010-2011, but now we've kind of come back out of that. And I think we've seen it was just generally a very, very good market. And, of course, the level of care that can be provided now by veterinarians is ever expanding. And so, we are blessed by serving an importing growing secular growth market.
Jonathan W. Ayers: I just want to thank everybody for signing on the call. We are just wanted my huge congratulations to the work that's been done by IDEXX around the globe across all the functions. We've done a lot of work to reposition the company over the last couple of years, and I think we're now in a place where we can perfect our new model. We're not making any big model changes like we've had in the past. And it's very, very gratifying that we could see the results of the hard work, including innovation and customer contact and the supporting organizations. So, I just want to really thank our organization for that and we recognize that we're here to create shareholder value and that's part of our job, part of our model, part of our purpose. And we are very focused on continuing to grow the company in a way which will generate and continue to generate attractive returns on invested capital. So, that will conclude the call.
Brian P. McKeon: We obviously have a number of different ways that we go to market with our customers, but we've gotten a lot of questions on the net customer acquisition costs. And you can see that in our balance sheet actually and in our disclosures in terms of the short and long-term customer acquisition costs net. And the key thing to look at there is, as we add business, we add customer acquisition costs. So growth is a good thing. We did see accelerated growth last year, and that has moderated significantly in Q4 and Q1. So that's kind of key point one, which is this normalization of the competitive environment that we've seen and we just wanted to highlight that. Those costs do get amortized over time in terms of the long-term business commitments that we have. So the degree that we have, basically less money going against kind of defending customer retention, that will improve our net price realization over time. So our current results, really, where we had actually modest net price increases even with some of these carryover impacts, as we move forward, assuming kind of a continued normalization in the competitive environment, that could be a tailwind for us on the pricing front.
Brian P. McKeon: Q1 was clearly a key part of that, right? We had signaled in the 8% to 9% growth rate and we achieved 11% So, that's flowing through the Q1 benefit. And the balance is really kind of through the year. I think we gave you some specific numbers, Mark, for Q2. And I think we're feeling good about the SediVue trends. So, over time, we think that can flow through, but I think a meaningful part of that is the Q1 beat.
Brian P. McKeon: Thank you for the question. I think you're probably referring to the instrument and consumable utilization there.
Brian P. McKeon: And we're really seeing really nice consumable growth that's coming out of that augmented rate of placements. And so, the accounts outside the U.S. are smaller than the U.S. generally speaking. So the utilization per account is lower and we were – there's still a very significant installed base of tests that we're upgrading, although we continue to – none of those numbers included VetTest placements. We continue to place VetTest in some markets too, expanding our overall chemistry base, which is now over 40,000 active customers globally. But the rate of placements is really quite good in what are, generally speaking, have and always been smaller accounts. I think Catalyst One is just a phenomenal instrument because of all the things that brings complete menu, unique menu with things like T4 integrated, ease of use using whole blood with no issues, the footprint, the integration, the VetConnect PLUS, these are all unique aspects of Catalyst One that make it very attractive for these smaller practices outside the U.S. Let alone practices in the U.S. where, if they need the capacity, it's very economical to add another Catalyst One to the same IDEXX VetLab station. So, it's a very flexible analyzer that works in big practices and the types of practices that we see internationally. Combined with a phenomenal and experienced commercial organization, we have very experienced set of country mangers. Many of our – some of our country mangers have been in that roles over a decade. They've grown with IDEXX. They know their markets inside-out. We are fully direct in most developed countries now. It's been a systematic process that we've been putting in place over the last several years and I think we're seeing the benefits of that. And then when you talk about utilization, the thing is that – things like preventative care are just things that are actually doing a full panel on a sick pet, it's surprising how little that has done today. And so, part of what we're doing is we're growing the market. We're expanding the market through education and providing them the tools with things like Catalyst One and reference lab to be able to do that. So, a lot of this is market development. I really don't see any end in sight in the opportunity to develop the market in these – in what some people refer to as mature, developed continents (46:54). Well, they're not matured and developed to us, let alone the kind of growth we're seeing in markets like Brazil and China.
Brian P. McKeon: Yeah. I mentioned that the constant currency change year-on-year was 70 basis points down. So, taking out the currency hedge gain impacts, and it was really two dynamics. It was the – part of this was the – compared to – we had some favorable capitalized variances last year in terms of particularly in our LPD business that just had a high volume rate that flowed into lower product costs but you can see that in our reporting last year that we highlighted and that was a key part of it. The other piece of this is the instrument revenues and the instrument mix. Let's say that our comparable margins in our business are quite good. We're improving gross margins and labs. Our margins in our core instrument businesses and things like that are doing quite well. So, net-net, we think we're right on track relative to where our gross margin goals. We knew we had some of the compare issues on to FX heading into the year, but we're reinforcing the operating margin outlook, which was – effectively where (50:15) sustained gross margins this year constant currency and some OpEx leverage, and we're right on track for that.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, there are a couple of factors in Q1 that we did highlight. I think the extra day was about a point, and it's tough to parse weather, but clearly, we had some favorable U.S. weather compares. And so, let's say that was about 1 point. It's again hard to estimate. But that's kind of in line with what we said we were going to do this year, net of those effects, and we feel very good about the trends in the business and we've obviously raised our guidance reflecting that. And so, we're not projecting a – it's not reflective of an expected deceleration in the business. It's more reflecting some – a couple of the unique factors to Q1.
