Brian McKeon: Sure, why don’t we breakout into – Don into two components. One would be the cost estimates that we had. They have – the major change there was the – on the we obviously we are making some preliminary estimates back in July and on how this would rollout on the ramp costs so the cost that we – the ongoing cost that we are putting by the sales resources, operating resources that we expect to continue, we took that estimate down for 2014 from $8 million to $6 million and that’s basically just timing. It’s of when the costs actually flow through. As Jon noted we are fully on track to be fully staffed. And just relative to our earlier estimates which were a big conservative we came in a bit better on that front. The second change was related to the impact of the distributor drawdown. And we had higher estimates when we first came out with our outlook there we didn’t, we hadn’t had the opportunity to speak to others about how to manage this. And so we estimated that the impact would largely take place in early 2015. We have been very effective at working together to move this forward, so we can have a clean transition on January 1. We did reduce the impact of the revenue and profit in part because the impacts that we estimated in 2015 would have been grossed up for the additional margin capture. So you reduce that by the 15% of margin capture by moving it into 2014 as less of a revenue offset. And just versus our last outlook we have moved it a couple of million more again just based on refinements as we are getting closer to the date. So taking a step back it was more that we had more limited information when we put out the original estimates that were bit conservative and as we were refining this it’s we are able to tighten that range up a bit.
Brian McKeon: Yes. That in Q3, our business model was the same as Q2, so the 60% roughly holds. I think we are now of course in the market and we are close to our 365 field and phone-based representatives who are representing for the diagnostic line between veterinary diagnostic consultants and the specialists and our inside folks and our field service folks. And when we have conversations with customers, we are easily able to ease any concerns they have and build enthusiasm as they become aware of the change. So, I think we are well facilitized to do that. And it’s just – it’s a matter of going out there and talking to customers and I think we are fully staffed in the position to be able to do so and in fact are doing so quite effectively.
Brian McKeon: Sure. And why don’t – as you know, Jon, we provide full year guidance, not quarterly guidance, so why don’t we focus on kind of what our outlook was and what our outlook is. We – as you noted, we had a very good Q3 and that is giving us confidence in taking up our organic revenue growth rate to the high end of the range and from where we were currently and our revenue number is aligned without excluding the FX adjustment. In terms of the fourth quarter, we expect that our growth is going to be in line with our full year outlook adjusting for a couple of factors. We are delaying the rapid assay price increase just to align it with our other – our practices to Jan 1 and we have this expanded SNAP Up The Savings program. Combined, those are probably going to reduce our organic growth rate by about 1 point in the fourth quarter and we do expect some moderating growth in LPD. It was extremely strong in Q3 as well, but basically, the underlying growth is consistent with our full year outlook adjusting for those factors. And we are expecting the same kind of flow-through, the same kind of flow-through on the operating profit margin. As you noted, we had some FX headwinds and had some things like benefits from the accelerated share repurchases, which help to mitigate that. I think relative to where the Street may have been I do believe our revenue number was a healthy beat to what people were expecting for us then I think that was probably the key driver in the quarter.
Brian McKeon: And I would just add Mark I think that 15% growth is certainly what we hope we can achieve on a sustainable basis in Europe over time which I think is incredible given the economic backdrop. I would highlight, there were some things in Q3 that benefited us. The prior year was floods in Germany and there were some softer performance that benefited the growth a bit, but it’s….
Brian McKeon: And Mark, I would point out, we did provide guidance on recurring CAG diagnostic revenue growth this year, 9% to 11% and we are trending slightly above the high end of that and that’s giving us the confidence throughout the year to raise our guidance ranges through revenue growth and as well going into 2015, given that’s a very durable revenue stream giving us confidence for the high growth rates we are projecting next year.
Jon Ayers: Yes. It gives them a discount when they are enrolled in the program, it gives them discounts upfront and it gives some discounts based on the volume of their purchases in the back too. So it’s – it doesn’t lock our customers in anything. But it’s a very well appreciated program and it does give some attractive volume discounts as a – as they use SNAP products over the course of the year.
Jon Ayers: Yes. There was nothing indifferent about Q3 from in terms of the types of programs that we used versus the prior programs. They were all continuing focus on the Catalyst introductory offer and everything was basically a business as usual. This program has been very effective first of the year. With regard to the anticipation of Catalyst One, we only began taking orders this quarter. I do note that we actually entered with a little higher backlog of catalyst coming into the quarter than we normally do. So obviously we are in good shape and it’s not a big backlog business but more units in the backlog is helpful for Q4. But I think Catalyst One really and we had a number of customers who said I love what you are talking about with catalyst but I really want to wait for the analyzer I don’t want to go through the introductory offer and now we can serve those customers and they can take their Catalyst One delivery in Q4 get the tax write-off and start enjoying the benefits of catalyst technology. So we have – we do have customers who have been waiting for Catalyst One. And then of course Catalyst One is going to be very effective at both upgrading the remaining vet test customers that we have out there of which we have thousands of course. And also it’s a wonderful tool to upgrade customers who are in decade old technology and want to move to the unique value of IDEXX’s diagnostic solution that have competitive offerings and that’s a very attractive base of customers to go after. I think Brian noted that even in Q3, 60% of our placements work to new and competitive accounts and that just shows that there are a lot of customers who are not using IDEXX today, who want to move to the new capability that we bring.
Jon Ayers: Thank you. So, I think that’s a good question, obviously, 91% of our consumable volumes comes from our 9,000 plus catalyst customers, where we have consistently maintained 99% loyalty that really didn’t change in Q3. All those trends hold steady. By the way, the trends with the vet test, which are typically low 90s retention are – those trends haven’t changed other than maybe 30 basis points impact on the consumable value of the move of one of our corporate accounts to a competitive analyzer, but that was a pretty low volume account. So, clearly, catalyst technology is very unique. A lot of vet test customers that we have been trying to convince to upgrade for a long number of years with our partners that haven’t upgraded typically are smaller accounts obviously. I think we have 6,000 of them. Some of them are – let me have another analyzer in their practice too. So, that’s why they are lower volumes. Now, we have Catalyst One. And Catalyst One looks and feels like an instrument that is worth upgrading to that. It’s an easier decision both economically in terms of how it looks on footprint than Catalyst Dx is, but clearly, it’s the – it’s where we see the lower royalty is in the low volume vet test installed base at 9% of our consumable revenue. So, I think that’s – I think you probably understand that’s an important factor.
Jon Ayers: No, just 3.5 weeks is totally business as usual. Our inventories in the field for the last as long as I have been at IDEXX 12 years that range between 3 to 4 weeks that’s right smack in the middle, I think the two-way it was just a low number happen to be how the days fell at the end of the quarter. I think it’s – that’s what the distributors typically need in order to fill their warehouses across the country and serve customers.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Catalyst One was as much designed for the international market as was the U.S. market, because it’s really got all the functionality Catalyst Dx, but it’s 40% less cost and a smaller footprint actually has incremental functionality, if you consider VetConnect PLUS and the addition of the T4 tests. So, our international teams we are very, very excited about Catalyst One, but they have been gearing up. That’s why we have increased our investments in our international operations and we were now direct in most European countries in South Africa and Brazil and we geared up our capability in some of the Asia-Pacific country and we are going to be launching Catalyst One in virtually every market in 2015 with the exception of Japan, where there is a regulatory approval required. It takes a little longer in Japan, but we have got a great offering in Japan with Catalyst Dx. And the Japanese really appreciate ProCyte as a hematology analyzer. So, I think we are in a – just in a phenomenal position to grow the recurring diagnostic revenues internationally for years to come. Obviously, we have got a lot more vet test upgrade and a lot of Greenfield accounts. We have a much more fragmented competitive scenario. It’s kind of country by country and we are growing the lab business. I didn’t mention it, but our lab operations in Europe did very well in the third quarter. The Leipzig lab is really becoming a very effective tool, a twin lab business, because we are able to provide far superior turnaround time next morning which is really unheard of in the markets that we are serving with that lab previous to it’s introduction and that works in conjunction with Catalyst One. These are trying to work together to buildup integrated diagnostic offering much in the same that we have done in the U.S. So we are very, very excited about the global market and it’s not really dependent on economies obviously with 15% organic growth in Q3 in Europe we didn’t get any help from the economy in that regard, but these are attractive markets for us.
Jon Ayers: Thanks for that question. We actually made that decision about a year ago. Our price increase – last price increase was September of 2013, but the industry standard is January. And what happens is all the suppliers increase their prices to the veterinary practices in January. And what practices do is they go update all of their systems, one. And so when you have a price increase that is not timed with that, it’s an inconvenience to the customer. So what we decided about a year ago is that we would go 15 months without price increase, so we can move it to January which is an industry norm and also the norm for where we had already moved the vet lab consumables. So we would be consistent with ourselves and with industry norm.
Jon Ayers: Yes, these are typically a very standard normal price increases of – in some cases 3% or 4% and in some cases less, but not more and they are just ordinary as we are taking customers through the change through direct model. I think they are totally comfortable. We are able to address any concerns that they might have with regard to pricing. And those are – we are well facilitized and plan to have those conversations and the conversations that we have been having to-date are universally successful.
Jon Ayers: Yes. Thank you. It really was a great quarter. I think we have a great management team there. Michael Williams moved over there two years ago with really broad understanding of the diagnostic business. And we actually have very long tenure country managers but I think we added some supporting personnel. We hired – we actually hired Head of Abbott Diagnostics European business. Who is now running that business and she joined in June and she has been just a phenomenal addition and we have added other capabilities. But I think the other thing is that the products and services have gotten better. We have – both our hematology and our chemistry offering they know how to sell them. Of course our lab business is really starting to grow nicely across the major countries. We have that 15% growth obviously is a portfolio of countries some of which are growing higher than that. We had obviously higher growth in the Nordics by the way. We already lapped going direct there and which we did at the beginning of 2013. So this is – that’s positive. But we had in excess of 20% - 15% growth in Germany and Italy and Spain of all places. So it’s a broad based capability people love their pets in Europe and I think we are particularly well positioned both commercially in terms of our product line.
Jon Ayers: There are always things like, when does the Easter fall or weather good or weather bad in Europe that can affect it. But as Brain said, that’s a good number to go for going forward.
Jon Ayers: Yes. We don’t run it by segment, that’s why we don’t comment and give guidance. But we are talking about we believe in growing recurring diagnostic revenues. And when we do that, we actually free ourselves to think about all the opportunities that can grow the whole. So, that’s why we don’t actually give guidance that’s not the way we think about the business anymore it’s an integrated offering. But clearly, lab modality is doing well. I think it’s doing well because of our specialty test portfolio in North America. And combined with the fact that we are calling on our existing customer, this is the change in the business model last year. Prior to last year, we had laboratory diagnostic consultants basically we are only calling on potential customers, not existing customers. Now, we are routinely calling on our existing customers. And when we call on them, they are actually adopting that long list of specialty portfolio that we have launched over several years, but which we didn’t have brought adoption because we just didn’t have that commercial channel. So, that – and then, we are just, we are investing in labs all around the world and improving the service levels. And I think that’s what’s driving the global sales.
Jon Ayers: No, our Catalyst One is not – all of our placements in Catalyst One in Q4 will be the new customers. They won’t be just to upgrading the introductory offer customers who – that will happen in 2015. So and just a background here, we went to introductory offer at the beginning of 2014 and said well we’ll sell you Catalyst One, but we will loan you Catalyst Dx until for a year until you get to Catalyst One. So, the year doesn’t start until 2015. So, those Catalyst Ones are to customers who have vet tests or competitive analyzers. And, it’s hard to quantify because we weren’t really taking orders for Catalyst One direct placements until this quarter.
Jon Ayers: No, we are not surprised that you are hearing that. We absolutely have a plan and it’s in all regards that you say. And the conversations we had with customers when we take them through it, they are absolutely fine. And so, we just need to take customers through it. We have 365 people who can do that. And we are very confident that we had different creative ways including some standard promotions that we are introducing in our direct model for the business that starts program as well as on the Vet Lab side, which I think will – which are proving to be quite satisfactory to customers as we have those conversations.
Jon Ayers: All of those our promotions, everything are factored into our financial outlook. As well as contingency, we have recognized that perhaps on the vet test and small base that will have some customers that we don’t reach with Catalyst One and we will make the unfortunate decision to invest in a decade old technology that doesn’t have that capability. And so, we have really – we have factored all of that into our guidance. We are running a bit over. So, we will take one more and close.
Jon Ayers: Okay. Yes, on the IT innovation, obviously we are continuing to add capability to the ecosystem whether it’s VetConnect PLUS or Pet Health Network Pro, Cornerstone you have mentioned or that’s not our only practice management software, but certainly practice management softwares are core to that ecosystem, plus we have other areas that we are investing in that are all really generated to help grow the practice and increase their relevant pet owners. We find as practices invest and particularly our cloud-based – newer cloud-based technology such as VetConnect PLUS and Pet Health Network Pro combined with their practice management software in many of the cases it’s IDEXX, but not always. They can grow their practice. They are reaching out to customer before during and after the visit. They are earning into new kinds of business models. And this really is a roadmap I think for the profession, roadmap not only we ourselves, but in conjunction with the American Animal Hospital Association and AVMA, American Veterinary Medical Association really is how practices can effectively operate in the future and have strong growth in the current environment. Thank you.
Jon Ayers: We just want to thank everybody for being on the call. And again, just a huge note of thanks and gratitude to the IDEXX customers who have really worked hard in many ways, including of course the IDEXX all-direct strategy in the U.S., but around the world to achieve just a phenomenal Q3. I am so proud of everybody and we look forward to updating investors on our results for the full year in January. Thank you.
