Brian McKeon: Yes, Mike. Why don’t I just kind of clarify the numbers? But the Reference Labs trends in Q2 were very consistent with what we saw in Q1. I think here we have some normalization going on, but the U.S. was – the Q1 was 14%. It was like 13% normalized in Q2, and we had mid-single, very consistent mid-single digit gains in international. So we didn’t have a change in trend and Jay can talk more about this, but as you know, we’ve been sort of signaling target improvement as we work through the year on the international labs and we will have some more favorable comparison, but Jay can expand on that.
Brian McKeon: And just to reinforce something Mike on performance versus expectations, we felt very good about the recurring CAG growth in the quarter. If you’d normalize the effects we highlighted, it was 11.5%. That’s where we are year-to-date, that’s right in range with what we are trying to achieve, fee for the full year. So relative to what we were targeting, this was an area that was right on line with what we’re hoping to achieve.
Brian McKeon: Yes, we had a couple of effects that were related to China. Let me break them down and maybe LPD is the easier one to start with. But we’ve been working through the Africans swine fever impact. As you know China is not a big part of our overall company revenues. It’s 2.6% last year, roughly evenly split between LPD and CAG and – but within the LPD business, the swine testing business in China is a meaningful part of our LPD revenues, and we saw an acceleration in decline on the African swine fever from the Q1 levels. It’s a business it’s a little tougher to predict. We can – we sell into larger laboratories and so it’s a little less visibility than some of other assets of our business, but that was a couple of $1 million below what we were expecting to achieve in the quarter, and we feel like we’ve got that reason to calibrate it. We’ve got some other initiatives we are advancing to mitigate that and we’ve got some promising trends in other parts of the business, health herd screening that we feel good about. So I think the – net-net we think we’ve got that factored in but that was a surprise in Q2. On the instrument placements, we had excellent competitive instrument placements in China. The challenge that we had was, we had very strong prior year VetTest upgrades as well and I think in retrospect, we probably had overly aggressive goals going into this year to both to make progress on the competitive – new competitive front and to build on the strong upgrades. So it’s always been a competitive market, wouldn’t necessarily relate to softness in the market per se, I think, with some more as I mentioned, retrospect that we probably had aggressive goals here. But I think that’s another point of context. So China is smaller for us overall, but I think in the quarter, had some impacts, but we feel we’ve got that calibrated in the updated outlook.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I think a couple of factors. I think we always benefit from good execution on growing the CAG recurring diagnostic revenue. So I think there the incremental flow through from that growth is high gross margin for us and I think that always if we’re executing well, which we have been, supports good P&L profile. We’ve had, as I mentioned in my comments, somewhat slower than anticipated ramp in some of the growth we’re projecting for R&D and sales and marketing, nothing to be concerned about, it’s more just in a world where there is a lot of competition for talent, where we don’t have all the position filled with the way that we had originally projected and we’re confident we can get on that track, but we had some upside related to that. And we have had good G&A management. We’ve been disciplined in the corporate functions, we had better than expected benefit cost, which is something that we have – our HR team does a tremendous job of managing that area. And I think we’re seeing good results as a company from that. That’s been favorable. And so those are some of the drivers, I think it’s broadly Ryan, more just reflective of the health of our business model, when we’re growing, the recurring CAG revenues as well that has good favorability for us.
Brian McKeon: Somewhat, you know, more modest, I would say, in terms of pushing out timing. I think it’s more of the ramp of the cost, Erin, so we’re a little favorable in Q2 and we’re anticipating we’ll be back on track in the back half of the year and that’s reflected. We shared a 50 to 100 basis points constant currency improvement in Q3 so that reflects that we’re seeing the cost growth particularly in R&D and in the international sales and marketing, getting ramping as we work through the year. So it – we had – that I would say is the bigger driver was and we have some specific benefits just in terms of things that we’ve been managing effectively in the quarter, but we feel comfortable with effectively we’re – we’ve an outlook for the second half that’s more 50 to 100 basis points which is in line with our longer-term trends and goals.
Brian McKeon: And Jon, we’ll share more of that at Investor Day, that’s obviously part of the long-term strategy and we’ll share how we’re thinking about that.
Brian McKeon: Two questions, just on the first one, Analyst Day is we intend to have discussions in new products when we’re ready to bring them to market. So I think we’re – you should anticipate, we’ll have those discussions close to when we’re ready to bring products to market and we’re not going to be trying to time it around investor events if you will. No offense, but I think we want to have this lined up as best we can in terms of executing with their business. And in terms of the dynamics versus – deltas versus our expectation in the quarter, Jon. It was – that was pretty much it. It was three things; it was – the international upgrades where we – we had great competitive placements, but we were probably a little aggressive on trying to do that and build on the upgrades. It was LPD, China, specifically African swine fever effects. And to a degree we’ve underestimated the days impacts in Europe somewhat. We didn’t flag that 0.5% impact heading into the quarter and we knew there were some impact, but that turned out to be just where the days fell a little bit more significant than we anticipated. But some total that was about $5 million, $6 million delta to where we thought we’d come in and we’re basically just flowing that through. We think it’s a largely second quarter. We’ve calibrated effectively and feel very good about the year. And as you pointed out, the recurring CAG right on track and healthy year-to-date trends right in line with what we hope to achieve for the full year.
Brian McKeon: We intend to continue to build on our rate of placements. I think that the more important metrics to kind of focus on, are broader than just placement growth we’re obviously, as we’re growing our placements, expanding our installed base that supported by improving retention. So we pointed out in this quarter, the 15% year-on-year growth in the North American Catalyst installed base, about 5 points to that is the Banfield expansion and 28% international. So we’re -- now this is a business where we’re adding more instruments and doing a better job retaining our customers that installed base continues to grow, it’s the flywheel effect. And that forms the foundation for additional drivers of growth, right? In terms of expanding the adoption of our innovations on this platform – on our platforms, adding new innovations as we have done in recent years as well, and that’s all supported by the in-house commercial capabilities that we have the VDC model. And that outflows into the strong double-digit recurring CAG growth delivering and we intend to deliver in the future. So it’s one metric, as you point out, we’re building on bigger numbers we want to keep going on that, but there is a broader model here in terms of driving increased utilization and innovation on these platforms that grow and capability over time that support the double-digit growth.
Brian McKeon: Yes. So from a market performance standpoint, top line practice revenue growth was 4.4%. That the clinical piece that you indicated was 2.1%, we think the relevant piece, at least, for our business because that’s where the diagnostic testing occurs as part of those visits. And we’re in pretty much in line with what we have seen in the past is a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter. But we think it was a strong quarter, it supports the CAG Diagnostics recurring growth profile that we achieved in the quarter and that we have indicated from an outlook standpoint, we expect going forward. And I also think that when you take a look at some of our market development activities like Preventive Care, that will continue to drive the market. Part of what we do is we create markets, we manufacture our own growth. In terms of the your second question on competitive dynamics, we haven’t up to now seen a change, more broadly speaking in the competitive landscape, we’re always looking and anticipating that, but our focus is really on our customers and servicing our customers with solutions that address both the clinical and business needs.
Brian McKeon: We’ve made very good progress and it’s supporting a high reference lab growth and we’re seeing benefits across the business. So it’s something that I will that will build over time and like many other things that we have in our business, there’s a very long runway for development, which bodes well for sustaining high growth for the long run.
Brian McKeon: Just on the third quarter, we talked about to restate, 9.5% to 10.5% overall organic and 10.5% to 12% recurring with the day-to-day and a half. I think that the day benefit is a little bit higher on the recurring fees, Mike, so it’s largely reflective of the year to-date trend adjusting for the days and we feel very good about our momentum and our ability to deliver that. So it’s not anything specific to Q3 timing other than the day change.
Brian McKeon: And I would say on the instrument – look, we’re -- as you know we’ve got -- we’re always trying to build off of a high base and we are executing very well on driving EVI gains and expanding our Catalyst installed base and we think we’ve got our full-year impact of my back half outlook properly calibrated.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, just some additional context heading. Our overall business performance internationally was quite strong. We saw the 12.5% normalized CAG recurring growth performance. And as Brian indicated in his remarks, really strong competitive and placements associated economic value with the international consumables growth at nearly 20% normalized. So overall, very good performance. As I indicated, we’re still in the process of building out the VDC expansion and I think time is as our VDC has continued to build relationships with their customers in the market and we know with time comes additional effectiveness. Keep in mind that we start with very strong country organizations. A lot of our sales professionals and country managers in international have been with the company, and know diagnostics for a decade or two decades. So that’s the base where we are building off of. In additional, they are representing phenomenal product line across the broad-based diagnostics offering. So we’re feeling good and about where we are and expect to continue to build off that capability in the second half.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. Thank you, Ryan, for the question. We think it really starts with a fact that there is a very sizable market opportunity and I’m going to refer my comments specifically to North America in the U.S. We think that the U.S. Preventive Care market, addressable market is about $3 billion, we saw about $1 billion and that have served in – and we have about a third of that. So we’re still in the – in our early stages of being able to develop this marketplace. And then you look at just sort of benchmark and provide some background context on the opportunity, a fairly small percentage of Companion Animals are getting tested today. We have cited statistics and data in the past that about 15% of dogs come in to a practice for clinical visits undergo a chemistry test, only 15%. On the vector-borne disease side, a little over third. So 36% canines in any given year get some sort of vector-borne disease screened. This could be something as basic as heartworm, only 15% are getting the full vector-borne disease screened before the act. So that stats with a very sizable opportunity. And then from a programmatic standpoint, the IDEXX Preventive Care program, I think really hits a sweet spot in the marketplace we have a care protocols designed specifically for Preventive Care or wellness screening, it’s priced to really drive compliance with the client. We are able to provide tools and training for the practices and repeat follow-ups. So from the standpoint of operationalize, they’re implementing a concept that our customers are quite interested in to begin with, but have struggled in the past to be able to get good traction with this, we think we have really hit the sweet spot and our field is trained and excited by it and consequently driving growth with it.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So we – thank you, Erin, for the question. We think over time that it will help support our Preventive Care momentum. Over – there’s a majority of customers who already use urine as part of the testing panel for Preventive Care, and one of their requests from customers as they wanted to pressure because it’s more clinically relevant. So being able to provide at a multimodality screen for customers was extremely well received in the marketplace, we’re enthusiastic about it and we think it also, by the way, help with SediVue placements over time.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes. So, just in terms of that, that 300 basis point orbit, we think that those customers are using more diagnostics that they have got from largely testing geriatric patients that testing adults and senior patients and incorporating diagnostics in their panels. I think what the data shows is that they had perhaps assumed that if a dog or cat was well and was an adult, that they didn’t do diagnostic testing, they didn’t need to do it. And what the data is showing is that they’re very significant, we’re able to uncover very significant number of abnormalities that require follow-up in doing testing. So we think that it’s just a classic case of being able to demonstrate that the clinical benefit of doing testing more broadly across the population patients. In terms of how that plays out differentially, in terms of growth over time, we’ll say, we expect to continue to see benefits, but that’s a function of…
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, just to add some color to Brian’s remarks. A key element of our strategy, Mark, is to be able to continue to drive menu expansion which in turn supports the CAG Diagnostics revenue growth. So if you take look at Catalyst for example, we have a technology for life type of philosophy, seven new assays as part of the menu in seven years, latest being Progesterone, it’s a great example of bringing Real-Time Care measurement to the clinic. As you know the pregnancy, the contamination of it, there is tight window on the veterinarian wants to be able to advise the breeder in terms of the optimal time, it -- if you are able to do that in a real-time basis with Catalyst in the clinic that drives serial testing. In the case of SediVue, another great example, with SediVue the neuro network 4.0 which we released earlier in the year based on 175 million images, more geared towards the 4.0 release of liver function, bilirubin and ammonium biurate. So we’ve got excellent customer feedback on that, and we continue to drive do manual expansion more testing utilization. So that’s a key element for our strategy.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, thank you, David for the question. We are very pleased with the progress we’ve made on Catalyst SDMA and in fact, close to 60% of customers in the second quarter actually used SDMA on Catalyst, that’s a global number since its introduction are close to 70% of customers have actually purchased SDMA for Catalyst. Another benchmark connected with that is, we’ve now run over 2 million SDMA tests on Catalyst since its introduction. Now that’s on top of 22 million tests plus, 22 million plus test that we run the global reference lab since introducing that test on the reference lab. So we think from a customer perspective, customers have really accepted SDMA as an essential element of the chemistry panel. They see significant clinical value, not just for sick patient visits, but also well visit testing. One study I will share more of this at Investor Day is looking at well patient testing when we move from just a basic Preventive Care straight. So chemistry, CBC, the one that includes SDMA, we see a 40% increase in profiles that indicate the need for further action. So we’re really clinically powerful. I think our customers appreciate that and we are seeing the type of uptick in the metrics I shared with you that support it.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. I’d be glad to do. So just as a background, keep in mind that the whole notion of corporate and consolidation, it’s not a new dynamic in the marketplace. IDEXX has had quite a successful track record in partnering and growing with corporate accounts over time. But when you talk to the corporate account CEOs, they generally identify commonly, three top issues. One is staff engagement and retention, the second one that you pointed out is really this notion of enterprise scale in IT and software, the third, they want to continue to drive or improve profitable growth in their corporate practices. And we address all three as a company. First with diagnostics, because diagnostics is connected to the Information Management piece, and they I think recognize our diagnostic as a profit center, it drives the care envelope, it’s an important part of their practices that is in subject of some of the same headwinds that they may see in product sales whether it’s food or therapies. And there’s a lot of evidence that when we provide these types of solutions to them, their staff will desire to practice best medicine remain more highly engaged. From an Information Management standpoint, now getting specifically, to the core of your question, our customers, are corporate customers place a very high premium on integration in helping them out with workflow and workflow optimization. And the type of solutions that support that are Cornerstone or PIMS solutions, Smart Flow, Netconnect+, enterprise management and analytics packages that we come up with. The Smart Flow is a great example, where they have a really resonating with an application that works with our PIMS and other third-party PIMS that provides embedded connectivity that helps them with workflow, optimization and communication in the staff. It automatically captures, charges, if they desire to go paperless or paperless light, it has electronic forms. So these are the type of things that they are looking for, and highly responsive to.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, so, we obviously, have differentiation because we have multimodality solutions and have the ability, like we’ve have just shown with the IDEXX anywhere urine analysis bundle to be able to provide, the best clinically from a solution standpoint, wherever it makes sense to be tested. So I think it’s largely supportive of helping the practice the way they want to.
Jay Mazelsky: I mean just keep in mind from a background standpoint that it takes time. It’s a change management event in the practice. It’s not just the veterinarians but the veterinarian tax receptionist, all practice has to change focus from into a new testing category or approach. So it takes time. We’ll share some insights at Investor Day in terms of what that looks like but there’s no one rule that fits all.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay, thank you, all, with that we’ll conclude the call. I want to thank our employees for the very strong progress and performance in Q2 and the advancement of our purpose, which is enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people of livestock around the world. I’m also – and also I’m grateful for the confidence that our investors have in IDEXX and our business model. We look forward to being able to share our work with investors and seeing all of you in person or through a Reg FD Presentation at our Investor Day in a couple of weeks. So thank you very much for calling in. Cynthia, that’s it.
