Jonathan W. Ayers: Oh, yes, but it's very -- it's a week of intensive training and for example, we accomplished it in the first week of April for our reps. It's really nothing out of the norm and it is fully accounted for in our numbers.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Again, Brian -- Ryan, that's a great question. It really isn't -- there isn't any increased quotas. We have -- we're assuming a continued productivity of the sales force. But the upside and, of course, it'll take time to determine exactly when that upside is going to happen and a lot of that upside will be adding -- having customers add other diagnostic modalities from what they already use at IDEXX, given that, it's interesting, majority of our customers actually don't use all of our diagnostic modalities. They only use some of them. So the answer to your question is, we don't have any upside associated with this change in the forecast. And clearly, that's a possibility. It's hard to predict when that will happen. We are confident it will happen, and it'll be a sustained long term but it will start happening in Q3 or Q4, or will that really drive 2014 growth. None of that's in our guidance for the year.
Jonathan W. Ayers: That is exactly what is happening and one of the benefits. What's interesting is instead of coming with a point of view, which the specialized reps came with, we're coming with, what is the customer's need and how do they want to grow their practice and what do they want to achieve and what role does -- do the in-house modalities of instruments, consumables and our rapid assay kits and what role does the reference lab play in helping them grow that. Now, obviously, we believe there are some best practices out there like Real-Time Care, but there are other best practices like using the broad menu that's available both on the in-house and even more particularly in the reference lab to gain deeper insight and then there are best practices associated looking at all the diagnostic history on a patient over time. This organization allows us to have those far deeper conversations and including things like integration than previously, in part because the reps are going to be able to establish a deeper relationship. They're going to be calling on these customers, on average, once every 4, 5 weeks, which is far different than what we had historically. And with customers who are already full IDEXX Diagnostic Advantage customers, meaning that they're already using all the parts and therefore, we're full partners with them, we can have a conversation about how to grow their practice. And we've got a lot of different tools already that have been fully in the portfolio to help them do so. And the customers are really resonating with that conversation.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, thank you. We've been carefully monitoring the situation with the new distribution arrangement that we have with one of our national distributors. And we are very pleased by the way with the performance of all of our distributors in the new -- in 2013. In particular, we're pleased with our nonexclusive distributor, which actually had a growth of IDEXX diagnostics that was higher than average for all distributors, which is -- really shows that I think we've retained the engagement of all our distributors in supporting our customers in adopting our innovations. And so as we monitor this very carefully, we don't see any share loss and quite frankly, we don't expect any share loss. And the reason is because we've got, historically, great loyalty with our customer base. We've executed very well. And we just look at the numbers for the instrument consumables and the rapid assay growth. And even without the change in our sales structure, we would expect that to continue. But one of the big benefits we believe of this transformation and being much more customer-centric is that we will have even higher loyalty of our customer base because we're going to be calling on them every 5 weeks and supporting them, including our existing customer base. So we haven't seen any evidence. And I think it's because -- what is the real thing here? Distributors are valued partners, but they're really supplemental. The primary role here is for IDEXX to grow the business and the distributors play a helpful secondary role. But they're not a primary driver of new instrument placements or the medical messenger, things like that, that we do. So we really don't really see this as a very big change and of course, it does also give us the opportunity to take some of the savings with the change in margin to reinvest in our sales organization and grow the number of feet on the street, as I mentioned in the opening comments.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, I see it as really a way to step up our presence in customers, I guess, if I have to pick between the 2 in an offensive way, but I think it's a natural outgrowth of our strategy now in the diagnostic lines that what we're providing is highly relevant medical information that's really in large degree, common across the in-house and reference lab modalities. And it's so apparent when all that information is fed into VetConnect PLUS. And so we really see this sales transformation is -- we're in a perfect position to be able to do this because it's aligned with our overall strategy. And so we're quite enthusiastic. This is in no way I think related to the change in distribution. It made sense as the evolution of our product line became more and more integrated. And it's just coincident now that it happens to happen with this change of distribution, which we really see as a pretty small factor as we look at our commercial and channel strategy in the U.S. We're recognizing -- by the way, we're making the same change in Canada and that has no change in -- there's nothing changed in the distribution side in Canada and yet, we see the same opportunity. And in fact, we've already made this change in some of our countries outside the U.S., which helped us inform both the benefits of the change and how to make the change. And so it's really been an evolution of IDEXX that is independent and coincident with the large focus investors have had on the changes in U.S. distribution.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes. Well our really -- our expectation going into the year was that there wouldn't be much improvement in the economy over the trends we had seen in 2012. Every quarter can have its own story. I think first quarter was particularly impacted by weather, but I think that's not a fundamental secular issue. I think that was an issue within the quarter. So our outlook is modest growth in the profession, similar to what we had in 2012. But of course, we did want to give commentary on the quarter.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And I'm just -- to answer your question on Europe, Europe is a lot of different economies as it turns out. But overall, we're not counting on much going on economically in Europe and yet, Europe is also, for us, Eastern Europe and Middle East, Africa, I mean, we've got a number of emerging markets in there. And so overall, we're actually pretty -- we're pretty optimistic about our opportunity in Europe. Don't ask me about Italy, for example, but that's just one country in a whole portfolio of countries there. So we're -- we have some core successes in big countries and in emerging markets.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, the 5% is the total. What we did, to be clear, is as a result of all this planning. We told the sales force about all the new territories, okay? So everybody knows how they're affected, whether they're in the new territory in April or they're new in their new territory in July or they have to move to be in the new territory. And so we've had -- already have all the conversations with all of our sales reps, and we know for those that have -- it's basically those that have to move, for those who have to move, which ones are willing to move to a new territory and which one that's that not going to be possible. And we sorted all that out in entirety. We believe it's less than 5%, pretty good metrics on that.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Let me just -- while Merilee gets the chemistry -- the hematology. We have a -- we really have a unique hematology line between ProCyte and LaserCyte, particularly with the new LaserCyte Dx. And I think it's -- so really, if this is not a product issue, it's -- in the U.S., I think we really focused on chemistry placements in Q1, and really exceeded our expectations in the quality and the quantity. And the quality of placements, as measured by the size of accounts and the number in the new accounts to IDEXX and all that. I think with this new IDEXX diagnostics sales structure, hematology, we will be able to have the ability to talk to customers about the importance of hematology, in-house hematology, as part of having a full diagnostic portfolio. And let's recognize that while -- while chemistry has always been, for quite some time, highly penetrated in veterinary practices. Not the same for hematology. There's not the same -- it's well penetrated, but it's not, by any means, fully penetrated. And so there's greenfield opportunity in hematology and I think with this new structure, we're going to have a better chance to be able to talk to customers about the role that we'll play in growing the practice.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, let me cover that. We are actively recruiting. I think we're going to -- we're recruiting primarily outside candidates and although we have a very -- Merilee does lead a very strong second level team of finance within IDEXX, which is going to serve us well. As we continue the recruitment, we've talked to a number of very strong candidates and yet with any recruitment, it's not over until someone has signed and ready to come. So it's a very active process and we're confident we're going to have a great addition on -- to fill that role, just as we achieved in the recruitment of our General Counsel, which we announced a couple of weeks ago. Jeff Fiarman, who will be joining us next week. So we're excited about his arrival.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Let me just comment on Nordic. Nordic has 2 factors, which are driving that greater than 35% growth. One is go direct, but we're also seeing good volumes and we're seeing a pickup in volumes. And remember that, that number includes the portion that we've previously gone through a distributor as well as the lab services, which had always been direct. So that was a Companion Animal Group diagnostic numbers that included the mix and despite the fact that only part of that went from distributor direct and the other part was direct all along, we've seen that good growth is because of both the price and volume and the response to customers by having our direct sales organization there.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Well, I would say that we have thought about this type of change for a long time. And have evaluated it versus our prior, more specialized strategies. So this was something that we've thought about for a long time. I think what we realized though was with the introduction of VetConnect PLUS, it became so apparent that we have -- to the customer and to our sales and to our sales force, to everybody that it really is a common diagnostic offering supported by multiple modalities. That really tipped the scale to the benefits of this structure versus the benefits of the prior structure. In addition, as we talked to our customers and we talked to our sales organization, this was something that -- and we consider it the change. This was something that they were very positive on. I mean, they were -- this was a -- in large part, it really came from the field. And so of course, you don't undertake a change like this without a lot of consideration and then a lot of planning. And so we've been in the planning stage on this for almost a year and then in very detailed implementation of it for the last 6 months. It's like a product launch, if you will. And I'll tell you, I am just extremely pleased by the role that our Jay Mazelsky, our Executive Vice President, supported by Johnny Powers and our entire North American commercial organization. They've worked really hard to make this a success because they all know it's the right thing to do. So I hope that answers your question.
Jonathan W. Ayers: Yes, ultimately -- that's a great question, Jeff. Thank you for that. The great thing about this new structure is that I think we'll have real ownership by our sales professionals in their territory for the growth of IDEXX diagnostics. And that's going to help in, really, the 3 drivers of growth, which is adding modality and having a customer add a modality that they did not have before. So moving to our reference lab, maybe they had our in-house, but they didn't have a reference lab or maybe they had our reference lab and they didn't have the in-house. That's a big driver of growth. Ensuring customer loyalty by supporting them and then driving growth in utilization of their diagnostics from IDEXX by things like preventive care and other protocols that really help advance the standard of care that the hospital's practicing and achieving their mission. So adding modalities, ensuring high loyalty and growth in utilization. This is -- this rep is going to be able to drive growth through all 3 of those. Now, obviously, there are specific elements to that and what isn't going to change is that we fully expect -- in fact, we see opportunity that, we did not -- were not fully taking advantage of before in that the majority of our customers, you just take the in-house instruments and the reference labs. It's pretty surprising that the majority of our customers use one but not both. You would think that it would be more difficult to get them to use the first than it would be to fill out the portfolio with the full IDEXX Diagnostic Advantage. And yet, that's in fact what we've done. We've done with our specialized sales force the work of getting a lot of customers to use 1 of those 2 modalities and of course, most of our customers use our rapid assays in some fashion. And now with this new structure, we will have the opportunity to fill out. And so that's going to, I think, be a significant long-term opportunity for growth, very aligned with our strategy of providing highly relevant medical information through our diagnostic modalities.
Jonathan W. Ayers: And then to your question -- again, thank you for the question. On VetConnect PLUS, we were pleased to see continued, very significant growth in the number of customers who've activated VetConnect PLUS up to 6,700 from 4,500 at our last call. So continuing at the same pace it did in the first 2 quarters of its introduction. And I think what is even really now more profound is that our customers, the key opinion leaders, our sales organization, our medical, our professional service veterinarians, they're all -- the introduction of Pet Health Network Pro and the benefit of sharing medical information and diagnostic information with pet owners, the trend towards preventative care that's been a big theme of independent groups such as the American Animal Hospital Association is that we're beginning to see the realization about how profound a change it is when you have access to a patient's diagnostic information in a value-added, electronic way through VetConnect PLUS and the ability to analyze, to share with the pet owner electronically and directly in the exam and also through email or other ways of electronically sharing. So much easier to do that. And then the insight about really what this is doing to profoundly change the standard of care that can be practiced in veterinary medicine, that is a much larger kind of thing. And that doesn't happen overnight. But what we've seen is over this quarter is, I think, for example, in particular, our sales organization really got how to have that conversation with customers and how that helps the customers meet the needs they see in their practice to provide client value and to make -- to continue to help their practice be relevant in this world that we live in, where you have online pharmacies and a lot of other things that are challenging the veterinary practice. And so that is a much larger trend that I think will, like anything in veterinary medicine, it'll take time to really penetrate the consciousness of practicing veterinarians around the country, indeed, around the world because we would expect to continue to roll this out globally over the next 18 months or so. And so I feel very, very good about what we're seeing about the penetration in the consciousness of that change. But it -- we are early days. We are very, very early days. If somebody asked me what innings since the baseball season already start, we're inning are you -- we're still in the first inning here. Although, we've changed the game, we were previously playing at every game. Now, we're playing a game of value of diagnostic information as opposed to selling a box or a courier service. And so I think we have a long runway ahead of us, and we're early days. But clearly, it's impacting the ability to win customers, a modality not previously been using IDEXX, and it's improving our retention for customers who are operationalizing, VetConnect inside their practice and are seeing the benefits. And so we believe it will be very supportive of the 3 key elements of growth in our annuity business model of additional modalities, retention and growth in utilization. Okay. I think that's all the calls. I want to thank everybody else. I want to take this opportunity to my deep appreciation for Merilee. Merilee has been at the company for, I think, it's some -- I'm probably going to get this off by a year, but 25 years, and she has been our Chief Financial Officer over a decade. And that's a long time for anyone in today's world. And we've just had a tremendous -- a period of growing the company and bringing the values to -- bring value to our customers and bringing value to our shareholders in the process over that period of time. And I'm deeply grateful for the partnership that we've had. And I wish her luck in her retirement, and we're confident that even though she has big shoes to fill that we will be able to find somebody who will bring maybe not Merilee's unique set of skills because really no one can replace Merilee, but a new set of skills that will take us to the next phase of our growth. So with that, thanks to Merilee and thanks to our investors, and thanks to our organization for accomplishments. We'll close the call.
Merilee Raines: Well, first, thanks for your well wishes. And I would say with the operating expenses, that really -- the increase of 100 basis points versus January is largely due to the fact that of lower revenues and spending staying relatively on par. And Trendset has an impact in the first quarter, but over the full year, it's a very minimal impact to the OpEx percentage. And so what we do see going on are a couple of things in the couple of pennies that we have related to business performance that we've reduced the high end of our range by about $0.02 related to business performance. So as you'd indicated, we do have...
Merilee Raines: And we've raised the low end by $0.02. So but the -- with regard the $0.02 at the high end, that is really a netting of we have some favorability, higher favorability than previously anticipated due to a lower share count and a somewhat lower tax rate and then that is offset by a reduction in operating profits due to the lower organic revenue growth guidance that we provided.
Merilee Raines: And David, I just wanted to get back on your question about chemistry placements in North American in the first quarter. They were -- the total placements were down about 5%. This was actually below what we have projected for a decline. We projected to be closer to 10%. And the reason we were projecting a decline is that the protocol-based rebate programs that we had launched in the back half of 2011. So -- and really in Q3 2011, we saw a very strong placement growth for those, not only in the back half of 2011, but also into the first quarter of 2012. And then the program, the impact started to tail off. So we did anticipate somewhat of a difficult compare for chemistry placements in the first quarter of this year for North America.
Merilee Raines: Erin, I would say with those initiatives and remembering that they're going to continue to gain momentum over a number of quarters, those are contributing probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $5 million to $10 million in total growth for the year. So they're a small portion of the many different contributors we have to grow for the year.
Merilee Raines: Again, part of the bringing the growth down, Ross, is obviously, a function of the growth in the first quarter was off from what we had expected, so we a bit had expected kind of a mid-single-digit placement growth, and so with the number that we reported, that's a piece of it. We also see and project that we're going to have some very nice acceleration in growth internationally. And we think there's just a lot of opportunity there. But I think we just want to be a little bit more conservative about that growth prospect outside the U.S. as well.
