Brian McKeon: Thanks for your questions, Nate. On the first question, we saw a post-January relatively similar clinical visit trends in the data, I think with hindsight, January benefited from the year on year COVID lapping. And overall for the first quarter it was flat, but the benefit of from that dynamic and I think the clinical visit trends through Q2 were largely consistent. This was consistent with our expectation. We thought we'd see reduction in the headwinds from the clinical visit capacity pullback that happened last year. And we were still working through some compares on that front in the first half. And so that informed how we were thinking about the second half that we would see that normalize and hopefully over time improve given the strong underlying demand that we believe is out there. So that's sort of the U.S. story. Let me give some context on international. I'm sure Jay can add to this that the strength in international came from our in-clinic business, just the very strong growth in our instrument placements, customer engagement, support of strong consumable gains. And so I think that's directly related to our executional focus. And as you pointed out, labs were relatively consistent. We're still seeing the, have seen the macro headwinds relatively more in international markets. That's been a consistent story. And so that moderated what were double digit growth rate benefits from the executional drivers that enabled us to get to double digit overall growth in international markets.
Brian McKeon: Yes, so good morning. Thanks for your question. On the pricing front, first, I just want to reinforce we have a consistent outlook for the second half of 2023 for 6% to 7% overall net price improvement related to CAG diagnostic recurring revenues. We're not prepared to share our plans for 2024. What I would note is that we'll have, as we've had in the past, a very thoughtful approach that's aligned with long-term sector development in the value that we deliver through our solutions and our innovations, and we'll evaluate and incorporate inflationary dynamics as part of that approach as we get closer to next year.
Brian McKeon: Yes, Mike, I think weather at times can have impact in the business. Our outlook that I mentioned was that for Q3 was organic revenue growth at the lower end of our full year outlook range. And that basically aligns with consistent, strong execution trends and adjustments for the day's effects and just obviously our pricing's evolving a bit here as well. So just compared to H1, so it's a targeting, consistent, strong execution and we'll address those types of impacts if they occur in the businesses and report on that if that turns out to be a factor.
Brian McKeon: Yes, thanks John for your question. I think the A part of it is working through this effect we saw in 2022 where there was a pullback in capacity. And so I think the pullback was largely happening in the first half of 2022. And so we knew we'd still be working through some of that. And I think that there'll be some relative improvement which I think you were pointing out. And I think overall we anticipate that we continue to look at the growth in demand that we see in terms of the expansion of the pet population and increased interest in pet health care that being affirmed on a lot of the qualitative work that we do believe that there's underserved demand and believe that that will be a positive tailwind over the long-term continue to feel that's very much part of the growth build that we have for the long-term. And we're working through some dynamics here to help clinics adapted to that and improved their productivity. And I think we can be helpful. So I think our long-term optimism is intact. That should be a positive drive over time. And we've made some positive transitions here in their first part of this year. I'd also highlight sometimes we spend a lot of time on the U.S. trends that internationally we've seen relatively more kind of same-store headwind effect that we've been able to offset with our benefits from our business expansion and engagement and invasions that we're bringing. And I think internationally we see the same kind of a story that over time that there's very strong demand for pet healthcare and it's probably relatively greater macro impacts in the near term. But we think that over time that will improve as well.
Brian McKeon: I'll let Jay dive into the platforms on your latter question. Yes, that's correct. That's what we said.
Brian McKeon: And Dave, to your questions on gross margin and hedge gains, what we were trying to highlight is terms of our year-over-year performance on margins that there is an effect from in 2022 as the dollar was strengthening, we hedge out, we tend to hedge in advance of the year to help us with our planning. And we had, in the second half of last year, eight to recognize the benefit from $18 million in hedge gains. So what's happened with the foreign exchange dynamics is they've actually moved into a positive zone. So we have some benefit on revenue, but we're going to have some reported year-on-year foreign exchange headwinds. We estimated 70-80 basis points in H2 that relate to just lapping those hedge gains that are roll off eventually. So just trying to highlight that as a factor. We try to, each quarter, note what those gains or losses are, so you have that, and that's in our disclosures as well. So, but just wanted to highlight that as you're to understand kind of the outlook.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I'd highlight the two-year, I'm just looking at the numbers on a two-year basis. We were relatively consistent performance. He won in Q2, so I think we had similar trends, similar benefits, and as Jay highlighted, I think we've had very good execution, including some benefits from the higher pricing this year.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, and just to add to that Nate, from a higher level standpoint, the clinic economics and overall health of the clinics really is healthy. I think revenue, we showed that revenue is growing nicely. So it's certainly not a demand dynamic. And as Brian said, internationally, we've been benefiting really over a number of quarters of record placements. ProCyte One obviously fits well and leverages and multiplies the impact that we've been able to have on total in clinic placement. So I think very strong execution. We're announcing the benefits of the consumables growth. And that has a small ramp to it, but I think the business is healthy. And we saw positive volume growth in Q2 internationally. So I think the clinics are working through the type of capacity constraints and labor challenges that they've had earlier. And we expect that to continue over time.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, just a couple of words about pricing. To Brian's point, from a philosophical standpoint, we want to make sure we continue to deliver really strong value. And we think that our pricing reflects the fact that we continue to do that. We see really very high retention levels in our business. We see an increase in adoption and utilization. So from the standpoint of, I think, customer receptivity, we think our pricing is appropriate given the circumstances. If you think about our latest baby release and reference labs, it's a great example of how we add value that we're increasing the menu. 2 million patients on a global basis, annual global basis are going to benefit from this. We're not increasing the price of those panels. I think it's just a great example of how we try to keep that value equation appropriately aligned to what our customers need. In terms of corporate versus independent practices, a couple of dynamics to keep in mind. Largely, we don't see big differences, obviously there's differences in things like the size of the practice, corporate practices tend to be a bit larger. There are more specialty practices owned by corporates. They're focused, I think, increasingly on growth. We've seen nice interest, not just in our solutions, like in-clinic premium analyzers, but also software solutions, as they really try to operate the businesses in a more standardized way. They're interested in the same type of diagnostic solutions that independent practices are. We see a lot of interest in things like preventive care, for example, because it's a great way of, I think, continuing to engage pet owners and clients, really uncover, I think, a disease that may be otherwise subclinical or hidden that drives the medical services' envelopes. Very similar profiles between the two with some small differences that I just mentioned.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, good morning, Mike. It's not unusual to see some variability in a given quarter between wellness and let's say non-wellness or sick patient visits. When you take a look at Q2, on a two-year basis, they were very similar growth profiles between the two. So it's small things that can account for some variability, whether more people are traveling, whether, what have you. What we tend to look at is we tend to look at those diagnostic parameters or menu that are used in wellness areas like 40x plus, for example. And that was very strong growth. So we really haven't seen any drop-off.
Jay Mazelsky: Sure. So we've grown significantly in the U.S. over the last -- years. I think it's been over three years since we did last expansion. We're very optimistic about the long-term growth prospects of the U.S. It's our largest market. It's something that we really evaluate on an ongoing basis. We want to make sure that we have the right account coverage and we'll be able to, we're able to support, product and innovation priorities over time. So we felt that it made sense. Really just comes down to that.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, I mean, I think the, it's really normal course of business. We do very well with corporates. We occasionally talk about it, but from a corporate account standpoint, I think they see, increasingly see the integrated benefits of multi-modality solution and software. They're focused on workflow and they're focused on productivity, given the capacity constraints and the need to really operate these models. And I think from a solution standpoint, they appreciate what we're able to bring. We have a footprint that's obviously very broad and deep and can work, can partner with them wherever they are. So I think it's a very natural fit from that standpoint.
Jay Mazelsky: Yes, so from a platform standpoint I'm obviously not going to talk about it until we talk about it and get closer to the launch. What I will say, John, from a premium instrument placement and how we think about the opportunity. We typically do start with the U.S. market but there's nothing that says we have to do that. The key is really to build an installed base and get that consumable revenue stream moving. That takes time. I think set of U.S. was one example and we launched it seven plus years ago and we built the installed base and we have a nice profile. So we really focus on being able to really drive sector development and adoption and solve those critical problems and everything else takes care of itself from there.
Jay Mazelsky: That's a quite a different question today. Let me just start with the pricing piece. Obviously clinics control that. If you go back the last five or six quarters, a lot of clinics took multiple price increases on an annual basis. They typically, if you go pre-pandemic or pre-inflationary times, they would increase their prices eight, one time per year. I think a number of clinics on average increase at least two, in some cases three. And that was really just to reflect the higher costs of labor and retaining staff. And in some cases, they needed to add to staff. And so from an employment level standpoint, we think clinics are catching up or caught up. They've hired people. That's not to say they're all working 40 hour weeks. And so in terms of pricing going forward, I think that's really just a reflection of what happens in the economy. At this point, it appears that inflation has moderated somewhat, but we'll have to see how that plays out. And I think they'll make decisions based on how their businesses are doing. Right now, I think clinic revenue, practice revenue is pretty healthy for approaching 6% or so. So I think they feel like they're in a pretty good place from an economic standpoint.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay, yes, I mean, as we had a very strong quarter in terms of CAG diagnostics, recurrent revenue as indicated. Yes, it was really in part driven by pricing as well as volume growth and just really good execution. So, attention of customers was very good. We saw adoption and utilization of diagnostics really across our broad spectrum. Obviously, consumables in our in-clinic business was very, very strong, and we saw nice performance in international, but that's really more of a cumulative impact of placements that we've, I think achieved over the last, [4-6] quarters.
Jay Mazelsky: Okay, so with that, we'll conclude the Q&A portion of the call this morning. Thanks for everyone on the phone for your participation. This morning, it's an honor to share another quarter of solid financial and strategic results as we continue to address this significant long-term opportunity to enhance standards of care for companion animals who are on wavering focus on diagnostic insights. And so with that, we'll conclude the call. Hope to see you all at investor day, and thank you.
