GregLovins: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. It’s Greg. So on the last part your question, certainly as you said you can see in the back side with the monthly numbers that we saw a pickup in the LPM side of the business in November and December. And yeah, we think that's a function similar to earlier in the year as there are more lockdowns particularly in Europe and in parts of the US, we saw more consumption of packaged goods late in the fourth quarter. So that was part of what lifted the volume growth in Q4. And that also then helped drive part of the Q4 margins for LGM. As we've talked about in the past, we've been driving the temporary cost savings with volumes coming in better than expected in the quarter that helped deliver stronger margins overall. At the same time, we did have the extra week in Q4 that actually turned out to be a pretty strong week and we did see that also have about a 30-basis point margin impact in LGM, as well as the total company level.
GregLovins: Hey, Jeff. This is Greg. So overall and across 2020, we saw kind in the low to mid-single-digit range in terms of deflation across the year. That was a little bit different as we move to the year. More of that was earlier in the year as we got into Q4 and we look sequentially from Q3 to Q4. Overall, it was relatively stable but we did start to see some pressure midway towards the tail end of the quarter particularly on chemicals and film. So in propylene in particular and polypropylene, we started to see that pressure in the US late in Q4. We see that continuing here in the first quarter and then starting to also rise in Europe at the same time here in Q1. So right now based on what we've been seeing, we would expect somewhere in the low-single-digit inflation based on what we've seen so far without predicting what may happen as we go forward.
GregLovins: Yeah. Thanks, George. It’s Greg. So, I think when we look at our return of capital, when we set our targets back at the beginning of 2017 we'd come out of 2016 with about a 17% ROTC. And the last couple of years has been some of the pension impacts when you look at those in 2017 and 2018 and you can see the adjusted numbers in the appendix of our slides but when you adjust the -- we're roughly 19% the last couple of years and in that 18% level here in 2020. So, we feel like we have been continuing to expand our OTC above the baseline when we started that back in 2016. And that’s with this year, of course, includes a couple acquisitions that we’re in the first year out still. So we feel good about the progress we’re continuing to make on a return perspective and continuing to be in the top quartile among our capital market peers there. And when we think about investments going forward, we -- and Mitch talked already about RFID overall as EBITDA margins is above our average for the segments in the company. And that generates good returns for us. And we continue to invest in areas where we think we'll have strong returns. So a lot of our CapEx is in areas like RFID, and it’s also in other high value segments like specialty labels within LGM or industrial with IHM and, also looking at some of the emerging regions. So we're investing in areas that we think are high return and where we can continue to generate strong return on capital.
Greg Lovins: Yeah I think high-level, Ghansham, when we think about the range that we have for 2021, so the 3% to 7%. There's a couple overall big drivers. One is we've talked about intelligent labels. We still expect to grow in that 15% to 20% pace as we've talked about over the years and as we demonstrated certainly in the back half of 2020. That by itself given the size of the IO business now would add about 1 point to 1.5 half of overall growth for the company. At the same time when we look versus 2020 and we see the quarters that were hit the hardest Q2, and that a little bit of Q3. If we fully recovered that we think that would be somewhere in 3 to 4 points of growth for the year on a full year basis. We've built in about 2 to 3 points of growth on recovering some of that volume decline that we saw in those most quarters in 2020. So those are a couple of big, big drivers of the growth that we see year-over-year. At the same time, we would expect in the businesses that were hit the hardest in 2020 to have the biggest growth rates as we see that recovery come through in those segments.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, I think in total when we look at the year as we’re headed into 2021 just as we were headed in 2020. We targeted and we talked about a year ago in a lower growth environment where we're targeting to hold margins and that would still be our expectation this year for a lower growth environment, continue to target holding margins. When you think just like you said across the company the range of our guidance assumptions includes a number of different factors depending on the environment and the macro. We would start expect to see certainly when you look at the second quarter when we had the trough in some of the businesses that had a margin impact there we would expect to see a larger recovery particularly in Q2. When you look more broadly as you've -- as you know when we've talked about in the past, our overall focus over time is balancing our top line growth with strong margins and strong capital efficiency in order to drive long-term growth in EVA and that's how we'll continue to think about it. So margins continues to be a big factor of course and continuing to drive margins but we're looking at the balance of those three things to drive long-term EVA growth over time.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. I think when you look over that longer period of time certainly we were − had a number of initiatives and we've talked about few years ago in RBS the acceleration and turnaround there and that included some reductions in SG&A and other areas. So there was some focus on that. I think when we look even 2020 we start to see our gross margins improve quite a bit from the inflationary cycle that we had a couple years before that. So we expect to continue driving strong productivity and SG&A over time but we would also expect to continue to see gross profits improve over time as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Neel. Overall, if you look at or if you’re asking a share question for LTM business, so labels specifically, we don't have all the market data in for the two regions where we get it but generally for the full year, share positions are pretty comparable for 2020 versus 2019. If you look at where we are specifically in the fourth quarter, in Europe, we are our share positions where we wanted to be. In North America, we're a little bit behind where we want to be. That’s overall for the year. We've been – our share position’s been pretty constant and where we are for fourth quarter.
Greg Lovins: Sure, Jeff. So your second question first. So, yes, that is an increase that you see. The $10 million dollars is on the corporate expense line in Q4. That's why corporate is higher than usual. And so that is in our numbers and we need to adjust that out or anything else. So that would be roughly a $0.09 impact to Q4. And then, as far as IHM, we're still targeting our objective here for 2021. It was 12.5% operating margins or more for this business. We're not quite there yet. Team's done a great job. And I will say under Greg's leadership, Greg's been overseeing this group of divisions for last couple of years. And our objective, if you look at the high end of our range is to be within that targeted range by next year. So continued margin expansion is the goal.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Overall -- two questions there. As far as the apparel adoption rate, so apparel continue -- I mean the pandemic has really -- what we've seen is a second inflection point, if you will, an acceleration of activity not just Tier 1 but a lot of Tier 2 retailers and brand in addition to Tier 1. So a significant amount of our pipeline is also apparel growth. We've traditionally said we’re roughly a third penetrated. It's clearly a bit more than that. But we also said over time we expect the addressable market to increase a bit over time as well. So that's where we are in an addressable market, it’s still quite a bit of upside overall within apparel. And you see obviously a huge opportunities outside of apparel. And so to your question of 15% to 20%, do we see upside of that? Yeah, I mean we see huge opportunity for us. It's really around developing market opportunities and then capturing those opportunities. We see a significant long term potential here. The 15% to 20% we've created because there's a certain level of just pace of adoptions that we go through. And given the size of this business, being over $500 million now. As Greg said, it's now adding 1.5 points to our overall growth. So that's a pretty significant amount of dollar growth every year if you look at it from that perspective. So we're clearly not limiting ourselves to what the upside can be. I mean, 15% to 20% is the right target. We're clearly -- aspirations are to develop this into a much larger business than is today, and we see it having a very long runway ahead of it. And in general, to your questions about addressable market and everything else, we’ll definitely be updating all of that at our investor call -- Investor Day next month.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, generally, holiday was a bit stronger on the average, if you will, than retailers were expecting. So that bodes well. As far as -- it’s too early to say how things are playing out post the holiday, just the timing of the Lunar New Year. We have really easy comps this past week or so. So too tough to tell, we'll have a better read after January and February comp through the Lunar New Year. Overall, what you're seeing, though, is the North American market doing better than Europe. If you look at just apparel import trends alone, apparel imports in the US for the full year, they were down close to 20%. If you look at the last six months where the data is available, it was down 11%, and it's up a couple percent if you look at the last few months. So that does show an improving trend here in the US. Europe, however, continues to be down quite significantly, down around 20% or so the last few months. So a bit of a decoupling between US and Europe is what we're seeing right now, and generally holiday was a bit better than people had anticipated, and we're really going to need a little bit more time than just right after the holiday to get a good sense of where things play out. And I'd say Europe is the bigger question for us.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. Within apparel, the timeline has shortened quite a bit from where it was a few years ago just because there’s a -- technology has proven the business case is very robust. As far as learnings, you can translate from one retailer brand to another. So that’s fairly quick. The average isn’t that great but, say, six to nine months is what I would give as an estimate. Within other categories, it can vary quite a bit. It obviously is longer than that as far as the pipeline when it starts from just a business case and then moves into pilot and testing and so forth. So that takes a bit longer. I would say the biggest area of the pipeline growth that we're seeing, we talked about apparel having good increases within apparel overall, but outside of that and if we look at food, our pipeline is up quite significantly as well as with logistics up quite significantly. And we're seeing number of pilots that we expect, and the pilot phase will give us a million dollars of revenue or so here in 2021. And assuming their success won’t convert, which we’re sure confident they will, they will turn into $5 million programs each individual one. So that's where we are. The food, we've been working for a while. They've accelerated a bit in the pandemic along with logistics. We'll see a bit more revenue here in 2021. And we expect that to be a base for more growth going into 2022.
Mitch Butier: Well overall we look at the combined business and it is integrated so as far as how we, how we go to market and everything else. So the growth is basically on the combined of the two we have talked about specifically. If you look at Smartrac they had about 50% to apparel retail and 50% to auto, food and other categories. So we will discuss it more about what the market trends are for those end markets. But we won't be calling out a separate growth rate for Smartrac versus the overall RFID and intelligent label platform. So that's -- as far as your first question we actually was not dilutive in 2020 we actually if you look our adjusted EPS it was actually modestly accretive in 2020. So we were able to execute quicker than expected. We do expect the margins to be comparable to the overall margins for the IL platform which were above the company and divisional averages for you EBITDA margin.
Mitch Butier: I think the biggest impacts are really just what we've been talking about. It's more around just the resurgence of consumer packaged goods. So we're seeing strong demand in the market and for our business in packaged decoration particularly in film categories and then also just the e-commerce. So e-commerce growth had been quite significant and our business linked to that is growing, growing similarly. So, yes, we’re seeing those are the two trends overall. We think the e-commerce trends while there was a big surge, we think that will be just a new baseline for continued accelerated growth in packaged goods. I think everybody is – COVID’s a good reminder not just with stay at home, but the importance of packaging for decoration, sanitation and everything else.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, George, and just to reinforce the overall theme here, is GDP plus growth and top quartile returns on capital. And these levels were both. And that is our continued focus. And that's a recipe for superior value creation of the long term. And when we had set out the 2021 objectives back in 2017, we did say that in capital efficiency we'd gotten into the top decile of efficiency and that we would go through a period of recapitalization both organically and be looking for M&A. And when we haven't done M&A for a while and then started doing M&A over the last four years. It takes a while from a returns perspective for the returns to match the invested capital base that you have in there. And once we have a series of these in the years going forward and so forth and it all starts pumping in and the returns are catching up on acquisitions you've done a few years ago, you'll see that continue to flow through.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So we're investing – I mean if you look at both our high value segments and our base, we look at EVA and returns. We don't look at just the average that we disaggregated. And for us it's continuing to invest in businesses where we have good EVA potential and that's in both the high value segments and the base. It would be disproportionately in high value categories particularly in RFID. So that's been a significant part of our growth investments. And as far as the base goes what you've seen our investments we just go back over the last five years. When we need to invest for growth we also concurrently invest for productivity. So if we look at the investment we did in Europe a few years ago, we did a significant expansion where we needed capacity to one of our plants and we subsequently were able to take off line some capacity to drive productivity so both enabled growth for that market at the same time as lowering our cost base. So, a good -- very good return outcome from that perspective.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, Chris, the business case is really around increasing productivity, becoming more touchless in their operations. And that's some of the fundamental base case of what you had before apparel you have in these other categories. And that's specifically why we targeted these other categories and we looked for end markets that shared some similar characteristics and some challenges as what apparel was going through, albeit in a different form. So, absolutely pandemic accelerator, a lot of the activity within the pipeline. You say adoption has not yet really had a significant mover on adoption levels because it takes some time to work through the pipeline. And I commented earlier about some of these programs, more moving into pilot. The pandemic during the height of it in the spring or the early phases of it I should say, we commented it actually slowed down the amount of activity when restaurants were closed as an example. There was fewer opportunities for some pilot, those of all have re-ramped up again here in the second half and I talked about the momentum going into 2021. So the use cases really around just becoming more touchless as far as interactions, driving productivity, wanting increased visibility, reducing waste. RFID is a huge opportunity to reduce waste so enabling companies to meet their own sustainability objectives. Those are all included within that and we see tremendous opportunity here. So that use cases if you think about is very similar to apparel, albeit in a different form.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So really for each end market, there’s going to be elements of it where we are providing as you say just the base inlay. And then we're actually To providing a full solution set, managing the data, printing the data, working and supplying this solution around hardware and so forth. In parallel, we actually sell just a based inlet. It’s the minority of our sales to -- through the Smartrac channel and the LGM channel through – without managing the information so forth to some competitors at the apparel solutions division. And the vast majority though of course is what our apparel business sells fell through. As we say we're vertically integrate. We're managing the information. Food will be the same as an example where we're providing the full solution set in many areas. And I'd say the early adoption aspects will be more solution based. And so, I would expect it to evolve similar to what we're seeing in apparel.
Mitch Butier: It's RFID adoption. That’s exactly it. And the RFID adoption is far ahead in the US versus other regions.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. And continue to feel like at pure volumes Asia we're actually seeing, yeah continued strength and penetration if you look at it just from a pure volume standpoint than RBIS.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, we didn't quantify the quarter. So I think we said here for the full year we had about $135 million of the temporary savings. A little bit lower than what we had projected for the last couple of quarters just given we'd said when volumes start to come back some of those costs would return. So, a little bit lower than we had projected before. So the fourth quarter I think was in the roughly $15 million range, something like that.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, Adam. As far as what we're experiencing, yes. North America is definitely having a resurgence in the volume that we're seeing right now. And that's yeah, it’s just what I explained. And I think it's the drivers. If you look at it due to consumer packaged goods consumption as well e-commerce, it's hard to tell as they talk about volumes have been a bit lumpy if you look across the various months by region. So there could be a little bit of inventory build within the current surge that we're seeing in North America. And Europe is definitely, it came back stronger in Q4 and I'd say all the regions came back very solid growth within Q4 and North America particularly strong. But even EMENA, they finished the year strong. And now as we look at January, which might be some of your questions, we’re continuing to see the strength in North America, EMENA is softening a bit and Asia is just too early to tell because of the lunar new year.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. I again want to thank our team for their commitment, dedication, and agility in delivering a very strong year from a bottom line perspective and delivering for our customers in what was very challenging market conditions. I do want to just encourage everybody to join us for our Investor Day next month where we'll be sharing more about our long-term objectives and strategies. Thank you very much.
