Dean Scarborough: Yes. So we are not going to comment actually on the process that BMS ran a few years ago. I think the key thing we comped to what us buying this business for more than what the Platinum bought the whole business for, including the U.S. a few years ago, actually only 18 months ago or so, they have done a phenomenal job. The leadership within Mactac particularly in Europe in really turning that business around improving the profitability, leaning out the organization, so that’s – they have created a lot of value in the last 18 months and we see opportunities to leverage it from here and create even more value going forward.
Dean Scarborough: We are making filings in a couple of jurisdictions call it Germany specifically, normal customary filings that we need to go through. This is a highly competitive space and we see that the acquisition that we are making is going to even increase the level of innovation in the space. And so I think that the regulators will look at that favorably.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So, in the core products, we are actually I think what I commented on is we are starting to see early progress from the actions we have been taking. Now, the revenue is actually down modestly. But recall, we said we were going to be more aggressive on the pricing front with certain – in certain categories and we have done that. And so the volumes are actually up with value and that’s – and I am excluding RFID right now. They are significantly up if you include RFID, but volumes in our core products are up. And so we think we are seeing good signs and consistent last few quarters from the volume growth perspective. Good trajectory there. In the contemporary or the department stores, we are still seeing volumes down and a lot of that has to do with some of the challenges that the number of the department stores are seeing in their own marketplace today. As far as what customers are telling us, it’s hard to give you an average. If you look at it, there is a number of customers that are doing quite well, a number of retailers and brands, and there is a number that are having their own challenges that they work through things. So overall, we are coming off of a winter season that was a little lackluster from a retail sales perspective. And so, a number of the retailers have more inventory than they want to be having right now and that is factoring into their thinking. On a broad base, if I had to characterize, I would say cautious optimism is what the retailers and brands are looking at. And those that are even struggling, everybody is looking to get more productivity out of their existing retail footprint and it’s something what we can help them achieve that, particularly with RFID and that’s the focus of the conversations.
Dean Scarborough: Just quick on their receivables that there is a regional impact as far as regional mix, the higher growth in the emerging – some of the emerging markets where we have long, slightly longer terms has an impact on that. I say overall, we can do a little more here on the working capital perspective. And so we saw some deterioration. Part of that is just due to mix and some strategic decisions that Anne commented on inventory. We think we can do more here.
Dean Scarborough: Chris, this is Dean. So the answer is no, so only the U.S. Department of Justice was looking at anti-competitive practices. There was a – in Europe, there was also an investigation of the industry that happened around the same time, but the two weren’t linked in terms of an antitrust linkage, so to speak. So they were independent investigations.
Dean Scarborough: Thanks Pamela. Well, I would just like to say I am excited about the company’s future, probably more excited than when I joined more than 33 years ago. And I would also like to say that the course that we have set in late 2011 and then committed to the longer term targets in 2012, it’s working. And – but there is more to come. I am proud to have been part of making Avery Dennison the leading company that it is. I want to thank the leadership team, our employees, our customers and our suppliers for their creativity and commitment to our success. And I have enjoyed engaging with investors and financial analysts over the years and I really appreciate the relationships that we have built. Thank you.
Mitch Butier: It’s complementary technology overall. So, they have number of coding lines with various different adhesive capabilities. But if you look at within the graphics space, there is graphics and tapes to smaller degree within this business, but there is very long life in casting films, which is something that we do quite well like shrink wrap and so forth and then there is shorter life promotional films for graphic materials. And they have a very strong brand and complement our strengths with how they go to market in their approach.
Mitch Butier: They invested in restructuring that business over the past year and a half streamlining the organization.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, we are not going to reset targets. We established those targets for 2018. As we have always said, this business is an extremely high return business even at those levels. And we have never seen them as a ceiling or a cap and we are continuing to test our limits and continuing to push this business both in the top and bottom line and that’s something we will continue to do. So, we think it will be at this point, after a few – 5, 6 quarters of outperformance, so this could change the long-term trajectory or long-term target is not the right time to do it.
Mitch Butier: Order patterns are consistent with the guidance we are giving overall, but just a real test is not entering the quarter. It’s really how long the peak lasts throughout Q2. So if it ends a few weeks early, that obviously has a big negative impact to us. So it’s consistent right now, but it’s really not an early read. As we have said, we have limited for visibility. Last year, the peak season actually ended relatively early and that was one of the reasons we had the decline last year in Q2. So consistent, but I would say, it’s too early to give you any more color on how that will play out.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So as far as the assets that we are acquiring, so with eight coding lines and they have the capabilities across all different three primary adhesive categories emulsion, hot melt and solvent. So that’s what we are acquiring. And as far as what the company has gone through the last year and a half, they basically restructured down to the single manufacturing facility. They used to have more than one and that’s been the area of focus. And as far as the top line, this business is – Mactac has extremely well respected brand in the graphic space and tape spaces. And this business used to have some other unprofitable categories specifically bulk roll label materials that they have exited over the last year and a half as well that were unprofitable and pretty low end. So the trajectory for the overall business isn’t really indicative by what was going on in the underlying core. And yes, we know them as from what we have seen in the due diligence and also as competitors that are well respected in the market. And it’s a platform that we expect to be able to leverage and continue to grow profitably.
Mitch Butier: So you have got a good memory, Chris. So the Jackstadt acquisition, we did have filings in multiple jurisdictions around the world. You are correct also in that about 80% of Jackstadt sales were in the bulk roll label growth category although they did have a decent sized graphics business as well. And we went through a second round of process with some of the regulatory authorities in Europe, specifically in Germany. So it took on, I think four months or five months and then we have got the approval. So Mactac’s business is primarily a graphics business. And by and large, with a little bit of tapes, it’s a nice add-on to what we are doing. And these are both categories where we have relatively low market shares respectively. So we have got – I don’t want to project how regulatory agencies will react, but suffice it to say that we wouldn’t have done the deal unless we had some level of confidence that it would go through.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Chris, so overall, I think the way you have characterized is right and then I will answer your question. We will continue to drive growth in looking to have outsized growth in the high value segments that obviously improves mix. And we have also been talking about instilling more discipline in our less differentiated segments with how we grow and ensuring that it’s profitable growth there. And our productivity initiatives that is the core strength of ours, we continue to execute on and have consistently done that and we will continue to do that. As far as – if you look at where the margins are in Q1, hence comments we are comping from Q1 where we are expecting it to go forward, you normally have a seasonal reduction in those margins in the second half late in the year. So we just want to highlight that there were some seasonal adjustments. We got the impact of lower – the tapes decline of one customer, which will have an impact. And the – just purely from the purchase prices we have for raw materials and the selling prices, it was a modest benefit. And there was definitely some deflation in North America. And as we have talked about last time, we have actually been adjusting our own prices to our customers in those segments that are impacted the most. So it’s – we are at peak levels. You don’t want to lock on this time you can get to a new level and say, this is something you should baseline your models on and how you are thinking about it. I will tell you our focus here is about growing this business and growing it profitably and continuing to see opportunities for how we can further expand margins, which also fits and this is a great business and a great platform. That links right into to why we are trying to penetrate this space even more aggressively with acquisitions like Mactac.
Anne Bramman: Yes. So, we are still looking at about 1% impact for the year. I would say it’s more back loaded in the second half of the year where you are actually going to see the exit in that business.
Anne Bramman: Yes. So, I think we are in a record cycle from a margin perspective and really kind of at the peak for PSM. So, I would anticipate we are going to have margin compression in the back half of the year. And we talked about this before, in the last couple of quarters, we have seen some modest benefit from deflation net of price. And so, it would be really reasonable to assume that the business cycle would see offsets of this gain. Additionally, we are seeing some signs of modest inflation in the commodities markets. And as I mentioned earlier, we are seeing some 1% change for performance tapes with the customers’ program that’s exiting and that was a margin that was little bit higher margin than above average in the business as well. So, it’s a little bit of the impact in the second half as well.
Anne Bramman: I think what we are talking about is right now, we are at a record – Q1 is really a record quarter for PSM from a margin perspective. So, it’s less about year-over-year and more about we are at a peak right now.
Anne Bramman: So most of that came from price or from volumes sorry and then about 3% of that came out of emerging markets.
Anne Bramman: So in general on our working capital, we – a big part of the change is that we have some planned investments in inventory, primarily in the RFID space to support the accelerated growth that we have seen in that business. So over time, we expect that that will even out. But we did plan on in making those investments to make sure that we meet our customer commitments.
Anne Bramman: So in general, we are going to see over each quarter, there is a little bit of variance that goes on with the corporate expenses, so you should expect to be near from $20 million to $25 million a quarter. So it’s within that variance that we see just say from timing on some of the expenses. As far as SG&A, as we have talked about, we have had a significant restructuring program, especially in RBIS, where a majority of their savings are coming through the SG&A line. So when you look at SG&A savings, the productivity coming as restructuring is driving the improvement overall. We had some favorable in currency with the currency change that are also favorable, but it was offset with higher employee costs.
Anne Bramman: So we are – so specifically, we have plenty of capacity available on our credit lines that we can fund this transaction. And we will look at long-term what this means for us from a financing prospective. So we generally – we have a CP program and we have got some other credit available for us that we can use.
Anne Bramman: So there is very – as I mentioned in my comments, there is very little that we have got into the number for next year for synergies. We really – we will have some from the procurement side. But the team, the Mactac team has done a phenomenal job of investing in the business and really streamlining it. So what we are getting is a business that’s really complementary to our Graphics business in Europe.
