Dean Scarborough: Well, George, you actually said it, it depends on much inflation keeps going, that’s the big wild card. I’d say our goal assuming the inflation that we put into the guidance is to do that by the second quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Is basically -- it’s one of the key factors of the range of our guidance. So if all other things being equal, you could assume -- the higher end of the range assumed, that’s earlier next year, early second quarter and the lower end of the guidance is later than that.
Dean Scarborough: I don’t think we want to comment on the actual pricing that we saw within the various segments for specifically, for a particular quarter a year. But overall what we've been saying is that inflation really, sort of ramping up in Q2 and built in Q3 and Q4 and now we are seeing built in Q1, and our pricing has been about a quarter lag from that.
Dean Scarborough: Well, we really don’t comment on the timing of share repurchases but overall our intent is to return more cash to shareholders. Obviously, we’ve done that with the dividend and our intent is to devote more of our free cash flow to buying back shares as well.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, that business is a mix of different businesses, our tapes business is the largest entity in there, and they had bit of a tough year in terms of catching along raw material inflation. But then we have a number of new startup businesses in that sector as well. So RFID business is in there and we’ve got couple of other small converting businesses in there as well. So is pretty small and I do expect it to be better in 2011.
Dean Scarborough: Sure. So at a high level is basically three major components to the $175 million of capital. But a third of it for investments in growth, principally in emerging markets, a vast majority of that is for emerging market investments. Another third of it is for productivity related investments and maintenance capital within mature markets and the last third is for IT infrastructure. So, in emerging market CapEx we’re adding a significant amount of capacity in India for our Pressure Sensitive materials business. We are also adding investments and capacity in Asia for Retail Information Services as well as raw material business; so, China and other places in South Asia.
Dean Scarborough: Well, there are couple of things we call that for Retail Information Services. We had announced after the acquisition of Paxar that we needed to invest in IT systems to allow us to integrate a lot of disparate systems. During the recession we said no, we'll wait, and so now is the time to make that investment and now that the business has got really good traction. Also there is some systems that are getting at the end of life that we need to replace. So, I think we are getting back to “more normalized level” of IT spending.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, again it depends -- here is the way I look at this. So, the last time we went through major inflation and I think there was already a gap for us to catch up, our trust is actually higher than it was before. So over the cycle I think we’ve been definitely making progress. And what we’re gearing up for this year, is dividing volumes will be good. That’s our sense, especially in emerging markets where we have a good position. We expect inflation to continue and we’re going to be aggressive about catching up with that. But also we’re going to get aggressive with suppliers on material substitution side. We’ve been working over the last 18 months very hard to bring new supplier to the marketplace, especially in emerging markets and some of that is going bear fruit this year. So, in that respect we are able to take a little more control
Dean Scarborough: Not really. I think that, you know, the apparel guys will change for the fibers they use. They will use more polyester cotton blends than just pure cotton because cotton is at a record high. They still have to get product into the stores for the normal season. So, I don’t anticipate any issues there and so, I don’t sense that. If anything, I think, there is still a tremendous opportunity for us to gain share in this business. Because apparel companies want to enhance their brands, they are looking for more sustainable products with a lot of solutions that we can offer retailers and brand owners that help them improve their gross profit margin. Their position.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah, we are already everywhere we need to be. So, there is no really leading indicator there for us. You know, we kind of get a lead indicator on how retailers are feeling about the upcoming season because, they order, obviously, months in advance when the product has to be in the stores. And again we'll see that -- actually though we had a pretty good fourth quarter. For me, retailers were optimistic about consumers wanting to spend and they spent on parallel. And we’ll see in a few months about how folks feel about the Fall season with the orders coming in and again in the March-April timeframe.
Dean Scarborough: Yeah. Within the first quarter we would catch-up. Towards the middle of the first quarter, we would be expecting the catch-up. We did not have this latest round of inflation which is we would not be planning the current price increase for spring.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, so overall -- let me just put this in the frame this up around what we expecting in Graphics Products. We are investing in this business and we -- turn reverse. The trajectories have been full from the top-to-bottom line. We are expecting 2011 to further erode, both top and bottom lines. But the pace of erosion to slow down on the top line and then in the middle of the year, particular with PCs and Back-to-School, we will be able to launce a number of new products and we will be able to start to see the sales coming through from that. It will still be relatively small on how you measure from a financial perspective. In 2011, it is really going to provide a great pace for moving into 2012. So, you think about how things play out throughout the year. Overall, you should be thinking about Office Products still showing some erosion on the topline but it is slowing down our pace and margins too, as I said earlier, further erode as well full-year and --.
Dean Scarborough: It’s certainly a big part of the growth was in apparel RFID tags. So, we also had growth in other segments where we sell RFID inlays. So from that perspective it was pretty broad-based. And we did have a couple of customers in the U.S. ramp up their RFID programs.
Dean Scarborough: Well, thanks for joining the call today and to sum up, we have solid 2010 and we feel good about 2011. As I noted earlier, our priorities for the year are to close the price inflation gap and expand margins, drive sales growth with our investments in marketing and innovation and continue to generate strong free cash flow, enabling us to return more cash to shareholders. Thanks everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Mitch Butier: Yes. Ghansham, recall that everything that was sold in the fourth quarter was already billed by us in the second quarter, and part of the third quarter. So we tend to be -- before the products are shipped is when we are doing the billing. So, our expectations during the quarter was, it was pretty good apparel season. The inventory to sales ratio, remained at historically low levels. So, I'm pretty optimistic about 2011 for Retail Information Services.
Mitch Butier: We wont really see that until -- we had a good fourth quarter. So, some of the spring season orders are already in there, but really the real strength in the business, we’ll start to see that in the March-April-May timeframe. That tends to be a really heavy season for RIS.
Mitch Butier: Yes, I mean, our competitors are raising prices and there certainly incentive to, I think one difference between our input cost and sort of our competitors is that a lot of the intensity last year came on the monomer and adhesive side. So we tended to see that inflation may be a quarter before our competitors did which, they would get buffered because they buy their refuses on the outside. But it certainly is now showing up in there in their margin. So I can see and we’ll see an increase in center for competitors to increase prices.
Mitch Butier: Quarter-by-quarter, it would vary but overall the expectations that we’d be using cash and cash flow for repurchase of shares.
Mitch Butier: We don’t want to comment on the timing of when we’re going to do the share repurchases. But this is not something I had expected to be done in that timeframe overall.
Mitch Butier: Well, the RIS expenditures have a nice return. So, I am excited about that. Some of the other ones are like replacing things like financial systems don’t necessarily have a return, and it's just maintenance capital.
Mitch Butier: Yeah, it’s a good question, George. I think last year the label converters were getting fatigued by the price increases and I believe it’s because many of them during 2010 were kind of locked into fixed price contracts for the year with a number of their customers across many sectors. And we’ve done, I think, the best job we could in educating that marketplace is to say that’s not really a good idea in this environment. So my sense in talking to a lot of label converters is that they’re reluctant now to sign up for full year price guarantees, because we can’t give them any kind of protection on raw material inflation. So I think 2011 will be a bit of a different game for most label converters. From my perspective, the innovation in the marketplace is really being driven by our end-use marketing efforts in terms of coming up with new solutions like the Curvy container product and thinner liner material innovation, which allows us to explore other types of applications that typically are not that pressure-sensitive. So, we’ve got a number of innovations that we’ll be watching later this year at the Label Expo. So, yes, I think 2010 was a tough year. But I think people now in the industry realize that this inflation is going to be with us for while and I anticipate label converters actually having raw material price through contracts with their customers as best as they can.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So first on the fourth quarter. We did see more volume coming through and basically that was some customer did some pre-buying to, I think help their yearend. They improved their rebate levels a little bit. We see this varying from year-to-year but it’s a little more than what expected in Q4. Here is my expectation for 2011 for Office Products. And that is we’ll be investing in demand creation and new product development and that’s where -- and plus we’re going feel the full year impact of the losses that we had in the label category in 2010. But I expect sales to level up because we’ll start to see product placement for lot of our new product categories and then we’ll really start with back-to-school period and in the fall. So that’s when we really see the benefit of the investments we are making there.
Mitch Butier: You know, it wasn’t that much. In label category, remember this is about $200 million category. I think on a rate basis we lost six or seven share points in total. We actually only lost placement at one retailer and we didn’t lose it in the catalogue. And we still have the high volume skews in that retailer. So from my perspective the team did really good job of defending our market share position. Of course, it cost us some money, but it was absolutely the right thing to do.
Mitch Butier: On a company-wide level, yes, you would expect more of that to be back half. Remember also when you think about that the RIS in their second quarter, seasonally the high-end. So, the significant amount of earnings usually about a third of a full-year earnings come in the second quarter, all other things being equal because of RIS’ seasonality. But aside from that point you're right, second half is when you would expect more of the profit to come through.
