Dean Scarborough: Yes, Ghansham, I expect the fundamental strategy to be the same and I think we’re in the process of tweaking the strategy a bit. The execution of the really complex project in Europe we would probably bit off a little more than we chew and lean forward pretty aggressively getting that back under control. And I think a more of a focus on growing in higher margin segments. And by the way, this graphics transition once it's done will help us be able to do that. So it's really fundamentally the same strategy. Just there’s a little bit of shift in priorities and execution.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, Ghansham, I was just over with the team last week and we are still seeing a decent growth but it's just not as strong as it was. For the last few quarters we have seen good growth in Western Europe -- good growth in Eastern Europe but not at the higher rate that we have seen before. I actually think our results for Q4 will show okay but they will be different. In other words, our graphics sales weren’t very good in the third quarter because we had some execution problems. I believe those will rebound as we drive down our backlogs but on the labeling and packaging materials we have definitely seen a little bit of softening I would say the last couple of months in Western Europe. And yes, we are being pragmatic about the news coming out of Europe especially.
Dean Scarborough: George, as far as the CFO search goes, we have actually started the process. We are going to do an external search. We do have some internal candidates as well, so we are going to be doing some very active benchmarking there. And I expect it will take a few months, because -- especially at this time of year.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So George, I think we talked about in a few regions we have been going after some lower margin business that was still EVA positive. I think we may have overcorrected there in a couple places. And so, fundamentally, we have adjusted prices in a few countries to capture that through a combination of factors either direct price increases or reducing rebates.
Dean Scarborough: I think in Jan -- on the average it was the -- the moves have been EVA positive, especially even last quarter if you take the extra transition cost we had in Europe into account. But in some countries, in some product areas it wasn't EVA positive and that's where we are taking the corrective action.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, George, on RBIS, we've had very effective share gain in Europe and the strategies have worked extremely well there. In the U.S. actually there is some market segments where we are doing very well, especially in the performance and athletic segment and some of the fast-fashion segments. The area where we I would guess -- I won't say struggle, but we're trying to change the value proposition, is in the value and kind of contemporary fashion or probably easier to describe as department store sector. We have a couple of issues. One is that the portfolio of customers that we have traditionally had unfortunately, it's doing worse in the market. And so, one of the strategies here is to get and attract new customers. And we are having some early term success but it does take some time for that to play out. Also -- and I want to give the team some credit here. We have been doing a good job of pricing for value in all of our segments. And I think we just frankly got a little bit out of balance in a couple of these market segments. And so, we are again in the process of adjusting that and capturing some new business. And here is a case where we had lowered our fix cost and the variable margin is still very attractive. So again, I think it will take us a quarter or two to get back on track. But I think the team has good plans. We have made some changes in our commercial leadership in North America and actually moved one of our senior European leaders to North America who had been successfully executing that strategy. So I am confident we will be fine.
Dean Scarborough: George, one more piece of color on RBIS, especially for the North American business. There -- in especially the value segment, customers tend to buy a couple different ways. They use either nominated programs. In other words, they say you get a 100% of either my business or programs or they qualify multiple vendors. We then focus more on nominating programs. We have had a lot of success there because that really leverages our scale. But we have been less successful in the open platforms. So again, we have the ability to go get some more of this open business and that's really where the teams are focused.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. First of all, we're not seeing a lot of raw material inflation right now as you might expect. I think the strategy here overall is the right one. Grow the top-line faster through innovation, grow in higher margin category, accelerate growth in emerging markets where we tend to have higher than average margin. And so, I like -- we like the fundamental strategy. What we've been faced with on the margin is that our variable margins in the short-term aren’t as rich as we would like them to be. So, how do we address that? We address that by more targeted segmentation around pricing, making sure that some of the business we go after is definitely EVA positive. We didn't help ourselves with the operational hiccups that we had in the quarter. We would have had at least 20 or 30 more basis points of flow through in the quarter without those hiccups. So we've got to hone in a little bit on the execution, I’m confident that we'll get there. So it's a number of factors. And I think the team is -- understands what we need to do. We have got really good clarity about what's going on in the market. So we'll start to make some progress.
Dean Scarborough: Well we have had great growth in Graphics in North America, in Asia and I'm going to carve up the piece of business that's been sourced from Europe or Asia, and in South America. And up until we had some of the operational hiccups we also had higher than average growth at Europe at the same time. So, in the third quarter it wasn’t good because frankly we couldn’t get orders up in to work and we will have that backlog driven down in this quarter and be back. So, customers like our value proposition, we’re going to be more competitive after we complete the restructuring program. So, it’s an opportunity for us. We have relatively low market share and we have some fantastic new products. I think the one new product that is very popular right now is our Supreme Wrapping Film for automobiles. And it’s a great product, it’s got very nice margins, installers like it, customers like it. So, I encourage all of you guys to go out and stiff up your cars and try some of this new Supreme Wrapping Film.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, Anthony, it takes time and I think we have the data and we got the capabilities to do this. I don’t think there is a lack of knowledge here. So I don’t want to put a specific time frame on it because it’s difficult to predict and let’s face it. There are a lot of factors in here mix, what product lines are growing, country mix and as well as regional mix in terms of overall demand. But I think we will start to see some progression over the next few quarters.
Dean Scarborough: I think from, Rosemarie from European perspective we've definitely seen a slowdown in Russia which is probably not a surprise to most folks. And really all of Eastern Europe I don’t have any specifics on Ukraine, so it is awfully small. I will say though that the rate of growth that we had forecast or it’s part of our guidance range for the quarter, we’re at or a little bit above for the whole company after three weeks into the quarter. So I still got my fingers crossed, we got a long way to go. And when things slow down they tend to slow down near the end of the quarter rather than especially at the end of the year rather than in the beginning. So I'm cautiously optimistic. I think Europe, again, we’re concerned about the economics like everyone else, in Germany and in France, but I think that some of that will be offset by the improvement in our graphics business as we drive down the backlog. So we may not be indicative -- our numbers for Q4 may not be indicative of what’s exactly is happening in the market because we do have this large backlog of orders that we’re processing now.
Dean Scarborough: I think on the order side we defiantly lost the business during the quarter. When you can’t fulfill customer orders they generally look for other places to go. I will say though that the sales rate as we’re driving down the backlog has continued, the order rate I should say it continued to improve. So that I think is good. I think customers are always disappointed when you do that but once we get back into a normal service position they like our products, we've got a number of new products that we’ll be launching in graphics in the beginning of the year and we’ve got to execute obviously. And so we did, we did lose some business in the quarter for sure.
Dean Scarborough: Well, so it’s about half of our raw material base is driven by paper stocks and then the balance I say 35% are film and then the 15% are monomers, resins, other chemicals that we use in the manufacturing (inaudible). One thing I will note though and that is there is probably more of a decoupling between oil prices and some of the feed stocks that we buy mainly because of the -- especially in the U.S. when you have a lot more shale gas and oil being produced they don’t have the same derivatives as oil, let’s say, from the Middle East. And therefore, it doesn’t have same linkage. In other words, there are some products that we would buy that are less sought in the market place because of that change.
Dean Scarborough: That's correct. We haven’t seen a big change now. Obviously, we’re interested in making that happen if we can. So that's an area of focus for procurement there.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I don’t have that much detail, John, but typically it does tend to be smaller regional competitors. I mean that's still the bulk of the market place especially for those types of customers.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think in places like Asia, that’s where we’re doing some of the rebate adjustments. And we have. We’re constantly managing mix of our product portfolio. So there is business that we have “walked away from” and we’re – and the focus there is growing faster in higher margin profit category so. That's the balance that you’re always trying to achieve.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, it’s actually, Chris, this is fairly typical of the way the business works everywhere. I don’t think there is one place where it’s worse or better etcetera, etcetera. I mean this is a constant, I won’t call it a balancing act but – we've done a, I think the team has done a really good job of improving margins very successfully over the past few years, part of its through innovation. So that's where we get a lot of that the margin increase newer products either with lower cost and, therefore, we can substitute products with higher margins or brand new products that just have higher margins. And then again growing in product categories like durables our specialty products or graphics where we have higher variable margins and flow through so. So this has always been part of our formula on a go forward basis.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, it’s a little perplexing. You’re right that Europe has the market in Europe has grown nicely actually above GDP for the last 18 months whereas the U.S. has been I think for the last three or four quarters has been pretty flat. I try not to draw too many conclusions from that. We had growth in North America in the third quarter and that was nice to see. We don’t have the market data. So it’s difficult for us to calibrate on that. So I am actually perplexed by it. I still think there is growth in both geographies. And certainly for us whether it’s in graphics or durables or some of those other more specialized niche markets. So I wouldn’t declare that the business is sub GDP especially with Europe growing above. So I think this is too early to make a call like that.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think the decision on prices is driven not just by raw material cost, Selka. It’s driven but what we’re trying to do with the business and as well as raw material costs and prices. And propylene is one factor for us in a whole range of factors whether it would be pulp – remember pulp and paper is half of what we do. So I mean I hope you’re right about propylene. And if that happens our goal would be obviously to take advantage of that and, yes, customers will probably aware of those factors as well. But I think this is, I think in this environment we’re constantly taking pricing actions whether it’s being driven by currency or new products that we launch or number of factors and there are changes in raw materials all over the place. So I'm not too concerned about that.
Dean Scarborough: Well we have a very disciplined strategy for the use of our cash and a good model. We said back in May at the investor meetings that we were looking as potentially some small bolt-on acquisitions and we have a pipeline of deals. And as you can tell so far we haven’t found anything that makes sense. But if we find the right opportunity we’ll do that. We’re pretty -- we’re well below our targeted range for our – on our balance sheet for debt to EBITDA. And so we've got plenty of capacity to do both frankly. So that's -- we’re in a pretty good position actually.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, George, this is Dean, on the additional restructuring we’re going through our operating plan reviews in a few weeks. And our goal is to continue on our path of delivering against our long term financial target. So I think we’ll have a lot better visibility on what we want to do on productivity and cost out and restructuring etcetera, etcetera in a few weeks. And we’ll certainly let investors know when we do the fourth quarter call and provide guidance for next year. I think we have hopefully a good track record for identifying good productivity gains and executing them well. I think this in the third quarter we got probably the first hiccup that we’ve had and we’re committed to crisping that up and having better execution. But I think our teams are really good at finding additional sources of productivity and that’s going to be one of the areas just like we always did focus on the AOP. I think at Vancive, our goal is to have that business at breakeven next year. The new products that we’ve launched are what are causing the losses, and we’re investing in the future. And the products are fine. We’ve have a couple of commercial partners that haven’t frankly delivered what they said they would do and so it was taking a little longer for us to ramp up some of those new product launches. So this is an -- I’m confident and we’ve got a good team and good products, but we’re going to be very disciplined about how we move that forward.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, mainly George, I was just there again last week and we’re now hitting the metrics that we need to drive down the backlog, to improve our inventory and service levels to customers. So through the first three weeks of October anyway we’re making the progress that we, that the team is committed to so. And I’m pretty confident that we’ll get everything squared away by year end.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, thank you France. Just a quickly recap, our playbook hasn’t changed. We’re continuing to pursue the broad strategic priorities that we’ve communicated in the past fine tuning were appropriate and tightening up the execution of our commercial and operational initiatives. I know Mitch will continue to be an outstanding partner in driving our value creation agenda and I look forward to working with him and the rest of the organization to achieve our strategic vision and financial goals. Thank you, and we’ll talk to you all in the New Year.
Mitch Butier: And Ghansham, as far as from an organizational standpoint, right now given what Dean just said for a period of time I want to spend some time really, I know this business well but I want to do a deep immersion with the team and just spend more time in that organization.
Mitch Butier: There is a tremendous amount of variation around year end as we have talked about, Ghansham. So we are not going to quantify and that's what we just said it's now going to be less than and it's the timing of vendor payments and customer receipts as we have talked about, but also if we look at where we are in the productivity front on working capital, we are a little behind from where we want to be. And so the key focus her is can we achieve our objective by the end of the year where we are going to be on working capital. We do expect it to be lower than $300 million at this point, could be a pretty wide range, a good portion of that. Any shortfall will come through next year. Our overall focus here is continuing to maintain long term capital discipline while we generate significant cash flow over the long time. So if you recall last year we made a significant Q4 free cash flow of $225 million and a big outflow in Q1. So we actually see a rebalancing of this is actually could be a good thing.
Mitch Butier: So as far as your question of do I see myself running it indefinitely, one thing I have learned is nothing is indefinite. So not making any decisions on that whole front right now. For me the key thing is we’ve got the right strategy, we got a great team within the materials organization. We know we got to do, we know we've got to make some course corrections and that's what the team and I will be focused on. And like I said before, I want to spend a period of time doing a deep immersion with the organization and on the strategies. And we'll evaluate as time goes by about how we adjust of course from the organizational front.
Mitch Butier: And Gorge, your math is right. It's about a $0.25 less than $49 a share average for the quarter. If you look at our absolute share buyback within Q3, it was 1.9 million of shares, which is basically the same we had in Q2. So when this stock started declining at the end of July, we ramped up our share repurchase activity. But as is said, it's -- we have limits based on daily trading volume. And as you know, volumes drop quite a bit off in the summer month. So we accelerated, but it's relative to trading volume. And as I said further, we have accelerated even further in the month of October.
Mitch Butier: And the thing I'd add on the mix front, from a product mix standpoint, this is something that we have been looking to address in focusing more growth on specialty and so forth. And so, we are seeing things. Despite the very slow graphics quarter in Europe, which is higher variable margin, we are starting to see a stabilization because of the successful implementation of those efforts. So that's one thing and the other is country mix I highlighted as well. So the very low growth in China. China has higher variable margins as well, also is impact for us, so, okay.
Mitch Butier: Well so we’re just going to provide the information, Scott, at the overall company level but if you’re trying to get a feel for what was for the quarter versus reversal of some prior quarter item. So I mentioned that it was a 60 basis point benefit to the quarter. So year-to-date it’s about a 30 base point benefit year-to-date. So you can compare the impact of the various quarters and understand what the implication would be to ‘15. And then within the segment, won’t provide specific numbers but what I’ll say is its less for PSM and more for RBIS meaning more of a benefit for RBIS and still benefit in PSM but less though.
Mitch Butier: As for the collectability of receivables and so forth, Rosemarie, we haven’t seen anything abnormal in the change. And actually if you look at our measures we have for quality of receivable they’ve actually improved from where they were last year but we do have small adjustments and so forth and hits periodically but nothing else out of the norm right now.
Mitch Butier: That's a portion of the comp reduction there but only the portion that relates to corporate employee. So there is always some variation in this line. There is a number of things that can impact that. The right number to be thinking about is roughly $80 million per year.
Mitch Butier: You’re right to call us out, Selka. So usually we get savings roughly equal to the amount of cost that we incur. The exception of the large European restructuring just restructuring in Europe are more costly relative to the saving. So that is why you see a little bit of a differential here, higher cost this year relative to the amount of savings we are expecting. And given the timing of the implementation of the European restructuring, there is actually also further about $5 million that will come in ‘16 from the action this year, but you’ve right to call it out but it is a little bit different from the norm and I wouldn’t call it conservative. Now we do expect to have further restructuring next year which is without further savings as well. Some of that would impact next year and some of that impact a year after as well.
Mitch Butier: No, so a couple of things. It’s not hitting just the corporate line, those numbers that I quoted 60 basis point was across the company. So it’s in fact --
Mitch Butier: Yes. So it was about 60 basis points in the quarter; year-to-date it’s about 30 basis points. So you’d expect it to be, assuming everything plays out like we’re planning, it’d be roughly the 30 basis points.
Mitch Butier: You would not be further adjusting down but you would be accruing less than you had in the prior year Q4. That's how that works.
Mitch Butier: George, as far as your first question about the timing of savings for next year using roughly evenly distributing that throughout the year is the right to rule of thumb to start with. What you’ll see on the carry over front, not talking about the new initiatives, on the carry over front more the savings will be front loaded to – to RBIS in the first part of the year, and as you go out through the later part of the year more of those savings would be in PSM as this European restructuring project comes to completion.
George Staphos: Okay. I mean, just a quick question on that. If it's EVA positive then, why do you need to increase pricing? And then, I had a follow-on on RBIS and I'll turn it over.
George Staphos: Okay. Understood on that. My last one, then I'll turn it over. With RBIS given all that you bring to bear and all that you've told us about in terms of your value proposition, how is it that you are losing market share in the U.S.? And then, Mitch, just a quick one, just on share buyback, some numbers that the team and I were running, looks like the average share buyback price we would calculate for the third quarter was around $49 a share, is that correct, and if not could you tell us what the average repurchase price was? Thank you.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks for that. And maybe lastly in 30 seconds, why should we be comfortable that the transitional manufacturing cost issues in PSM are now behind in Europe? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
