Mitchell Butier: George, yes. So as far as our outlook, specifically, as we said, the base apparel business within RBIS was down low single digits in Q2. And it's particularly one segment, specifically value -- the value channel, where we're seeing some of the inventory reduction. So we're not seeing it across the board overall, and we've provided allowance within our guidance for further destocking going on throughout the rest of the year. So that is within our guidance here overall.  And just one -- just reflect -- I know there's a lot of headwinds around what's going on in the apparel market and what the impacts are on the broader macro. The strength of the business that we have here is we continue to gain share, increase our value proposition within the base. But as you know, a key strategic pillar of ours is to, over time, shift the portfolio more to higher-value categories. So this business, RBIS, is now 50% in high-value segments, and that's a big part of our resiliency in addition to profitably growing the base.  As far as China, yes, so China, we obviously had -- we gave -- I commented earlier that, obviously, we had an impact on being able to get product out the door in Q2. And our big portion of our facilities are -- were in the Shanghai area, but we're seeing a bit of anemic demand recovering from that. So that is something that we continue to see -- what you're probably seeing in the headlines and so forth, and that's something that we continue to monitor. But we basically don't have a sudden bounce back in our guidance overall if that's your question.
Mitchell Butier: And just to build on that within RBIS specifically. So the overall growth, the vast majority of that is volume if you look at it from an organic basis. We don't usually talk price within RBIS, but we are raising prices within RBIS as well because of the inflation, particularly in Intelligent Labels just given the inflation we're seeing on integrated circuits for that business.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So just your first question, yes, we're raising our outlook for this platform to 20% plus over the coming years, beginning next year. And yes, the pipeline is robust. We've been talking about the pipeline. We've been investing in this over the years, food, logistics, general merchandise as well as our strength within apparel. And so we saw momentum building, as we've talked about, particularly during the pandemic in the last couple of years, but it takes a little while for those to completely ramp, one.  Two, we mentioned that we'd be hard-pressed to exceed our 20% this year just because of chip supply. So as we look into 2023 and 2024, the chip supply is still going to be constrained, but we've been able to secure additional incremental supply to be able to go above that 20% and let this flow through. So this is -- a key shift that we're seeing is as we go into next year and beyond.  The largest contributor of this business, as you know, is apparel. It's about 3/4 of the business. And while the percentage growth outside of apparel has been higher for the last few years, the unit volume growth has been bigger in apparel just given its size. We see that starting to shift next year. The largest unit volume contributors will be the ones outside of apparel next year. Still strong growth in apparel, but it's going to be outside. So that's all the elements we've been working and talking through.  If you look at food, QSRs, continue to get great momentum there. If you look at general merchandise, we are having a significant growth in -- on home goods and toys and so forth as retailers see the opportunity to apply the lessons from apparel into other categories. Grocery within food, we are excitingly just starting a new pilot with a large grocery company, and that's really linking.  We talked about, when we did the acquisition of Vestcom, the strategic opportunity to leverage their sales channel and data management capabilities to introduce it there. So we've just started a pilot within food. And then logistics, we're seeing a number of opportunities across different companies that we are working through.  So strong momentum overall. The pipeline is robust. And what you're seeing is it's starting to realize and come through. That said, yes, we will be 20% plus. But the supply chains remain tight, and that's also feeding into the inflation. And we're passing through the price increases that we need to recover that inflation and it's sticking. So that's overall.  If you asked about the profitability, the profitability of this business is above average. That's what we've commented on before. We are -- even with this more significant revenue growth, we will continue to keep investing in this business. So that higher profitability is after the incremental investments we've been making, and we will continue to do so because we see significant opportunities over the long term in this space.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we do reprice the backlogs, one. Two, yes, the -- this business usually doesn't have a backlog, and we don't talk about backlog on this business. And that's where we ultimately want to be given just the quick delivery times and so forth. Given the constraints and the high demand in the end market, backlogs began to creep up a couple of years ago. And we're seeing a slight moderation going from Q1 to Q2, and we want that moderation to continue throughout the second half.  And part of that is people getting back in the queue just given the uncertainty of availability of raw materials and everything else. And so that's something we called out previously, and that's something that we expect to work down through the second half. Particularly when -- as we commented on, the constraints around paper and so forth, people are seeing in the macro that that's been easing in the second half of Q2, and we're seeing it ease further here in Q3.  So still remains extremely high. We haven't commented on the magnitude of it. This business shouldn't have much of a backlog, and that's what we hope to get back to here in the coming few quarters.
Mitchell Butier: Well, we just put a plus on that. We're not going to comment on pricing, volumes and dynamics, but the plus is -- the shift can be completely attributed to volumes.
Mitchell Butier: So just high level, the volume trend had been improving throughout the course of Q2, and we see that continuing into Q3. The volumes are still down at the beginning of Q3, but that's as we expected as the raw material constraints continue to free up and so forth. So we are starting to see here very recently getting to the levels that we would expect. So it's completely consistent with our guidance that we provided, and we're seeing an upward trend as we've commented on.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Great. Well, another great quarter and another great performance by the team. So I just want to thank our entire team once again for their tireless efforts, dedication and focus. It's truly remarkable. We continue to raise the bar for ourselves and deliver. So thank you to the entire team, and thanks to everybody who joined the call here.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. This is Greg. So overall, in Europe, the majority of our growth in LGM in the quarter really across North America and Europe was pricing driven. So Europe is where we've seen the most significant amount of inflation particularly in paper as we've gone through the last couple of quarters. A lot of that's driven by the increase in energy prices that are impacting our paper producers as well. So we'll continue to see the highest level of inflation across the globe in Europe, and that's where we've had the most amount of pricing actions as well as we moved through the last year or so. So that's largely pricing driven.  As we look into really volume perspective, both North America and Europe, we talked about volumes being down particularly in paper due to the constraints we had in the second quarter. I think Mitch mentioned earlier in his comments that we started to see the paper supply flow in late Q2 and increasing into July. So we'll expect that to improve sequentially from a volume perspective, Q2 to Q3.  Overall, I think your second question was around pricing across the regions. In line with what I just said, most of our growth in Q2 was around pricing, we're continuing to accelerate the pace of our pricing actions and close the gap in terms of the timing of when we see inflation to when pricing actions take place.
Gregory Lovins: Sure. So on your first question, last year, we delivered a bit more than 100% from a cash flow conversion perspective. I think our expectation for this year, given some of the increased pace of CapEx as well as some working capital increases with all the inflation and pricing actions, we expect it to be a little bit lower than 100% but still in that 90% to 100% range for this year as well.  On the FX headwind, we've got about a $0.25 increase versus our previous guidance. About $0.05 of that was in the second quarter, and the other $0.20 is in the back half.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So there's a number of factors driving what are strong margins really across the company but in LGM as well in the second quarter. One of those is a strong product mix. Our specialty business was up quite a bit in the quarter. It grew more than 20% in the quarter with volumes up as well. And our bulk paper business was down in the quarter given some of the paper constraints. So we had a strong mix impact in Q2 in particular.  We also -- as we've said earlier, we've been accelerating our pricing. We're getting closer and closer to pricing real time with the inflation. And as we're seeing that inflation, Q2 was actually the most significant inflation we've seen since the cycle started a year or so ago. But some of that inflation is sitting in inventory still at the end of the quarter and will come through when we sell that inventory through here in the third quarter. And then there's a number of much smaller onetime-type items in Q2.  So I think when we look forward, we'll see a little bit of a mix impact from Q2 to the back half as that base paper volume comes back into play here in the third quarter, and we see also a sequential inflation increase. We've talked earlier about paper continuing to be a headwind for us with paper increasing particularly in Europe but also in North America.  So overall, some near-term impacts, but we remain confident in the long-term trajectory of this business. And the margin expectations we have for this business continue to be strong, and we expect to continue delivering strong top line growth overall for this business with strong margins, strong capital efficiency. And that generates strong EVA over time and continue to drive strong EVA growth across this business.
