Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. I'm pleased to say we had a solid third quarter. Sales were up nearly 6% on an organic basis, the strongest organic growth we've had since the first quarter of 2011. Our strong top line results were driven by continued momentum in Pressure-sensitive Materials and a rebound in the core business of Retail Branding and Information Solutions, including the accelerating adoption of RFID by retailers. The impact of higher sales and significant productivity improvements drove higher adjusted operating profit. As a result, we raised our guidance for full year EPS. We are on track to hit our full year guidance for free cash flow. As you know, one priority is to return more cash to shareholders. And through the first 9 months of the year, we met that commitment with a dividend increase and by repurchasing 7.7 million shares. In total, we've returned $312 million of cash to shareholders in the first 3 quarters. Now turning to the businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials had another solid quarter on both the top and bottom line. Label and Packaging Materials grew sales in every region with double-digit growth in emerging markets. We had a very successful Labelexpo in Chicago this year, launching more than 14 new products and winning the Labelexpo Green Award for our new Bottle-to-Bottle Film portfolio, which uses a special adhesive that enables more effective recycling of PET bottles. The Graphics and Reflective businesses also increased sales, and we have begun to see the savings from that integration with Labeling and Packaging Materials. RBIS delivered modest growth in sales in the early part of the third quarter, but then finished the quarter with a very strong September. Sales growth was strongest among U.S. retailers and brand owners, reflecting rising confidence about next year's spring season, coupled with lower cotton prices. Not surprisingly, end market demand in Europe remains weak, but we still delivered mid-single-digit sales growth among European retailers through share gains. In fact, we believe we are taking share in both the U.S. and Europe through improved service and new products, including our exterior embellishment. In addition, RFID sales to apparel retailers were up nearly 70% over last year. Item-level RFID is clearly accelerating. It took about 6 years to ship our first billion inlays, but we shipped the second billion in less than 18 months. Demand for RFID inlays in the RBIS business translated into a big improvement in profitability in the RFID division, which is reported as part of other specialty converting. I'm very pleased with our progress in RFID. At Office and Consumer Products, third quarter sales were roughly flat compared with prior year, and we saw improvement in underlying operating profit primarily through productivity gains. Obviously, we're disappointed that the proposed sale of Office and Consumer Products to 3M was terminated. We have restarted the sale process and have several interested buyers, both strategic and financial. That said, even if OCP isn't sold, we expect this business to continue to deliver solid free cash flow. Our restructuring initiative is on track to deliver more than $100 million of annualized savings by mid-2013. We are creating a leaner cost structure that is enhancing our competitive position and strengthening our ability to increase returns. Turning to the outlook. Our updated full year guidance reflects some caution about the top line. We had a very strong September, but that followed moderate growth in July and August. Given the short lead times we operate on, we'll need more time to call this a sustainable trend. Now the first 3 weeks of October look right on track with our -- the guidance that we provided in today's press release. Thanks. And now I'll hand it over to Mitch.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, George, first of all, September usually is the start of the ordering season for the spring, so that's normal. This September...
Dean A. Scarborough: It was definitely a year-on-year improvement. So a couple of factors. We talked before about how high cotton prices impacted unit demand. Right now, apparel unit costs are about 10% less than they were in the first half of the year, mainly due to lower cotton and other raw material costs. Retailers buy -- when they buy in an open-to-buy, they buy on dollars, they don't buy on units necessarily. So what we're saying there is the impact of lower unit costs for apparel, so they're buying more. So it's the reverse effect of what we saw in 2011. In the U.S., there is more retailer confidence as they look at consumer confidence rising. So I think there's just a little bit more optimism, although I do believe that retailers are still going to keep their inventories under control because we have not seen a significant change in the outlook for -- in terms of the inventory-to-sales ratio. In Europe, I'd say there's more pessimism. But we have been able, with our new products and focusing on our innovation center, executed pretty good market share gains in Europe, so I'm pleased about that.
Dean A. Scarborough: So RFID is increasingly becoming a part of the story. I'd say close to 1/3 of the growth that we had in the quarter was due to RFID adoption. I do want to make the point though that the core business of RBIS came back. And so it's not just an RFID story. RFID is definitely an add-on, and we do see an acceleration of adoption by major retailers. So we're feeling, I'd say, bullish about the impact on RFID and we're clearly well-positioned as the go-to player as companies implement item-level marking using RFID. So I'm happy about that. As far as Office and Consumer Products goes, we are doing 2 things in parallel. We clearly have the sale process underway. We have a number of interested buyers, both strategic and financial. And I'm hopeful we'll get more clarity about that. I'm hopeful that we'll have more clarity during the first quarter. These processes have a life of their own, so it's sometimes difficult to predict. At the same time, we are working very diligently to understand if we don't get a good offer for the business, how would we manage the business to optimize free cash flow over the next 4 to 5 years. We have not invested a lot of restructuring money in this business over the last couple of years because we're -- our #1 priority is to sell it. But in my mind, that restructuring plan and the cash that we can get provides a floor versus what we could potentially get in the sale process.
Dean A. Scarborough: We'll probably know the answer to the pull forward in December because that's when sales start to taper off. I'd say right now, again, I'll just reiterate the first 3 weeks of October, pretty much across-the-board, are reflective of the guidance that we put into play. It's just -- we just won't know. We just don't have that much forward visibility.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, recall that we had somewhat easier comps year-over-year because we started to see a slowdown and we did have some share loss beginning with the second quarter of 2011. I think the teams have done a great job, though, of recapturing some of that share with some of our new innovative products as well as a focus on some certain product segments. We regained -- I feel, we don't have the numbers yet, but I feel pretty confident we've regained some of that market share. North American business, though, seems to me to be trending a little bit with the market in terms of we definitely hear from label converters in the U.S. business conditions are more positive than we hear from Europe. Although I have to say, most European customers, based on what I hear, their outlook is a lot more positive than when you read the Financial Times, which is focused probably mainly on the financial sector than it is kind of the basic operations and consumer sector.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, the -- mainly in what we call premier and mid-market, which includes department stores, is probably the major driver right now. And then I would say following that would be vertical retail.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's 90% all about inventory and making sure that you have exactly what you're supposed to have on the floor to enhance sales. And what we then find is that once retailers get those systems put into place, you can enable loss prevention at a very low incremental cost to that. So that comes as a secondary benefit.
Dean A. Scarborough: I don't think that's the main driver. We do know that retailers, when they sell online and at the store, those stores become places where customers return things as well as pick them up. And so it actually provides, in a way, more opportunities for us because now re-marking items at a store is actually more important than it's been before. So we do have a number of solutions that we offer retailers that allow them to price mark and re-mark garments right in the store and it's very much synchronized with their overall systems.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, so our tax rate isn't where it is right now and we're not providing guidance for next year. We did say as earnings go up, it will have a little bit of downward pressure on our income tax rate. The -- one of the biggest factors for us, though, and uncertainty for tax rates in the future is really around the repatriation of cash into the U.S. and what the laws will be prevailing over the coming years. So that'll have the biggest single impact. The cash tax rate, so how much cash we actually pay, had been in the upper 20s and have continued to trend down and we'd expect that still to be in that upper 20% range next year as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say the trend is fairly stable and we did lower -- I mean, on a year-over-year basis, we had used some surcharges in 2011 as a way to raise prices and some of those surcharges have rolled back definitely. But when you look on a net-net basis between pricing and material costs, essentially it's neutral.
Dean A. Scarborough: Depends on what raw material prices do. I'm expecting more of, I think, a stable raw material environment going forward. The big factor, actually, that we had in the quarter was more mix. We're growing faster in some of the paper and variable information product categories, which has a little bit of a downward impact on the margin. Still profitable business, just not as profitable as some of our films business.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's profitable. Yes, just a -- so what we do is we buy chips and we make antennas and we attach the chips to the antennas and put it on a plastic, basically, a roll plastic. That plastic inlay, once it is delivered to RBIS and inserted into tag or care label, whatever the form factor is for the retailer, the RFID business has been profitable for 3 quarters in a row and I expect that to maintain on a go-forward basis.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, if you look at the RBIS segment alone, the actual margin percent for RFID is lower than the average, mainly because we're selling -- instead of instead of selling at a $0.01 to $0.02 tag, we're selling at a $0.09 to $0.10 tag. So the margins per unit are higher, but the margins on a percent basis are lower. Now that doesn't include the profit we get from making the inlays at the same time. So overall, I think, from a company perspective, it's good for us.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we've been gaining market share over the last, I would say, 8 to 10 quarters and I believe it's because we fundamentally have been improving our value proposition. We've improved our service. We have more innovative new products out there like the external embellishments. We've invested in innovation and innovation center for customers to visit. So I think we've been doing a good job there. Clearly, there have been some customers that have come to us and said, we need some help. And so that's -- I would say it's a small part of our share gains during the quarter. It's certainly not the majority.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, that's exactly the case. And so we have a number of potential buyers that were in the first process. So I think for them it will be relatively rapid. And again, I'm always cautious. These processes always take a little bit longer than the bankers tell you that they take. So the last time, it took almost a year. So just a little over a quarter for me is certainly a shortened time frame.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. There's so many factors that come in to impact the margin. I mean, so there's volume, there's mix, et cetera, et cetera. I don't think there'll be anything material in there, George.
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have our Performance Tapes business, our Design and Engineered Solutions business, so it's basically an industrial converting business and includes some things like stamps and batteries. And I don't think it's been -- there's not been a material change in those -- in the performance of those businesses. I mean, it's such a small segment. Or it's not even technically a segment, but it's so small that a little bit of change in profitability makes the margin swing by quite a bit. So I'll give you an example. We do postage stamps for the U.S. Postal Service. They ran out of money in the third quarter and so they didn't order anything. Now they're starting to order again. So that had given -- even in a small segment like that, it had an impact.
Dean A. Scarborough: We haven't seen any material adds in capacity, really, in any region, there's -- I mean, of the investments that I'm aware of. There's been some limited addition to capacity in China. You mentioned one of our competitors added some specialty capacity, but that tends to be for a small segment of the market. It's just not material.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think North America grew in the mid- to high single digits. Europe was in the low single digits. Latin America was very strong, double-digit growth, as well as Asia Pacific. And I haven't really seen in 3 weeks, I wouldn't call any other trends. I mean, the first week of October is Golden Week in China. So it's slower right now, but I expect it to pick back up as the quarter progresses.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's been -- China has been choppier than I recall. But still, it's been growing the last couple of quarters at a double-digit rate. So I feel like at least -- the consumer sector of China is what drives our Pressure-sensitive Materials business. I think the export and the investment sectors of China had the biggest part of the downturn whereas consumer side, it seems to be doing okay, even though it's relatively, the developed market's a smaller percentage of the economy.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think the third quarter, again, because seasonality back-to-school moved more in the third quarter than it did in the fourth quarter -- or sorry, than last year, so I mean they did have a good third quarter.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, if you're trying to compare to the old information when it was in continuing operations, you must recall that the corporate allocations that get pushed back in the segments are no longer happening for a discontinued operation. So these results are not apples-to-apples with the numbers you're talking about for Q3 of last year.
Dean A. Scarborough: So China, it's a good question. I don't believe that the new leadership change in China they're going to want to see the economy slow down. So I anticipate that there will be some more stimulative measures taken. The Pressure-sensitive business really is, I'd say, 80% dependent on consumer demand in China and -- which I think is a good factor, and I know the Chinese government wants to continue to shift a higher percentage of their GDP over time to being driven by consumer spending rather than infrastructure or exports. So anything that helps the Chinese consumer will help our Pressure-sensitive business on a go-forward basis. The RBIS business, though, is really driven by apparel and worldwide apparel trends and how much of that is made in China. It's still a very important factor for us. But I think the factors impacting RBIS are more about apparel costs and consumer confidence in mature markets.
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't disclose that. But more than 1/3 of our sales, about 35% of our continuing operations are in emerging markets and that includes the emerging markets in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe.
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have manufacturing operations for RBIS wherever apparel was made. So for example, we have large operations in South Asia, which would include India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. So those are -- especially Bangladesh is a growth area for apparel production, just as Vietnam and Indonesia are growth areas for apparel production. They're taking some share from China. So we're well-positioned to capture apparel demand pretty much no matter where it's manufactured.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thank you, France. So just to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter performance. Our Pressure-sensitive Materials business is executing well with continued growth in emerging markets and innovation, driving decoration transfer and share gains all over the world, including Europe and North America. And I'm also pleased with the ongoing integration of our Graphics and Reflective businesses, as well as the research center. Those remain on track. The RBIS core business has rebounded sharply now that apparel unit costs have dropped, and there is some rising retailer confidence in the U.S. RFID continues to penetrate and we're also delivering nice returns from that business as well in both the RBIS sector and other specialty converting. And we're going to continue to drive RBIS, drive top line performance while continuing to reduce our fixed costs. That's a big part of the story. The Office and Consumer Products business, obviously disappointing news with the termination. But again, we have restarted the sale process and we're hopeful to get a resolution on that in the first quarter of next year. We're on track with free cash flow and I'm really happy and just delighted to have been -- to deliver more cash to shareholders in 2012, than certainly we have the past couple of years. And then, I really need to thank the Avery Dennison team from around the world who are continuing to work safely, working to improve quality and service and focus on customers while also driving big productivity gains from a number of the actions that we're taking all around the world. It's not easy, and I want them to know I really appreciate their results. So thank you, operator, and we look forward to talking to you in the New Year.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so we are -- what we provided last time is we said we expected about $15 million of the $100-plus million savings to hit this year. We're expecting a little bit more than that now to hit this year, closer to $20 million. And a lot of that's back-half weighted, so the run rate's obviously higher than that with the remainder of it hitting in 2013 and will be in the run rate by mid-next year.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So that $20 mil -- roughly $20 million is net of some transition costs. So if you look sequentially, Q4 versus Q3, there's actually the incremental savings you'd expect in Q4 versus Q3 is offset by some transition costs we have for one of the specific actions.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, we haven't provided an update to the range, but the way to think about this is if the sale does not go through, we've provided some data points for 2011, what the EBITDA was, you can see free cash flow for this year. So we will still have free cash flow for that 4-year period. But in addition to that, we would not need to deleverage as much as what was in that model because we still have the EBITDA from Office Products. So if you go through the math, you'd see that we're definitely looking at well over $1 billion of cash flow to distribute to shareholders over that time frame.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, technically, after a 12-month period, but we've -- because we've restarted a new process, the clock starts again.
Mitchell R. Butier: One of the things Dean mentioned earlier, George, is when we're talking year-over-year, recall we did lose some share, particularly in Europe last year. So part of that recovery is just recovering what was lost.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so the margins are actually relatively high because you've got profitability without a whole lot of sales because the sales are actually eliminated within other specialty converting for what's sold to RBIS. So yes, they are higher than the average.
Mitchell R. Butier: As far as the trend within the quarter, the growth was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. It builds up a little bit later in the quarter, but on a modest level. RBIS was the standout where it had an exceptional, most of its growth all in September.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, the timing of when you receive that amount of proceeds, obviously impacts how much share you're going to buy back and the timing of that. But we don't comment on the pace or timing of when we do share repurchases. You can see it had a modest impact on the amount of shares expected to be outstanding for the full year. We were at 103 million before, we're now saying it's going to be between 103 million and 104 million. So it did have some impact, but we're not going to comment on the specific timing.
Mitchell R. Butier: So in this quarter, the $0.20 GAAP that you see for discontinued ops is the same for pro forma. So you can just add the $0.20 to the $0.53 that you see to get $0.73.
Mitchell R. Butier: You have to recall that this business has had a lot of seasonality to it. And Q2 and Q3 are the peak for back-to-school. And we talked last quarter that some of the back-to-school timing had shifted into Q3. So Q3 was relatively strong relative to the rest of the quarters.
Mitchell R. Butier: Silke, just we restated and gave multiple quarter information, I think it was back in January, and we'd be happy to go over that with you as well and help identify where these variances are.
Mitchell R. Butier: The stranded costs are changing dramatically given all the cost reduction and so forth that we're going through between the cost reduction we've announced this last July and the July before that. So there's a lot of moving parts in talking about the stranded costs. I think would not get to the end you're trying to achieve. So I'd be happy to go over it with you later. We've eliminated all the stranded costs related to Office and Consumer Products. After doing that, we're also structurally reducing the amount of corporate overhead as well. So if you think about it just in those terms, those stranded costs are gone, but that still won't give you the comparison I think you're looking for.
Silke Kueck-Valdes: Okay. And like the way it works is if that the label itself is manufactured in other specialty converting and then it's sort of like transferred in some form, I guess, on a cost basis to the RBIS business. And so if I look at other specialty converting, is that business now breakeven or is it profitable? Or how do I think. . .
Silke Kueck-Valdes: So you get like $0.73, so versus $0.53. So that means the Office Products division earned $0.20 this quarter and...
Silke Kueck-Valdes: Well, those are higher than any of the numbers I remember from, like, 2011 when you still reported the business. So like it seems to be doing well.
Silke Kueck-Valdes: Right. But like last year, it was -- it ran at $22 million in the second quarter and the third quarter was $21 million. So these numbers -- I mean, these are still much higher than what it was in '11.
