Dean Scarborough: Thanks Eric. The first quarter was an encouraging start to the year. Well, the results benefit from comparison with one of our toughest quarters. We saw meaningful increases in demand especially in raw materials, graphics and reflective products and retail information services. Our volumes are not all the way back to pre-recession levels, but we are pleased none the less. We saw a solid top line growth across all regions and we had double digit growth in all emerging markets. Gross profit margin was more than a point better than the fourth quarter and more than four points better year-over-year. The operating leverage from restructuring and other productivity initiatives enabled gross margins more than 250 basis points above 2008 levels on 5% lower sales. Operating margin before restructuring charges and other items improved 170 basis points from the fourth quarter in 2009. We did see raw material inflation accelerating. We did raise prices in the first quarter, but it wasn't enough to offset the inflation that we felt during the last two quarters. We've announced price increases going forward in many of our businesses, and while we do expect that we will cover the raw material increases there likely will be some lag. Turning to the businesses, the pressure sensitive segment delivered very strong margin growth. Raw materials momentum in the fourth quarter continued especially in emerging markets. Our end user marketing programs are creating a pipeline of new opportunities for decoration transfer which will enable above market growth as we continue to implement those programs. Graphics and reflective products benefited from restocking to accommodate a modest increase in promotional spending. This division is also launched two new products, a new cast film that has superior conformability and new reflective sheeting that makes signs more visible at night. Retail information services experienced increased demand and benefited from comparison with one of their most difficult quarters, the first quarter of last year when retailers dramatically accelerated inventory to stocking. What we see is apparel sales beginning to increase and while it's too early to call a pipeline refill because retailers are still watching their inventories closely. We are definitely seeing an uptick in buying since retailers are tacking to catch up with those sales increases. This year, we actually started strong and we are continuing to see solid demand right through the second quarter today. Office and consumer products were the exception to our margin story in the quarter. End demand for our products is still declining, but at a slower rate. As both of you know we have new competition in the labels category, and will spend some money to defend our strong brand position as well as continuing to increase our spending on innovation in new areas. I'm confident we will continue to be successful in our printable media business because we have excellent relationships with customers including an outstanding service record and recognized expertise in category management and the Avery brand has very strong consumer brand equity. In fact, it drives traffic to the stores and our customers understand us. We will be increasing our investment in demand creation including 3D and radio advertising which you will see later this year, and you will see us begin to launch several new products late this year, and early in 2011. The Europe IT business continues to develop well with demand up more than 50% from one year ago. There continues to be strong interest in item level marking in retail but we also see trying another application as well. Now Dan will go over the quarter in more detail.
Dean Scarborough: I would add to it George. Then in the low end of the guidance range we gave versus the high end, the raw material inflationary impact in our ability to cover pricing early versus late is a key factor in moving us between the two ends of the guidance range.
Dean Scarborough: I think that certainly a couple of our competitors were actually losing money or having negative operating margins for a few quarters after the round of inflation and then the recession hit. I sense, certainly a renewed focus on making money and I think that's a good thing. And we're going to continue to raise prices and then raw material inflation occurs. So I feel confident that customers want to continue to buy from us and we need to pass on those costs and I think folks understand that.
Dean Scarborough: Okay, so on the first one, obviously RIS is driven by apparel. The inventory to sales ratio for apparel dropped to its lowest level ever at least on our charts in a number of years in February. So at the same time I think March apparel sales would actually be down quite nicely. So I think we're starting to see some restocking. Frankly what we're seeing anecdotally is retailers giving us a forecast of that and then saying, when they actually order, saying, oh no, its X+15 or X+20 and so my sense is that in the U.S., for U.S. retailers and brand owners, there's a lot more confidence and so we're feeling pretty good about the trends. Lets say apparel is kind of one of those low cost luxuries and as consumers get a little more confident, buying that extra outfit isn't huge. Back to school is all about binders and dividers for us and so the two are necessarily linked. I have got to tell you, every other year it's the same. So one year it's early, the next year it's late. And we actually from a couple of customers who want their back to school season to run a little later and longer, that we just simply expect the orders to flow through a little more in the third quarter than the second quarter. However it's always tough to predict. They could change their mind in the next two weeks and we just don't know.
Dean Scarborough: I think a year or two is about right. I think -- we've got a number of new application and product areas that we've been doing a lot of qualitative and quantitative research in and we'll be launching some new products at the end of this year but most of the activity on new products will likely really hit in 2011 and also we feel good in the test markets that we had versus our competitor in the States as we've done quite well. So I guess maybe the real answer is as long as it takes to defend the category, we're confident we'll be successful.
Dean Scarborough: We had some inflation in the fourth quarter we recall and so we caught up with some of that inflation in Q1 although we did see additional inflation in Q1 as well.
Dean Scarborough: We've seen it kind of across the board to be honest, both in industrial applications but certainly in retail for item level marking. There has been the highest level of interest we have ever experienced and we're definitely going to see a ramp up in the back half of the year as we implement a couple of key programs and I anticipate actually a sort of a higher scenario level. We may have to actually increase our capital budget a bit, internally, not externally at this point but invest in some capacity because I think we're close to a tipping point in item level marking for RFID and we'll see. We've been kind of there before but there is a lot more serious discussion about this technology from a lot of retailers.
Dean Scarborough: It's a expense on the retailer of course but its anywhere from $5,000 to $15,000 to $20,000 per store in terms of investment, in terms of the readers in the other devices required to read from a capital perspective. Of course it changes the consumables cost as well and you're taking a tag that costs $0.02 and your making it cost $0.10. So there is an investment there. But the business case is solid in terms of reduced inventory, increased sales from having products in stock and the balance between those two is actually what retailers are focused a lot on right now. So, it's happening.
Dean Scarborough: We need more rapid growth and we need some more productivity to get to the margin charges that we had, so it's not going to happen instantaneously for sure, but and I don't want to get into your formula but I still have a strong belief that this business, it will be an important contributor to economic profit for the corporation going forward.George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I will turn it over. Thanks Dean.
Dan O'Bryant: Yes. Absolutely, first quarter is the weakest quarter in this business seasonally and we are feeling the effect of the typical seasonal orders served right now.Ghansham Panjabi – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks.
Dan O'Bryant: Well, I think I'm not going to put a number on it. George, it's tough to predict exactly the rate of inflation and how fast you can get your prices up, but just as we had 7, the January call one of their concerns we had was if the economy was rebounding quickly that we would see an imbalance in supply and demand in some raw materials and that's exactly what we are starting to experience now. So, we will get the prices where we need to get them, but it's awfully hard as you know to match that quarter-for-quarter. We saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter last year, and we managed to catch up somewhat in Q1 and the raise in prices now. So, fundamentally that is from my perspective they just drag on the year. I think even longer and it won't be a drag within a year's contact, it will be.
Dan O'Bryant: Well, it depends on the categories. Let me be specific. Right now acrylic monomers are pretty tight and while we -- it has not impacted our ability to shift, we've had to go out in the spot market and buy some product to insure supply which is obviously a little more expensive at this point. Pulp is also still high and then especially because I think after the earthquake in Chile, demand is up a little bit as well. There is a bit of tightness there as well as in the specialty paper category, especially for liner. We'll see how long that lasts but it's a little tight in a few categories. A lot of producers frankly cut way back last year when demand was down and now we're feeling the other side of that equation.George Staphos – Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Yes. Hopefully there should be some relief there given some things that we've seen but I'll leave my comments there. I guess the last question I have and I'll turn it over, specifically within Europe, what kind of trends have you seen with either RIS or pressure sensitive materials. Have you seen some improvement in volume from what you might have been seeing earlier in the quarter, year-on-year, how are trends progressed? Thank you.
Dan O'Bryant: It'd be great if everything in Europe picked up in six months.George Staphos – Banc of America\Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Dan O'Bryant: We started raising price as you said in January. We have a little bit of negative pressure in some markets in the late stages of the third quarter in to the forth quarter. Obliviously the inflation has reversed that trend and we've started raising them in the first quarter. As the inflation has accelerated, we're accelerating additional price increases. So most regions of the world are seeing a second round happening as we speak that will roll out during the second quarter. I think all of the competition is feeling the same inflation and it seems that most players in the market are raising prices at the same time.
Dan O'Bryant: Well that's right. We expect to fully cover that on a dollar basis but that's going to add a couple of points at least to the revenue line. It's not all of our businesses here that are experiencing inflation in the same way. So it will be higher in our materials factor obviously but lower in some other parts of the business that don't get hit with inflation.
Dan O'Bryant: It's sort of a big question. I definitely think we saw some inventory rebuilding, restocking and certainly the comps were not easier than normal in the first quarter. We do see continued strength into April and I mentioned earlier in the call that we've been adding a lot of marketing capability to call on end user segments. So our pipeline of forward projects continues to grow. So I would characterize the market as having lots of activity and much of that activity has not yet translated into top line sales. So I'm definitely more optimistic than I was a few months ago.
Dan O'Bryant: Absolutely. Q2 was always RIS's strongest quarter. So the volumes will be higher and as a result the incremental margins are higher as well.
Dan O'Bryant: From a volume perspective, here is the way I kind of look at it. So we saw the impact of a little bit less de-stocking than we saw the prior year. POS trends are still negative. This is probably going to be the last to recover in an economy because its pretty much based on while collar employment. So a lot of it is just again investments that we have for new products, for innovation and more attractive consumer programs as we defend the category. So the good news I've heard lately that's more anecdotal is that the port of the business that hurt the most last years was the contracting commercial side of the business versus retail. They both were down but the contracting promotion was down a lot more. The comps looked a little more promising on the commercial side of the business these days. So I've got my fingers crossed but we'll see, hopefully a little recovery again than we anticipate. The big impact will be the impact of back to school in the second and third quarter. I think we're well positioned to have a decent back to school this year.
Dan O'Bryant: No, the target is still $180 million. We've pulled that up over the last quarter or two. We're virtually finished with the program now. By the end of the second quarter it will be fully implemented and the run rate will be the full 180. We'll still have some cash that will trick a lot in coming months obviously but we delivered about $25 million in incremental savings over the fourth quarter because of these actions but we're nearing the end of the program we started in the fourth quarter of '08.
Dan O'Bryant: I think specific to your question, the restocking that Dean refers to is primarily going on in RIS and the apparel space. The delay in back to school is in the office space.
Dan O'Bryant: Sorry, yeah. There is a back to school apparel season as well obviously in the fall season and that's basically what's happening right now and my sense there is that retailers again are chasing orders and that they need to get their inventory top up a little bit what they had before. When you add that to the positive demand that we're seeing, I think RIS will obviously have a better year than last year.
Dan O'Bryant: The two factors, that are ones that we've talked about, inflation and our ability to catch up with that through pricing is the single biggest change. As I've mentioned we've seen twice as much inflation on its way to us as we had anticipated coming into the year and the other is the effort to grow and defend at the same time the office product spaces that's hitting margins a bit. So those are the reasons sales would be strong. We'll still have a good earnings growth but we're going to have some margin pressure.
Dan O'Bryant: We weren't specific about it. No we haven't done that. We quantified what will hit us for the year and that hits us primarily through the first two and into the third quarter. We'll still have some inflation coming in the third quarter as well based on what our suppliers are indicating to us.
Dan O'Bryant: Sure, while the first priority remains debt pay down, based on the cash flow forecast we've provided for the year, late in the year we'll achieve our debt targets and at that time start thinking about the dividends. So the board looks at the dividend every quarter. Our current discussions would indicate some willingness to start moving cash back to shareholders because we'll hit those debt targets late in the year. So we obliviously cut the dividend last year. We'd like to see the dividend start moving back up in the direction where we had pre-recession and that will be discussion. But we intend to look at share repurchases as well. We have another round, a final round of our converts that come due late this year and so there is a couple of million shares that we'll issue. We would like to not see those additional shares outstanding for very long but debt comes first.
Dan O'Bryant: It's about a third of the total that came from volume. We still were carrying year-on-year much of the benefit of price increases that we're happening a year ago that caught us up with the last round of inflation. So still as we came into the first quarter, the net of price and raw material was a positive year-on-year but about a third was volume and the rest was restructuring and productivity that we drove as the year went back.
Dan O'Bryant: Some had definitely allocated capital and are moving forward, and others are still in the decision phase, and I believe we will see some rollouts in the back half of this year, starting in the back half of this year; easy as they take a number of quarters to rollout especially if it's in large store chain and certainly in 2011, we will see some increased interest as well.
Dan O'Bryant: I think we've got the bars pretty low frankly right now George, so I feel very confident moving forward. Our businesses generate great free cash flow. We've used a lot of that free cash flow to invest in restructuring over the past few years. So, as well as that recently paying down debt. Now I believe we're going to get to a situation now where we won't need the cash for restructuring. We will use some of that cash to invest in organic growth and we still have plenty of cash to return to shareholders and keep our debt equity balance right on target. So it's low risk spending I guess as well I would put and more high quality spending in terms of the returns we get. We expect to get top line growth with good returns.George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: At this juncture we look at or should we still expect that RIS is the biggest driver of the improvement in returns from here where you know like this quarter is pressure sensitive material is still the horse that drives the train.
Dan O'Bryant: Okay just to sum up. We are more confident certainly than January that an economic recovery will continue through the year although raw materials inflation will be a bit of the challenge with some short-term margin pressure. I want to emphasize short-term not long-term, and overtime we do expect our pricing to catch up with inflation. We talked about office products and the reason for stepping up investment there, and we are playing offence across the company and a number of our sectors to capitalize on opportunities for growth. We just talked about RIS, and I expect this business with a tight contribution margin to expand margin significantly as revenue growth, and our pressure sensitive in other businesses having free sub side end as end user marketing initiatives pay off and we get the full benefit of our restructuring program. Our actions will continue to increase sales, operating leverage and earnings power for the company. On behalf of all of us, thanks to everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you.
