Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. I'm happy to report our fourth consecutive quarter of better than 30% growth in earnings per share, reflecting the successful execution of our productivity initiatives. We delivered sales growth ahead of our expectations, with solid volume increases in both core businesses. We're on track to deliver our free cash flow target for the year, distributing most of that cash to shareholders. In the first half, we returned over $200 million to shareholders including the repurchase of approximately 3.5 million shares. We also raised the dividend by 7%, which we announced shortly after our last earnings conference call. Both of our core business segments delivered strong results for the quarter. Pressure-sensitive Materials generated solid top line growth, driven by high single-digit organic growth in emerging markets and the successful execution of our innovation strategies. We anticipate beating our target for sales from new products this year, and this is one of the factors driving the strong top line growth in PSM. As you know, the industry's annual trade event, Labelexpo, takes place in September. I'm looking forward to another standout performance. Part of our innovation strategy is to continually identify new ways to drive cost up. This type of innovation has 2 key benefits. The first is evident in our bottom line performance. These initiatives, combined with last year's restructuring actions, drove operating margin for the quarter above the high end of our long-term target range. This capability also enhances our competitiveness in lower margin product categories, enabling us to take share and maintain our high return on capital. Retail Branding and Information Solutions also delivered outstanding results, with its fourth consecutive quarter of strong sales growth and continued margin expansion. We are gaining share in this market through growth in most key segments, driven by increased demand from key retailers and brands in both the U.S. and Western Europe. We're seeing continued momentum in RFID and brand embellishments. And we are delivering particularly strong growth in our still small, but important new markets of Japan, South America and Russia. We're also seeing good momentum on the operational side. The business is on track to meet its cost reduction and productivity targets for the year, while delivering better quality and improved customer service. While the business is not yet within the target range for profitability, we're making solid progress against the footprint reduction strategy. And I'm confident in our ability to achieve our operating margin and return objectives over the next couple of years. The company passed 2 significant milestones in the last 30 days. First, we achieved the savings target from the restructuring actions we initiated last year, delivering $105 million of annualized savings as of the end of June. And second, we completed the sale of Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions. I'd like to take this opportunity to publicly thank the many project teams who worked tirelessly to bring this transaction to a close. As well, I want to thank our now former colleagues at OCP and DES and wish them the very best. With strong leadership positions in our core businesses, our ability to maintain already high returns in Pressure-sensitive Materials and significantly expand profitability in Retail Branding and Information Solutions, I am confident that we will deliver our financial targets for the year and over the longer term. Now, I'll turn it over to Mitch.
Dean A. Scarborough: Pretty much across the board, Scott. We saw excellent growth in South America, as well as the emerging markets of Asia. We -- again, it's really in every product category. So we feel really good about our position in emerging markets, and the team delivered an excellent quarter.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, I don't think we gave a specific number. I think in the past, we talked about the vitality index, which is our metric of products that -- our percent of sales that have been introduced -- percent of new products introduced within the last 3 years, and that number has been pretty consistently in the 20% to 25% range. So we're feeling really good about the innovation. We really started down this path in Pressure-sensitive Materials about 3 or 4 years ago, and it's really a cumulative effect. A lot of the products that we launch take time for customers and end-users to adapt to, and so we're really starting to see some acceleration. And it's a good trend.
Dean A. Scarborough: We -- it's actually 9% to 10%. We restated the targets once we changed the way we reported the operating segments. And also, we had the impact there of disc ops. The mix sequentially was pretty much the same as it was in the previous quarters, so we didn't really see a reversal of the mix. I think the team has done a great job of helping us be more competitive, especially in emerging markets. We've done a great job of being more competitive in lower margin product categories, so we're taking some market share there, and the productivity's enabled us to do so. So it's a combination of volume, of the productivity that we deliver in the business, and certainly, the sales growth at 4% really made a big difference. As far as changing the targets, I think we're going to stick with these for a while. We -- those are 2015 targets. It's one quarter where we broke through the average so we'd like to really understand that on a go-forward basis.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, we had -- actually, the growth in Europe on European-based retailers and brand owners was higher than the U.S. retailers as a percentage. Much of that was due to RFID growth. If you strip out the impact of RFID growth, it was roughly the same. As you know, we have lower relative market share in Europe, and -- so we have been successful in taking market share there, and the RFID programs, again, have really helped us.
Dean A. Scarborough: George, this is Dean. We're very pleased with the progress in RBIS. Contribution margins are actually up a bit year-over-year, so very pleased with that. The biggest single impact was last year, in the second quarter, you recall, we had a tough first half in RBIS, so we eliminated almost all the bonus accruals for the first half of the year in the second quarter. This year, the team's on track, so we had a pretty big headwind. So for the team to deliver 100 basis point improvement in margins was, I think, actually pretty impressive. So I think this baseline is actually a better baseline, and the incremental margins that you're talking about are definitely doable on a go-forward basis.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Rosemarie, we raised the midpoint of our guidance. I think we feel good about our progress, and we do think -- growth, certainly in the first half, was better than we expected in the beginning of the year when we first gave our annual guidance. I think we're just being prudent. There's still quite a bit of, I think, of uncertainty out there especially some markets like Western Europe. So we're being -- we're focused on executing against our plan and hitting our numbers like we did in the second quarter. And so we just don't -- we don't want to get out ahead of ourselves.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it is too early. Seems in the U.S., the apparel market's actually doing okay. You can see it in both the import trends and some of the same-store sales figures. I think Europe is less robust. I think the point that we're making is that we're doing very well in this environment. And we believe that we are taking market share, we're capturing a good number of the new RFID programs. Our external embellishment products are also growing, I think, in excess of 30%, so we have some new innovations out there that we're offering to the apparel market. So I think we're definitely growing faster than the market.
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have a number of -- well, first of all, we believe this is our -- this is our carve [ph] out from our Tapes business. We did in the medical tapes and wound care business for a number of years. We've invested some money in it. We have quite a few new products that are launching mainly in the second half of the year. So we do expect higher growth rates. In fact, we did achieve our first shipment of our medical sensor, our brand-new medical sensor product in June. It was pretty small, but we do expect revenues to accelerate and the EBIT loss to decline over the next couple of quarters.
Dean A. Scarborough: We have a very consistent philosophy about driving productivity in all of our businesses using Lean Six Sigma principles. So it's something that we look at on a continuous basis. And what we find is the best way to crystallize a lot of the productivity we get at individual plants is actually consolidating operations, closing down facilities, et cetera, et cetera. So we've just been through a major set of restructuring actions that -- we've completed most of those. So far, at least in Pressure-sensitive Materials, RBIS is going to be a continuing story. But we're -- as we start to build our plans for 2014, it's always a subject that we're reviewing in terms of our planning process. So I never ever say that we're done because our teams are incredibly creative in finding new ways to drive productivity in the business.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Brenda. I am pleased with the excellent progress we've made so far this year. Business conditions remain challenging, of course, but I'm confident in both our commercial and operational strategies, as well as the ability of our teams to execute those strategies. With our strong leadership positions and competitive advantages in large growing markets, I'm likewise confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term targets of solid top line growth, double-digit EPS growth and superior capital efficiency. Thanks for joining us today, and we'll speak with you all in October.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. George, as far as the increase, a significant contributor, the biggest contributor was the productivity in the restructuring year-over-year. And so the incremental margin that you're seeing, you got to layer in the restructuring savings that we have within this business, and we haven't parsed it out business-by-business, but total company saw $20 million year-over-year in the quarter of restructuring savings. And PSM, if you recall, a number of the restructuring actions we took were accretive to both businesses, but particularly to PSM if you think about the integration of Graphics with LPM, the reduction of the research center and so forth. So the reason we're talking about if you combine all the restructuring savings, we're talking about the lower variable margin from product mix. It's basically just to lay out that it's a little bit lower than we've traditionally seen, still profitable. And we say going forward, what kind of variable margins would you expect. They've been a little bit less than we have traditionally talked about within this business, but as Dean said, sequentially from Q1 to Q2, the pressure from product mix has definitely eased a bit. And so a lot of what we're seeing from a negative product mix, if you will, is year-over-year comps, and it is starting to ease a bit.
Mitchell R. Butier: Exactly. We pretty much lapped all of the productivity restructuring savings year-over-year as of now. A little bit more in Q3, but then we fully lap it.
Mitchell R. Butier: The math doesn't change at all. In the second half, we still have a headwind year-over-year for the same reason Dean just laid out, a little bit less than Q2.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure, George. So the -- you're absolutely right, sales moved up more than what you'd expect. It was a pure variable falling flow through to the bottom line, and that's essentially due to the lower variable margin, lower mix within Pressure-sensitive Materials is the overall reason for that.
Mitchell R. Butier: And we're basically translating what we saw in the second quarter, whereas, as Dean mentioned, we hit our expectations for earnings, but we were slightly ahead of our expectations on sales. So it's basically just a continuation of the current mix that we're seeing.
Mitchell R. Butier: Our target is to get to 5% by 2015, and we don't provide segment guidance especially on a kind of quarterly basis.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So we've -- part of our deleveraging is going to be the pension. And when we've evaluated the whole time what the size of that pension contribution ought to be, the excess comp pension contribution, and we've never commented specifically on the amount, it's been around, thinking over the long horizon, when discount rates and so forth moves back more to what I will call a normal -- what would be the excess contribution that would still be worthwhile in that environment. So we are not, we've always said, planning to fully fund or even come close to fully fund with this pension contribution. But it is a pretty, relatively high level cost of debt that we have that we can top up. So not commenting right now. Once we make the extra pension contribution, we'll communicate that. But that is going to be one of the sources of deleveraging, the primary resource.
