Mitch Butier: Thanks, Cindy; and good day, everyone. I'm pleased to report another good quarter. Sales grew 10% on a constant currency basis, adjusted operating margin expanded by 30 basis points and adjusted EPS grew 27%, with our two largest operating segments exceeding our expectations for the quarter. Label and Graphics Materials delivered a strong quarter, sales grew organically by over 7% driven by continued solid demand as well as the timing factors we discussed on previous calls. High value categories and emerging markets continue to deliver above average growth. As you know, these are the two key catalysts that enable our consistent GDP plus growth over the long term not only in LGM but across the portfolio. Since the beginning of 2017 in light of ongoing inflationary pressure, we've implemented multiple price increases in every region which LGM operates. Our standard operating procedure during periods of inflation, as you know, is to use our material re-engineering capabilities to offset rising costs and as necessary to raise prices. During the past three months, inflation has been more pronounced and persistent than our ability to offset it requiring another round of price adjustments in multiple regions. Despite the inflation, operating margins remain strong in LGM during the first half of this year, once again demonstrating the resilience of this business. As we've discussed in previous calls, we've increased our level of investment in this high-return business to keep pace with industry growth and to drive further productivity improvement. To that end, our new coating asset in Luxembourg is now fully commercialized and as we've also discussed previously, we're adding capacity in other regions as well and we're on-track to see those assets come online by the end of next year. Turning now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. RBIS delivered another strong quarter with nearly 10% organic growth and significant margin expansion. The base business delivered over half of the total organic sales growth from RBIS this quarter with strength across all customer segments. RFID once again grew more than 20% in the quarter as the market for these products continue to build momentum. We continue to see strong engagement among apparel retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline, as well as promising early stage developments in other end markets. And we're investing to support this growth with higher spending for business development and R&D as well as higher CapEx spending including investments to bring on new production capacity in both Eastern Europe as well as a dedicated site - a new dedicated site in Asia next year. In short, we’re pleased with the progress we've made in building our intelligent labels platform as we lean forward to drive this high growth opportunity. At the same time, we're happy to see the positive results of the transformation of the base business that we started just a couple of years ago. Combined these catalysts should deliver another year of solid growth and margin expansion in RBIS. The Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment delivered organic growth of 3% in Q2. We expect total segment organic growth to be back within our long-term target range of 4% to 5% plus beginning in the second half of this year. IHM’s adjusted operating margin while down versus prior year improved sequentially in line with our expectation. The team is making good progress in integrating last year’s acquisitions and we remained confident that we will achieve our growth in margin targets for this business over the longer term. All-in-all another good quarter, our strategic playbook continues to work for us as we focus on our four overarching priorities. Driving outside growth in high value product categories, growing profitably in our base businesses, relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. We continue to position the company for superior value creation over the long-term and are well on track to deliver our seventh consecutive year of strong topline growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Mitch Butier: Yes, overall, we had a modest price benefit in the quarter particularly in LGM. As you know, we've announced pricing actions starting late last year in a number of the regions. It’s a relatively modest impact in the second quarter and we expect that to continue to grow in the back half of the year given that we've announced further pricing actions in the middle part of the Q2 that went effect in late second quarter. So overall relatively modest impact in Q2, but we expect that to grow as we move through the back half.
Mitch Butier: So, I'll start with the restructuring question in LGM, as we said most of that savings won't start to kick in until 2020, so little to no savings in 2019, we'll still be doing some transitioning in 2019 and actually have some incremental transition costs next year versus our baseline. So, overall no savings in 2019 that'll really kicking in 2020. In LGM Asia, I think our trends have been relatively consistent there as we've seen strong growth across the number of the emerging countries in Asia and we expect that to continue as we go in the back half. In China, in 2017, we saw high single-digit growth across the year, bounced around a little bit by quarter due to some of the price increase timings we’ve talked about. But overall high single-digit growth and we expect to continue seeing mid-to-high-single-growth in 2018 and going forward in China. In South Asia, we're seeing strong growth in India. It's been generally in the high teens and we expect that to continue as well and we've seen relatively a good growth in ASEAN as well in the high single-digits. So we don't see much change in the trends there overall across Asia.
Mitch Butier: So as you said we had an overall relatively modest impact of the net impact of pricing and inflation in the quarter. And just as you indicated, we expect to largely cover that in the back half for the pricing actions we took near the end of Q2. Employee cost increases are largely, due to the kind of annual wage inflation that took place basically in the middle of the second quarter, so that will continue through the back half, but nothing more unusual than that from the employee cost perspective in LGM.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Scott. So, as you indicated a lot of the increase in the organic growth is actually due to the extra pricing actions that we started taking as we saw further inflation in the second quarter since the last time we've talked. So, we've taken further pricing across each of the regions. We don't see underlying volumes being much different in the back half from what they were in the first half. We do have a couple of headwinds in the back half such as some of the price increase pre-buys we had last year in Q4, ahead of some of the actions we took last year that weren't effective early Q1, as well as in RBIS, we had a tailwind the last year basically due to some embellishment sales related to the World Cup. And that's a headwind and for us in the back half as that has now gone past. So, overall, we don't see outside of those couple timing related things much change in the organic volume growth rate, but we'll see some incremental price in the back half from what we saw in the first half. And as you mentioned on currency overall, the net impact of currency and share count is roughly I think $0.10 to $0.11 for the year, the majority of that as I said earlier is really in the back half as the currency rates were moving across the second quarter. We saw some impact in June and we'll really see the larger impact versus our previous guidance in the second half of the year.
Mitch Butier: So just as far as RFID, what's driving the growth, it continues to be across all stages of the pipeline. We are seeing within apparel continued ramp and there are some customers who were already in full adoption where we're seeing growth as they further deploy it. Other ones are moving from a pilot into full adoption that are driving the growth. So it's basically a consistent trend of what we've seen of people moving through the pipeline and several customers at a time at any point in a particular year that are driving a vast majority of the growth within apparel and then outside of apparel continue to see a lot of exciting opportunities going on largely in the early stage of the pipeline we're working through the business cases and various pilots the pipeline within that area is over 65% particularly in few food beauty and aviation. We've discussed our three end markets that we're working to develop and it's still early stages. The revenue from those are about 5% of our overall RFID growth, 5% of our overall RFID business that is. But the pipeline in those areas are growing even faster than what we're seeing overall, the revenue growth is growing fastener we're seeing overall. So a good trends across the board both in apparel as well as outside of apparel. And the second question, sorry there was - sorry, John. Second question on tariffs. Thank you, Cindy. So specifically you're right the direct impact is relatively modest as far as the indirect impact other than what assumptions you might make about what that might do to the macro environment which would obviously affect us. We really think about our standpoint as you know we manufacture goods in the region which were - they are ultimately sold and for anything that may happen particularly around apparel where if there is some disruption between China and the U.S., we think we're well placed to work with our customers and our markets as the industry would need to rebalance demand and supply given our global presence and that's something that we would be able to leverage our position to support our customers to make the transition that they would need to make. So overall don't expect any real direct impact and the indirect impact would be based on what your assumptions are around the macro.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So overall what we're seeing in the base RBIS business is a continuation of the trend we've been talking about our transformation and focusing really on getting more competitive faster and simpler has enabled us to consistently gain share for a couple of years now that is continuing and we're seeing it both in U.S. and North America. And then the other factors we don't have the data yet on what we think markets are doing in Q2 itself, but I think there is a general pickup probably in the apparel and retail landscape overall. So those are the two key drivers in the base. In addition, we did have a little bit easier comps as Greg highlighted in his prepared remarks just around the timing of holidays and so forth that depressed Q2 of last year a little bit.
Mitch Butier: So overall as far as the emerging market growth trends as Greg commented on pretty broad base and strong consistently above average. I think the only thing really to note that exceptions to just what we've seen over the last year, if you will India came in extremely strong as you recall we had relatively easier comps within India Q2 of last year there was the goods and service tax introduction and a number of other changes and regulations that were going on. So that came in even a little bit stronger than expected, continue to see strong growth though across all the emerging markets. Essentially the only exceptions to that broad theme are Middle East and Africa are flattish and Korea for some macro reasons, we think Korea is not showing the same level of growth overall. So consistently strong and as far as the EBIT margins within emerging regions yes they tended to be a little bit higher on average. The magnitude of that has diminished over time largely as we've raised the EBIT margins within some of the other mature regions over that timeframe as well. So still true but to a lesser degree than we've previously discussed.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so, just specifics on RFID. Again it's following what we typically would see as far as how program has moved through the pipeline. So what the key drivers of the growth was broad-based across that. And so the biggest dollar drivers would be people moving from, firms moving from pilot into full adoption or others that were in the early stages of full adoption last year further progressing. But if you look at on a relative basis, actually the biggest single movers actually items in the early stage of the pipeline, the early stage of the pipeline have actually increased even faster than later stage of the pipeline, which is what you would expect for a technology and a program that’s in a stage of development. So still early days relatively speaking in apparel and we see significant opportunity as you know and we’ve talked about in the past, in food, in aviation, and in beauty.
Mitch Butier: So I think it's a number of factors, Adam. So thank you. We are in growing markets and 50% of the portfolio is exposed to - are the two key catalysts for growth either a high value segments or emerging markets that clearly is a good position to be. Second we're extremely well positioned within those growing markets and in our two primary businesses we are the market leaders and continue to gain share over time as we leverage our competitive advantages. And then last around our strategy, our four key strategies we moved to this a couple of years ago really desegregating - this aggregating our approach to the marketplace. Our cost structure and so forth and we said when we laid out the long-term targets that those were not just aspirations for those who have commitments and that we had a redundancy of strategies in play to make sure we can deliver on those commitments. And what you're seeing is in our execution of those strategies, we're hitting a lot more wins than losses if you will. And so all three of those combined with just having the best team within the industry, I'd say, are the recipe for success that's been enable us to be in this position.
Mitch Butier: All right, well, great, thank you. So obviously another good quarter and what we think is going to shape up to be another great year as we continue to execute our strategies and leverage our market leading positions in growing markets. And I just want to thank our entire team within Avery Dennison for once again delivering a great result. Thank you everybody.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think overall, just as you said, the larger the increase in our guidance is largely price related again driven by the fact that we did another round of price increases late in Q2 that was not in our guidance when we talked a quarter ago. So it is really the largest increase there. And again I mentioned earlier some of the timing challenges overall. I think otherwise, I mean, we did have some extra price in Q2, related to those increases that took effect in the middle to late part of the quarter, so that was a little bit of the impact in second quarter as well as just continued strong performance across the different regions. So in both North America and Europe, we had kind of mid to high or sorry, low to mid-single-digit growth in each of those regions in the quarter and we had strong performances across the emerging regions in the second quarter as well. So really just good strong performance across each of the regions helped drive the strong Q2 volumes.
Greg Lovins: George to your second question on pension I think overall that $600 million charge relates to your part of the pension liabilities sits on the balance sheet in OCI and that's something that as we settle that actually as it gets released to the P&L. Similar to a couple of years ago when we did a lump sum we had a charge related to that lump sum for the portion of that lump sum that was sitting in our OCI on the balance sheet. So that's basically relates to future payouts that would have been expected over time that will now happen over the next couple of quarters.
Greg Lovins: Sure. So just as far as inflation within IHM, IHM there has not been as much inflation relative to the size that business a lot of the inflation we've talked about if you look year-over-year, it has been paper based and if you look going forward in the second half versus the first half it's largely paper based. So there's been some, but it's been more modest if you will. And second, a number of the IHM categories lend themselves in some areas, if there is inflation that you put through annual price increase and so forth, so not really a story within IHM. And then as far as the progress of IHM being able to leverage the capabilities within LGM, that is progressing. We talked to the previous couple of quarters that it was not where we wanted it to be. We took a little bit longer, but some of the margin improvement that you see here in the second quarter that you're starting to see the fruits from all those initiatives to do so and we see more opportunity to do so going forward as well. So that is getting good traction now and is I think a key strategic element of our focus here building the IHM platform on top of the strengths of LGM.
