Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Scott. The RBIS is a stronger quarter for them, and we do -- we -- anyway. But I think they do have some headwinds last year on the pipeline still, which that -- we don't have that much forward visibility. But I'd say, fundamentally, we don't -- we're pretty much predicting the trend that we've seen in the first few weeks of October is very consistent with our guidance. So I think you're reading that correctly.
Dean A. Scarborough: The season tends to start in September and kind of run through the end of the year. And December often is more impacted by the timing of Chinese New Year than anything else because what happens is, a lot of the apparel factories, of course, close for a week in either January or February, depending on when Chinese New Year is. So it has a lot more to do with that. So it's -- we're expecting -- I'm expecting a decent quarter for RBIS. Again, really tough headwinds with the overall growth rate. But the core business, I think, should be fine.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Scott. Actually, the target range that we put out was 9% to 10%, so we are above that. And that's something we're going to be looking at as part of our guidance range for -- when we come out with 2014 guidance in January.
Dean A. Scarborough: Ouch. I think the team is executing really well, actually. We've been -- most of this growth was in Western Europe. So I think the team has been focused on innovation and focused on taking some market share. We have not seen the market data yet from Europe, but generally, when I was over there talking to customers, they seemed more optimistic than they had in previous years. So I have continued good hopes. Clearly, 4% more than exceeded our expectations. The 4% growth that we saw there exceeded our expectations. But we're really pleased with it, and I like the team's execution. And I think there is more to come.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay. Complicated question. So let me start with RBIS. I would -- RBIS, there's enormous growth rate in September last year as part of that pipeline fill for a customer for RFID. Even with that, they showed a little bit of growth in September, which, for me, was a good sign. We did see some slowdown in the rate of orders for certain segments in the U.S.-based retailers, especially, I would characterize the department store segment and the mass merchandising segment as being softer than we expected. But we still had good performance in the fast fashion, as well as the performance athletic segments of the market. So for me, that was still a relatively good news. We performed very well in Europe, actually, across most segments, and a number of RFID programs kicked in a little stronger than we had thought. So that was a good sign. But really, RBIS was -- in the quarter, was very strong in Europe, moderately strong, I would say, in North America. Pressure-sensitive had a really strong quarter last year, so their comps were tough. But we definitely saw some softness in some of the end use markets, particularly the ones -- those markets that would use film products, whether it be in beverages or in health and beauty categories. And it's consistent with what I, at least, read so far in some of the earnings for some of the consumer packaged goods companies talking about consumer takeaway during the quarter. And so -- and we're starting to see some of that -- saw that business come back a little bit. And we've seen this trend before. Sometimes it just gets a little bit choppy, occasionally. And I would say, I'm not -- we're certainly not -- I don't have a deep level of concern, I would put it, but we're being probably a little bit cautious just watching the U.S. consumer and where they're spending their money. I think the fire drill in Washington over the last couple of months probably didn't help consumer confidence a whole lot. So we'll see how things progress.
Dean A. Scarborough: Not really. I mean, there are people who buy shampoo at Walmart, as well as -- or convenience drugstores, et cetera, et cetera. So I actually think it's consistent. Those products are sold in grocery stores, mass market. And what we've heard -- anyway, what we've seen is lower foot traffic, especially, I guess, at what you would call sort of the lower end of the income pyramid. So that was consistent to me. It does not look inconsistent.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. We're not all the way there yet. We'll want to get to about 50% of our volume done digitally. So we're still installing presses and all that. But it's not just about the kit, to be honest, it's about how you manage the entire workflow from taking the order at the customer and basically not touching it until it gets to the press. And so there's a lot of software and data handling that happens. It's a lot more automated than what I would characterize as either flexo or offset printing. And so I think we're probably halfway to where we want to be now. And it's a good trend because customers, again, want shorter lead times, smaller orders. And it's just enabled us to do this more efficiently, not just on the press floor, throughout the entire order taking and handling process.
Dean A. Scarborough: As part of the second part of your question, I'd say, no, I don't think we've seen a material change in emerging market growth. We had strong results in South America. We had strong results in Asia as well. And so we haven't really seen an impact to that. I think fundamentally, in those markets, pressure-sensitive adhesive technology is taking share versus other forms of package decorations. So that trend is still happening, and as well as I believe we're likely taking some market share, relates back to your first question. We have focused on getting more competitive so that we can participate in some lower margin product categories, still very good business for us, and we're operating above our target margin operating range. So I feel like this has been a good strategy for us, and we're going to continue to do that. Part of our innovation program, by the way, is also to continue to take weight out of our products so we can offer materials that are thinner, that means we can be more competitive in some of those segments. So I think, again, it's a smart strategy for us, and it's driving good results.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think we mentioned we were -- we have some concern about the North American results in Pressure-sensitive that was softer than we anticipated, and Europe was stronger. And RBIS, frankly, because of the tough comps, we weren't expecting as strong a result, but the team delivered extremely well in that environment. We didn't anticipate getting any growth in RFID, and we got 6%, so very pleased about that.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the one benchmark that I do have is the label show where we participate, and there are a lot of label press manufacturers at the show. And they seem to be doing very well in terms of sales. So it appears to me that a lot of the European customers were buying new equipment for the future. So from that perspective, I took away that they were at least confident enough to put more capital in their businesses to work for the future. So I thought that was a good sign.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Chris, that's a great question. I wish I had a precise answer. I'm going to guess a few months. It's really hard to estimate because, remember, we're selling, just in North America, probably to 2,500 label converters who are selling to probably 100,000 end users. And it really depends on the particular supply chain. Some companies react faster than others to those types of trends.
Dean A. Scarborough: But I think the underlying growth rate, I'm going to say, it's really tough because the market is still small. When you get a big retailer decide to move quickly, it can influence the year-over-year cycle. But we've had several years in a row now of double-digit growth, and I'm going to say 20%, 30% is a good average to take over the next few years. And I could -- that could be on the low end, frankly. We just don't know. But I do feel like this -- it's not an if RFID is going to happen, it's how fast and what's the rate of adoption going to be. So I have a high level of confidence that this is going to be a great business for the future.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, certainly, it hasn't in Europe because it's not particularly relevant there. But I think these things tend to get resolved over time, and I anticipate that this won't be an issue for the long run.
Dean A. Scarborough: In Europe, of course, we had a European competitor announce some closures of capacities, specifically, I think, in Spain and in Switzerland. So we've definitely seen some activity there. There is a smaller competitor that's adding capacity in the U.S. And our capacity situation is just fine in mature markets. We're going to be adding -- we've just added some capacity in Malaysia. We're going to -- and India. We're going to add some new capacity in India next year and likely be looking at adding some capacity fairly soon in China as that business continues to grow.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's supportive of the footprint reduction goal that we've announced. So digital printing takes up less space than, let's say, certainly, than offset printing. You don't have really any pre-press that you have to as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: So it's all been part -- it's all part of the strategy we have to move RBIS margins to the target range. So what I'm trying to do is help investors understand, we have a very clear set of milestones. Okay. We're at about -- we've reduced our footprint by 15%, on our way to get to 25%. Digital printing is supposed to be 50%. It's around 25% or 30% now. So -- but indicative that we believe we're on track to hit our margin targets as we promised back in 2012.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, actually, Scott, it's a good question. Retailers don't change their branding or ticketing, whether it's sold in-store or online. And in fact, it actually provides some new opportunity for us because what's happening is that retailers want you to be able to buy things online and then return them to the store if you want to or even pick them up at the store. And so that requires, let's say, on a return, that item actually has to be reticketed. It happens a lot, especially when you buy stuff online, it doesn't fit or you didn't really like the color, et cetera, et cetera. And so what we found is that there's just no difference between the branding and ticketing. And we have come up with solutions to help retailers manage a more seamless interface between, again, their bricks model and their clicks model. Could be some upside for PSM, by the way. It means there's more bar code labels out there, so as people buy online and get stuff shipped in cartons.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, thanks, everyone, for participating today. I'm pleased with the excellent progress we've made so far this year. Our value creation formula remains straightforward. With modest top line growth, ongoing productivity improvements and highly disciplined capital management, we'll continue to drive double-digit earnings growth and solid free cash flow, most of which we'll give back to shareholders. I would like to thank the Avery Dennison team members for delivering another strong quarter. And thanks again for joining us today, and look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. And just the range because the guidance range we're giving on sales is the 0.5 point difference for the full year. And so if you take the low end of that, it actually would be -- if you can do the math from where we are in the first 3 quarters, it's 1.5% roughly assumption for the fourth quarter, whereas at the high end, it's closer to 4%. So pretty big range for the fourth quarter, given our lack of forward visibility.
Mitchell R. Butier: We're talking relative to various quarters. So one thing to remember within RBIS, we do have tough comps in Q4 from the large RFID pipeline fill that we had that impacted Q3, as well as Q4 last year.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So just broader context. At the end of last year, the pension was underfunded status across all pensions globally with $400 million, and we did do a revaluation. And part of that was temporary, everybody expected, because discount rates were at an all-time low at the end of 2012. So we had about a $90 million adjustment from that, and with our additional pension contribution, the total underfunded status is now south of $300 million. So your question about implications to cash flow specifically for next year, we'll make -- we still have required contributions for the coming few years. The extra contribution we made is -- can be applied to next year's requirement. So we have some flexibility there, but that's a decision that we will make next year. And we'll provide more insight on that, Ghansham, when we give guidance in January.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So as far as how we go through this is we basically try to triangulate around intrinsic value. Intrinsic value is a key part for us as far as determining when to buy stock. And then as far as how much, there's 2 things. Depending on where the stock is trading, given recent trends, we'll buy more or less in any given week. Overall, another key thing, though, is amount of volumes that you have. So Q3, for example, a very low-volume quarter for us, much lower than it had been for a while. And so we don't want the -- to -- just from supply/demand dynamics within any given week to really move things around one way or the other.
Mitchell R. Butier: It begins in Q1 is when we start to see that. The toughest comps were September to early Q1 of last year.
Mitchell R. Butier: It's the September trend which we saw in the early parts of October, and October did see a little bit of an improvement from that trend, as Dean mentioned. But it's September.
Mitchell R. Butier: So the free cash flow guidance we have is for continuing operations, so that excludes any of that. The $10 million to $15 million extra I referenced was basically getting you from -- if you look at the exhibits behind the -- in the financial statements, you see we have $402 million of net proceeds now. I'm just saying we have another $10 million to $15 million to pull off of that. So that will drop down to roughly $390 million. As far as the negative free cash flow, there was negative free cash flow of about $40 million in the first half for those 2 businesses related to investments you make in working capital. If you will recall, OCP was a seasonal business, as well as we had some of the transaction -- pre-closing transaction costs within there as well. So that's why we lumped it all together because that wasn't really the operating level of free cash flow for those businesses.
Mitchell R. Butier: So they're absolutely consistent with targets. The targets we have out there are targets for 2015, which is only 2 years from now. And the -- so they're consistent, and the margins for RFID are comparable to the overall margins we have for the overall RBIS business. It's modestly higher, currently.
Mitchell R. Butier: No. That's just part of the fundamental to this business. This business, as we've talked about, is more labor-intensive than pressure-sensitive, and a lot of that labor is in the emerging markets where the wage rates are higher. So when we've talked about this business, forget restructuring and productivity, but this business needs to grow 1.5% to 2% to kind of maintain margins, if you will. That is because it needs that level of growth to offset the natural wage inflation headwinds.
