Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Cindy. And good day, everyone. We had another quarter of strong earnings growth, with EPS above our expectations. We are improving our competitiveness with continued strong profitability across the PSM portfolio and making progress with our business model transformation in RBIS. As expected, organic sales growth in Pressure-sensitive Materials moderated in the third quarter to 3%, reflecting the program loss in the personal care segment of Performance Tapes that we've discussed previously. Excluding this program loss, sales grew 4.5% organically. Once again, emerging markets were the key growth driver for PSM, more than offsetting softness in the North American market. From a product perspective, the base label materials business remained healthy, with solid top line growth overall and margins expanding across most categories. Graphics and specialty label materials were up high-single digits for the quarter on a global basis. I am pleased with our progress in shifting PSM's portfolio mix towards these higher value categories. We expect continued benefit over the long term from our focus and investment in these areas. Speaking of which, the integration of our acquisition of the Mactac graphics and tapes business, which we completed in August, is going smoothly. We also completed a very small acquisition of Ink Mill during the quarter, which expands our capabilities in the high-value reflectives business. And earlier this month we made an equity investment in a U.K.-based startup called PragmatIC, leveraging our strengths in RFID to enable long-term growth of intelligent labels in new segments. All three of these recent deals exemplify the range of opportunities we have identified and continue to pursue within our M&A pipeline with a focus on high-value product lines and supporting technologies. Our commitment to investing here in terms of both M&A and higher capital spending is reinforced by the excellent progress we've made with the high-value segments through which we have delivered consistent organic growth, improved mix, and strong profitability and returns. Shifting now to Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Sales were up a little over 2% organically, driven by Radio Frequency Identification. RFID sales were up over 35% in Q3 and are expected to exceed 30% for the full year. While the pace of growth will slow in the fourth quarter, reflecting the difficult comparison to prior year that we've discussed, we expect that RFID will continue to be a key growth driver for us. We are continuing to invest in this high-value product line, expanding capacity and improving our manufacturing processes as well as participating in promising new ventures like PragmatIC. Outside of RFID, top line growth was short of our target for the quarter amidst a difficult retail apparel market in the U.S., particularly among the department stores. That said, we saw solid volume gains across the base business, representing clear signs of success for our multiyear transformation strategy as we become faster, simpler and more competitive while driving margin expansion. Our strategy is the right one. Moving decision-making closer to our markets, reducing complexity as well as our cost structure and qualifying lower cost, locally sourced materials to support more competitive pricing. Our improvements in service, flexibility and speed are resonating with customers. In light of the soft top line though, these actions have not been enough to deliver the margin expansion we had targeted for the year. Now we will accelerate our efforts through 2017 to further improve our competitiveness and achieve our 2018 margin expansion target. So coming back to the total company view. Overall, we've made good progress against our strategic and financial objectives as evidenced by another solid quarter and the $0.10 increase to expected EPS for the year. We remain highly confident in our ability to consistently deliver exceptional value over the long run based on the execution of our key strategies. First and foremost, we will drive outside growth in high value segments. We will continue to invest disproportionately here, both organically and through bolt-on acquisitions. Over time this will improve our portfolio mix and bolster our leadership in these key segments. Second, we are relentless in our pursuit of productivity improvement to enhance our competitiveness across all product categories, and of course to drive margin expansion. And, third, we are maintaining our high degree of capital efficiency while increasing investments to support profitable growth. And, of course, we will continue our disciplined approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Anne.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, so we do normally see some variation month-to-month. We did see a little bit of a slide during Q3 over in Europe. Having said that, we're seeing a little bit of an uptick in early October as well within Europe as well as North America. So I don't read too much into individual month trends too closely, because it's not unusual for us to see four weeks of strong performance followed by a softening or vice versa.
Mitchell R. Butier: It's hard to say. We think there's been a softening in the end consumption of the market in Q3 but we don't have that data right now. But we also did cede some share earlier in the year within that business as we were driving more discipline on the lower value, less differentiated segments. But, yeah, in the quarter we think it basically softened a bit. We don't have clear reasons why. At LabelExpo the sentiment from North American converters was overall, I'd say, most of them were very confident in their individual businesses, cautious about the market overall, but also talked about how they themselves have less visibility to their own order volumes than they traditionally have had as well. So it's hard to give you a read on exactly what's going on in the North American business, clearly some of the decline was from graphics, if you will, within that region specifically. But it's hard to give you a clear read here. As I said, first few weeks of October we're starting to see an uptick.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So the categories within the U.S. department stores in particular are seeing softness and we're seeing that as well with our key customers in that space. But generally I think it's relatively broad-based in the data that Anne shared is across the entire retail apparel sector, if you will. So inventory levels returned back this year to their pre-recession high. If you recall, for a few years after the recession they were quite a bit lower, those have bulked up. A good portion of that relates to the fact it was a very warm winter last year and just there was not as much sell-throughs, they have been holding on to the inventory. So I know the goal is for retailers to flush some of that inventory out of the system through this holiday season. And then for Europe, it depends I'd say overall softness in the U.K. Clearly the U.K. retailers with Brexit going on, I think, are struggling a bit and so that's one place we see softness. But in Germany pretty solid, other markets we are seeing relatively solid performance at the end retail level.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, it was up 35% in the quarter and we expect to be 30% for the full year and we're expecting the growth to moderate a bit going into – quite a bit in going into Q4. The conversation is very similar. Working through in each retailer or brand, need to go through an assessment of the business case and then piloting and then you get a partial adoption and then full adoption. So, no real change in the conversations. There has been in the last quarter since we talked about where the pipeline is, we have had one tier 1 move from pilot into early adoption and then a couple of very small specialty retailers move either from business case to pilot or pilot to adoption. So, conversation is pretty much the same. Seeing a little bit of a migration through the pipeline as well.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So Scott, we don't comment, but you can probably infer from our past behavior how we would behave in such an environment.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah, so overall, I mean RBIS you can see where the growth rate is, little over 2% and so we expect roughly a continuation of that. Obviously it can be a little lower, a little higher depending on how things pan out. And a couple key contributing factors, we have harder RFID comps, if you will. We have a couple of things that ease up on the comps front in that business. So that's what we're thinking within RBIS, as the continuation. And within Pressure-sensitive, the Q3, the revenue was lower than we were thinking that business would come in at and it was specifically around North America. And so it's really a question about, is the early trends we see in October continue, positive trends that we're seeing, or does it revert back to a lower level.
Mitchell R. Butier: It is consistent with our guidance range that we've provided. One thing, it's very hard to read Asia, North Asia in particular, because of the calendar shift of the Golden Week. So basically their harvest festival, if you will. So that distorted things. So anything for RBIS because so much is sourced out of North Asia as well as North Asia for Materials Group is not a good read. North America rebounded like we said and Europe has rebounded a little bit from a softening late Q3 as well.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so I think overall what makes us confident around that is the adjustments that we made – started making last year that we talked through, and it was the beginning of what we said would be a multiyear transformation. We made quite a few adjustments, and a lot of that was around moving more decision-making into the regions and closer to the customer, having a more segmented approach, different customers, if it's a performance athletic – high-end performance athletic brand relative to a discounted retailer, they have different needs, so we've adopted a more segmented approach. And, as part of that, in some segments that meant adjusting our cost structure to, one, expand margin but, two, also to get more price competitive. Remember that the variable margin in this business, even in what we call the less differentiated, are relatively high. And so being able to drive consistent growth is a key requirement within this business as well. So what are the signs of success? It's basically we're getting volume gains, we've stopped the share slide that we had for a couple of years going into mid last year, and we're seeing volume gains even though the market is down. And we've basically proven the model ourselves internally, so now it's a matter of pushing forward to accelerate. And as far as just to get to the margin targets that we've laid out for 2018, if you recall when we laid those out, we identified there is a lot of amortization expense going away late in the cycle. So we've got to have basically a full point of expansion just from that. That's not new. We talked about that when we first laid out the targets. So that gives you a full point and then from there, from where we expect to be this year, you need less than a point of margin expansion over the two years to get to the low-end, and less than 2 points to get to the high end.
Mitchell R. Butier: There's always some consolidation in store closures and what you see is what we see. Specifically what we commented on before was the fact that there was some bankruptcies of some athletic store, athletic chains. So, that affected performance athletics to recall at declined last quarter, which was exceptional because usually we see very consistent growth. So that category for us returned to growth in this past – in Q3.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. I think it's just a basically a continued execution of what we've been doing but really taking the next step and accelerating what we've been doing. This is about winning in the marketplace and I'll tell you from what we're seeing and what we are hearing from customers. The changes we made are resonating, that gives us confidence. We are seeing the numbers behind that of volume gains in a period of declining market conditions, so that gives us confidence. And we just see opportunities to run this business more efficiently as well. So there's quite a few levers within a business of that size and don't want to go through each of the individual details but we feel not pleased with where the performance is but confident with the prospects of this business and what we are going to deliver.
Mitchell R. Butier: So this can have a little bit of volatility too, but it's consistently grown above the average for the overall segment and pretty – relatively consistently mid-single digits to higher, so and that's where was within Q3.
Mitchell R. Butier: So, raw material cost, the environment we're seeing is relatively stable. You see some commodities like oil have been on an upswing, but as far as what we're experiencing they've been relatively stable. And as far as the net impact of price and raw material cost, Anne talked about what the headwind was in the quarter, and over the long run we've been pretty consistent in saying that some of the modest gains we've had in each quarter over the past couple of years basically, over the long run those eventually adjust for themselves, if you will, or correct. So, what we're seeing on the pricing, net pricing front is what we expected, the outperformance in PSM was largely around continued productivity, and our objective here is to consistently grow this business, leveraging our innovation capabilities, which includes finding ways to reduce the material content of our products so that we can be competitive in the marketplace and grow the market while driving returns and margins in this business.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah, so we saw a little bit of modest inflation that we talked about last quarter, but we've seen relative stability, and individual components, Jeff, move in different directions. But on balance is where we're seeing things fairly muted, if you will. So that's what we're referring to, not any individual components, you're absolutely right, what you're seeing is what we're seeing for that component. But what we do is when there is inflation, and so if we were to – if start to seeing inflation, we go through and we will announce price increases on which products or which region it's affecting. And a good example of that is last year we were still in a relatively deflationary environment. We raised prices within film and categories within Europe. So went out and announced it and pushed it through. So you've really got to think through about – with the commodities we're seeing, it's different in U.S. dollars or if you are in euros, and so we basically make adjustments and we will put price increases where we see inflation.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, we don't – I mean, they're very small and so we don't want to disclose all the details about them, but I can tell you the incremental acquisition just has a few million dollars of revenue; so very small. It's a business that's really investing in our high-value reflectives business but it's also a capability we think we can leverage elsewhere within the portfolio as well. They make UV and UV LED curable inks and it's part of our TrafficJet solution within that business. And then on Pragmatic, so that was an investment you haven't – was earlier in October, so it's not in the results right now.
Mitchell R. Butier: That's a minority investment. There was £18 million funding round that Pragmatic went through. We were less than half of that, I will say.
Mitchell R. Butier: So, Europe broadly speaking gets the benefit of Eastern Europe emerging markets, and Eastern Europe this quarter is what really was a key driver for them. But actually pretty consistently for the past years even Western Europe we've talked about growth being higher than the U.S. And there's a number of factors behind that. We can't point to any one. One of them is regulatory requirements around larger label sizes and so forth. So there's not one thing I can point to, that's one example. But to be honest, it's the differential between the U.S. and Western Europe has pretty much consistently been a little bit bigger than we would have even expected. I'm talking about market level not just our performance.
Mitchell R. Butier: So, we basically a year or so ago we were talking about getting into an inflection point starting to see some customers adopt. We've seen that. But it's really hard to call when that will happen to the point you raise. I mean, next year we expect this business to be double-digit growth. It could be just over 10% or could be 30%. So timing specifically is hard to tell but over the long run we definitely, you know, we've talked about this business being at 20% growth business and that's what we continue to expect.
Mitchell R. Butier: I think it's just more – it's retailer by retailer and brand by brand, them going through the process. It's a pretty big shift and how they do things, how they think about running their supply chains. So the returns have been strong, very strong last few years for adoption. It's just each business, each customer needs to go through that assessment and evaluation. And the reason pilots can take so long and the early adoption phase can take a while is just purely because of the change and adjustments they need to make.
Mitchell R. Butier: It's really a balance between driving the growth strategy as well as driving further productivity. And if you look at the business, we've consistently delivered over half-point a year of margin expansion regardless of what's going on in the top line. And if you look over the last few years, we've grown this business 2.5%. So our objective here is, ensure we can get those margin targets even in a lower growth scenario than the 4% to 5% we had targeted. We will get there even in this lower growth environment, and ensuring there is upside as we develop and push through our growth strategies so that when we start achieving that 4% to 5% growth, which is still our goal, you will then have further uplift from there.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so as far as on the geo mix comment, George, our margins we've said are higher where we have higher relative market share and North America we have relatively high relative market share.
Mitchell R. Butier: Okay. Thank you. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call. Again, I'm pleased with the progress we're making against both our strategic and financial objectives and we remain committed to achieving our long-term targets for value creation. I want to thank the entire team within Avery Dennison for their hard work and commitment to our success. So thank you.
Anne L. Bramman: Yeah. Ghansham so what we really said was that we saw an impact to our margin price net of raw material input costs. And so relatively speaking, we don't give specific color on pricing inflation, but as we've been pretty consistent in saying that we broadly have given some price reductions since then, that's where we have relatively higher variable margins and where we may have seen some deflation. And we basically have been passing it along to customers in some targeted areas and in my script I specifically called out that we have seen that impact in North America.
Anne L. Bramman: So as you talk about, we don't really comment on timing and pace of share buyback and we have been really consistent in how we look at this, but we look – we do have an intrinsic value model and as we see the gap, if we see a gap widening, we will be much more aggressive in buying back stock. And again as we see the gap – less of a gap, then we don't buy back as much stock at that point. So we are a bit opportunistic in how we look at our share buyback programs as well.
Anne L. Bramman: Yes, really the biggest piece of the gap that you're talking about is from the beat we have with PSM this quarter. So even though the restructuring we gave guidance, it's just slightly more than $75 million. It could be a couple of million more. We just wanted to give a little bit of flavor on that. But it's really the operational beat we had this quarter.
Anne L. Bramman: Yes. When we looked at our guidance, yes, we came in a little bit softer on the North America for PSM. And I think if you look at the full year guidance, the reality is we're going to be around the midpoint. If you look at the two ranges, you'd have to assume a pretty significant change in the run rate in Q4 for the businesses, and on the downside piece to it you would have to assume a reversal in trend for all the businesses as well. So the likelihood is we are going to be around the midpoint.
Anne L. Bramman: Correct. And I will clarify on the tax, that's really a contributor from PSM as well. We saw a very favorable geo mix of where the income was coming from lower tax jurisdictions. So I really consider that kind of operational beat as well.
Anne L. Bramman: So again a similar story than what we've had – that we've had the last couple of quarters is productivity continues to be a very strong performer for this division and in this quarter, we continue to deliver on the productivity front. So really the beat we had that we're showing for the full year guidance came from this quarter.
Anne L. Bramman: So for our guidance for the margin we would assume the normal seasonal margin, sequential margin pieces from Q3 to Q4 for PSM and we are in traditionally the RBIS business does have a higher margin sequentially from Q3 to Q4 that we also have baked in. So you look at our guidance range, really the biggest component of it is where will the margins deliver for RBIS.
Anne L. Bramman: Yeah. So generally the bulk of the CapEx timing will take place in 2017 and the spending that we have this year is within the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year of roughly $200 million for CapEx. And again, when we laid out our 2018 target we said that on average we would spend about $200 million in CapEx over the years. We're a little behind in the first couple of years of that guidance range, so I would expect to see us still average around the $200 million. It's just going to be a little more back weighted overall for the company.
Anne L. Bramman: So Rosemarie, there a couple of components to it. Yes, this is the first quarter that we have got Mactac in our balance sheet, so that will distort some of your ratios a little bit. But in general, a couple of quarters ago we talked about the fact that we were making some investments in certain select areas and inventory primarily in RFID with RBIS. And so while we have continued to make progress, and we have seen the inventory reductions come down as we played out the year, we still have an investment in that in order to carry us through the end of this year into next year.
Anne L. Bramman: So, we had a bit of – a small piece of that in the first half of the year, but I would expect to see headwinds in the second half as the program loss really – we really start filling that in Q3.
Anne L. Bramman: Thanks. So the mix was primarily in two different areas. First was customer application that we had discussed in the personal care space for Tapes.
Anne L. Bramman: So that was the Pressure-sensitive mix. And then the second piece was North America. Primarily in the high-value segments we've been talking about in North America volumes as well. So those were the two pieces of the mix. It was geo mix as well as customer Tapes. As far as the 53rd week, that was really...
George Leon Staphos: I was meaning it really more for the full year outlook but answered however you feel is most illustrative.
George Leon Staphos: Mitch, are the returns getting better to the retailer from adoption that's why the growth has been so strong or are there other reasons why you'd see adoption? I would imagine have to be the former but, again, just want to get your thoughts on that.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. Appreciate that. And then I guess my last question and I will turn it over, actually two part, two questions, I apologize. The Pressure-sensitive mix, what was negative in the quarter? I remember reading in the release, but I don't know what your comments were here on the call. And then the extra sales week in the fourth quarter from last year, I seem to remember that not really having much of an effect in earnings, but I just wanted to verify that. Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
