Greg Lovins: I'll take the first part of that question. As I mentioned at the end there, we expect our EBITDA margins assuming obviously we come in and the range we talked about for Q3 and things continue to improve as we move through the back part of the year that we would respect our EBITDA margin for the full year to be in line with prior year. So we're slightly better than prior year in the first half. And we’ve started to see margins pick up last year in the second quarter. So largely for the second half, we're targeting to be roughly in line with margins that we had in the back half of last year. I think you asked about any comp differences versus prior year. The only major difference would be the European restructuring. It really kicked in in the third quarter of last year, so that was a benefit year over year still in Q2. It wouldn't be a year over year benefit in the third quarter, but largely replaced with some of the new actions that we've talked about already. George, you asked a few questions around RBIS and conclusions on mix of business going into next year. I would say right now we're not conclusive on various general areas of mix other than the trend of continuing to improve the mix of RBS overall towards the high value segments. We expect that to continue as it has been maybe even accelerate. So, if you look at with intelligent labels within that business, we expect 15% to 20% growth over the long-term. External embellishments is now $100 million business, we expect that to be growing well above average in that range as well. So, that would be one overall conclusion we’ll have mix of business in general. And then as far as impacts of, we mentioned maybe less formal settings around clothing. There are just discussions obviously about maybe the casualization of the workplace and people working from home, could be a benefit to athleisure at the expense of more formal wear. For us should that hold true, we're well positioned. A good portion of our sales is with performance athletic businesses now that's not hitting already, there's quite a bit of inventory in the system. And athleisure in general isn't as seasonal as other categories. So that's down a good amount for us in Q2. But we think that it's a very durable segment of the market where we are extremely well positioned. And for us just overall what we're seeing COVID lot of near term disruptions but we think it actually plays to our strengths, both as far as market access, global footprint and technological advantage, particularly around intelligent labels.
Greg Lovins: So I think, we've had as I talked about last quarter low single digit benefit sequentially from where we ended last year. Through the first quarter another, I guess, low single digit benefit from Q1 to where we were Q2 from a raw material basket perspective, And as you said started out earlier in the year in paper, early Q2 some benefit from films and chemicals. And we are looking a little bit of pressure in the back half, potentially depending on where the macro goes and where oil goes, et cetera. So I think we may see, given some of the sequential deflation we've had in the first couple of quarters, a little bit of a modest price for all headwind in the second half sequentially from where we are at the end of the second quarter.
Greg Lovins: So overall, if you look at, we clearly think we thought at the time that we were, some of the surge we saw speaks specifically to the mature regions, North America and Europe. Some of the surge we saw was inventory building and we think renouncing the industry and we are seeing inventory destocking. If you look at our growth over really just going back March through July, the mature regions grew 6% over that period. So that's above what we've historically seen, which we think is not through the cycle yet, obviously. Clearly, that's above the average consumption within that business, and I'm talking volumes right now. As far as within the, you asked the share question specifically. So we don't have all the share data in yet. So, we don't yet know the answer where we do see it, we do believe, we did perhaps lose some very modest amounts of share early on in the cycle we were, our plants, a couple of our plants were in position where there was COVID hotspots, as I mentioned earlier. And so, as we are ramping up production and so forth and ultimately, got to the point of having record output. But in that early part, we think we didn't see a bit of share. But overall, within the range that we would expect over time and we're confident that we'll be able to recapture anything that we did lose.
Greg Lovins: And the second question there. So overall, when we look at the full P&L for the company, our decremental margin was around 20%. And if I break that down, as we talked last quarter, we expected the volume impacts net of the short-term actions to be around 30% for the year. That was about 40% in Q2 and we were expected that to be a bit higher than the normal, just given the bigger decline in the quarter. And then we offset part of that volume net of short-term action 40%. We offset part of that with the restructuring savings, as well as incentive compensation adjustments. So from an RBS perspective, obviously, given the size of the sales decline their impact was bigger, and given the fact that they generally have higher variable margins as well. And they had an impact in the second quarter from of course the incentive compensation, accrual impact as well. So, we wouldn't expect that to change too much for RBIS as we move through the back half, just given the higher variable margins there and not repeating the adjustment on incentive compensation as well.
Greg Lovins: So I think as you said on the temporary cost actions, we're looking at about $150 million this year. If I break that down a little more than a third of that are kind of the most volume impacted piece, the things like over time temporary cost furlough type of benefits. About a third of it is or little bit more is belt tightening and that's something that if volume doesn't come back, we could continue to manage. If volume comes back, sorry, on the more volume really pieces, obviously, that part will go up. And then somewhere around 25% to 30% of it is incentive compensation adjustments as well, both short term annual incentives, as well as long term incentives that are this year. So, that part wouldn't repeat in 2021 as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes, similar to the rest of the company, I think, I mean, I assume overall, the bigger declines that we saw were in industrial, particularly in the automotive categories, just given automotive productions in the quarter. So those are the areas we had the biggest declines. I think when we look forward, we would expect automotive to maybe get a little bit better as we move through Q3. Still expecting to be down. I think we talked about before, we're down kind of mid teens in July and expect that to get a little bit better as we move through the quarter, or modestly better as we move through quarter. So where we expect decremental margins to be at a similar level I think, overall, IHM and the total company we talked about last quarter, volumes net of short term actions is roughly 30%. Areas like RBIS, IHM a little bit higher than that and areas like LPM a little bit lower than that.
Greg Lovins: So a big part of the decline sequentially is related to the incentive compensation adjustments that I talked about. So we would expect the back half incentive compensation accruals to remain low but not to have the catch up that we saw in the second quarter. So we would expect corporate costs to go back up closer to where they were, I think, maybe still slightly better than where they were in Q1 one, but certainly higher than what they were in the second quarter.
Greg Lovins: So as we said, we're still expecting to deliver roughly $500 million in free cash flow for the year. At the same time, our debt position and our balance sheet remains strong. So we continue to feel comfortable about our ability to continue investing in the business organically, continuing to look for M&A targets, which we're continuing to do as well and then also continuing to return cash to shareholders, which we've done by maintaining the dividend throughout this crisis period so far. And we have share buy backs as we've talked about and that's something that we'll continue to monitor and evaluate as we move through the back part of the year.
Greg Lovins: From a sales perspective, in July, as we talked about a minute ago, overall, LGM is down about 6%. That's what the LPM business being down kind of in the low to mid single digit range and graphics being down roughly in the mid teens.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, it's tough to sell when you talk about being an early indicator in the past, it was often going into a downturn. We had a good feel for it before and we actually would experience it a quarter or two before everything else. And there's no other reason other than I would just say it was kind of collective wisdom across the value chain as people being having a little more uncertainty rashing down inventory levels and because we're further back would have a compounded effect for us. And then on the flip side of your point when things were starting to stabilize and get better and inventories were starting to rebuild, we would see the exact opposite effect in the surging demand. This is obviously playing out differently where the surge came first and everybody was concerned about just what would their continuity of supply look like. And even in our industrial categories within IHM, we actually had pretty healthy growth still in March and April, which were just automotive supply chain, making sure they had enough product of all the various categories, because people were worried about running out. So this is playing out different across the businesses, particularly the two materials businesses and we've seen in the past. And there is a lack of clear visibility of what's happening around and inventory levels, obviously, at the pantry level and everything else. From everybody we speak to, the census consumption of packaged goods continues to remain strong on a relative basis, particularly consumption. If you think of packaged foods, think of packaged household care, personal care is kind of on the normal growth rate. There was inventory stocking earlier on but people aren't shampooing their hair anymore in this environment than they were before. But they're cleaning their counters if you will more in this environment than they were before. So, we do see some clear signs of some different paths for different end markets. But little bit tough for us to tell right now and we got to get through the next few months to have a clearer view on that overall, Jeff.
Greg Lovins: So, overall, it's with the pipeline growth that get to our 15% to 20% average growth that we're expecting going forward, and we've delivered at the high end of that organically in the past. So that's what that comes from specifically. As far as size of programs, there's a lot, all different sizes of programs. We have smaller specialty programs in some categories and then very large volume programs in others. So it actually runs the gamut, if you will, across. And so our confidence and our ability to grow this business at the 15% to 20% level is reinforced by the pipeline and just the increased level of insights we have by the investments we've made in business development and marketing development teams overtime and just finding more and more use cases.
Greg Lovins: From a channel standpoint, so roughly 75% of the business is direct to the end users and 25% goes through converters. Most of that converter leverage is coming through Smartrac and that's where we're looking to combine it with the strengths of LGM, but most of the business is direct to end customers is where the sale happen.
Greg Lovins: So again, overall, I talked about our EBITDA margins, we expect to be roughly flat to prior year, assuming the top-line plays out as we've talked about for the whole company, we are giving or not giving EBITDA margin targets by business. But when we look across the trends, as I mentioned earlier, we have had some positive net price and raw materials in the first half in LGM where we see raw materials generally stabilizing a bit right now and a little bit of a modest headwind, as I mentioned earlier on net pricing as we move into the back half in LGM. Otherwise, I don't really see significant changes. I mean, normally we have a seasonal Q2 to Q3 bit of a margin decline each year in LGM. So normally, you would expect to continue seeing that type of a trend as well. But otherwise, not any other major trends that I would see affecting margins through the back half.
Greg Lovins: I mean, those are the drivers. I mean we just made, I guess, some modest adjustment to our expectations on cash flow for the year. So again, as you said, a little bit higher restructuring costs given the higher savings we expect this year and next year, a little bit higher cash tax rates. And then, operationally, we're largely where we had expected a quarter ago a little bit more work to do on working capital, particularly inventory as we talked about.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Adam, as I think I said a minute ago, Jeff's question on July. We've seen an LPM kind of low to mid single digits in July graphics down mid teens, and that's really our expectation right now for the quarter is low to mid single in LPM and graphics down in the mid teens. So we're looking at mid single digit decline overall for LGM. We've already seen in North America an improvement in July versus what we've seen in June. I think in Europe, it's a question, as Mitch already talked about a number of factors, just as well as the August holiday period and how things return there are not. So I think, it’ll be a few weeks or so until we really get a better view of the trends in Europe.
Mitch Butier: We're actually seeing it across the board. The surge we saw was in all product categories and we're further back in the supply chain. And so the compounding effect of pantry loading, which is what the end users would see but then you've got though with the end users and the consumer packaged goods companies have and then the converters as well. And so our converter customers are telling us, yes, they did build inventory and they are now reducing inventory now that they all are comfortable across the network that there will be a continuity of supply. We don't have a good read on exactly what it, how much of it will be destocking versus end consumption. As I mentioned over that five months horizon, there is a above average demand for our products, that's what we're continuing to see. And over the next month or two, I think we'll be able to sort out exactly how much is destocking and so forth. And again, the market data is not yet in for particularly North America yet, so we don't have a good feel on that. Within, in general, we believe the market for film business in particular, because of just the household and personal care, particularly household has done well from a market perspective and we're continuing to see good growth in that category. And that's where you probably see the big most exaggerated increase in consumption.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So, I'll let Greg answer the decremental margin question in a moment. So specifically around RFID. Yes, 75% of the business now with the Smartrac acquisition is linked to apparel. So, obviously, for existing programs when their volumes are down of our customers, the existing programs will decline. We expect ultimately apparel as it has in the past rebound, people are still going to consume clothes, and we think we're well-positioned within that. And then, so that's really what the driver is overall of the RFID decline. What we're seeing as far as activities, both in apparel and outside of apparel, those who knew they wanted to drive more automation, increased their speed and we're looking at RFID are accelerating their efforts. And those where it was maybe more earlier in the pipeline discussions, definitely a lot more interest. So as I commented, our pipeline for intelligent label programs is up more than 35% just from the beginning of this year and it's up close to 60% since last year. So a significant increase. And about half of the pipeline growth that we're seeing is in logistics, so that area in particular standing out. Apparel and food, we're still seeing 20% increase in both of those categories in the pipeline since the beginning of the year. The one where we're obviously not getting much traction right now and it's slowed down is aviation. So there hasn't been any growth really in the aviation pipeline over the last, well, since the beginning of the year for obvious reasons. So generally, very excited about the opportunities, not only in apparel, a lot of runway ahead of us on that but also particularly driving within food and logistics. Greg, you want to take decremental margin…
Mitch Butier: We're expecting continued improvement in LGM and IHM but it's really around RBIS. And we don't, if you look at July itself, it doesn't fully reflect what we just think is going on within apparel and brands from our discussions with them. There seem to be a good amount of catch up in July, particularly South Asia started to ramp back up and doing some catch up on maybe some late back to school early fall season. For us the key thing to watch and by the way, July is one of the lowest months seasonally in the year for the apparel business. So, it's not a good benchmark overall is what I'd say. So we're being basically expecting continued improvement in LGM IHM, but July not being good baseline for how to think about the entire quarter for RBIS. As you look through it, the key next area so back to school and fall largely getting behind us and these seasons obviously overlap. Holiday is a key season for us and that's really September, October and maybe early November, that will be a key test for us about just overall confidence in the retail sector and conference going into the holiday season. So that will be the key next area to watch and we'll be giving updates as we go through that.
Mitch Butier: And then the other part of your question just about expecting things to come back, we've seen in past recessions we bounced back quickly in the year following the recession. And so I said that again I just said in the 12 months following whenever the recession ends, we're not foreseeing and everybody has their own assumptions about when this period will conclude, but we still expect that bounce back that you mentioned Adam.
Mitch Butier: Overall, the integration and just is going extremely well and actually ahead of schedule for us, the synergy opportunities and most of that's growth synergy opportunities are on track is what I'd say. The business in the quarter was down from prior year, it's got it linked, tied into apparel as well but down less than the average overall. And we're seeing quite a bit opportunity, both in the apparel and logistics space combining the two shrinks of the two businesses. So, overall, pleased with what we're seeing from a capability standpoint, the link of their R&D capabilities with our process technology capabilities, the footprint and just the complimentary channel access that we bring.
Mitch Butier: Overall, there's a lot of factors going on. And I think what you should, as Greg commented on our overall total company EBITDA margins what we expect for the second half and full year and what we would reasonably estimate is actually pick up in margins in RBIS and IHM, particularly RBIS as revenue begins to rebound on a sequential basis from the trough in Q2. And that will be partially offset by a moderation of some of the margins in LGM. Within LGM, you have some mix benefits potentially around graphics coming back as you highlight. There are obviously a number of other factors. And we really moved quite quickly on these temporary cost savings, which impacted the Q2. So there's a number of factors going different directions. I think, overall takeaway feel confident with total company margins, even in this lower demand environment, we're going to be able to maintain our EBITDA margins for the full year in the second half, but we need to continue first half as a starting point little bit of moderation in LGM for various, particularly temporary cost savings timing, offset by benefits coming from RBIS and IHM, particularly RBIS.
Mitch Butier: Yes, we expect this business is resilient, it will bounce back. The timing depends on what's going on in the macro and everything else. And we are, RBIS, lot of questions around retail and apparel overall. When we look at the mix of that business with below average, how much was in high value segments. If you go back six years ago, five, six years ago, even very recent, more recent than that a couple years ago, it’s mix of high value segments, both intelligence labels and exterior embellishments. We see being well above average as far as it's mix, so some very strong long term secular growth, I won’t call them tailwinds, because the team's doing phenomenal job navigating the environment, but that's what we expect. So, absolutely and yes.
Mitch Butier: And overall, I do just think the thing to focus on is just the end consumption. What you think is going to be happening going in both Europe and North America elsewhere as well of course, because that's where the inventory piece will work its way through and we didn't expect that to permanently stabilize. I mean stay at the higher inventory levels longer term. We're sharing a lot of the anecdotes, as well as hard evidence that some number of categories with our labels do have increased consumption on a relative basis but what's going on in the broader economy, because a lot of our VI labels don't just go on e-commerce, they also just go on regular supply chain goods and will help with the restaurant industry and everything else. So I think that's a bigger area to impact probably the second half is what your own assumptions are about in consumption. We know we are well positioned. We feel good that what's going on and the focus around more hygiene is enhancing the focus around needing packaging and needing more disinfectants with which our labels go on and so forth. So on a relative basis, we feel that the market's positioned well. We're obviously extremely well positioned within that market. Questions a little more just what your assumptions are around the macro and when do we come out of this.
Mitch Butier: Yes, I was referencing Europe specifically. And our comments, the reference point of mid single digits versus comments of up 10 we’re talking revenue. The market is evaluated in terms of volume primarily. And so from a volume basis, we're up high single digits, almost 10% within the quarter within Europe.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thank you everybody for joining us. And once again, I want to thank our entire team for their tireless efforts to keep one another safe and continuing to deliver for our customers. I look forward to speaking all of you later in this quarter when we provide an update. Until then stay safe everyone.
