Mitchell Butier: Yeah. As far as our expectations, we did expect a moderation within RFID specifically within the quarter, not obviously for the year over the long-term because of the tough comp that you commented on. And we did talk about last quarter that we’re starting to cycle through the strategic pricing adjustments we started making in late 2015. So, we did expect that – we’ve been talking through. We’ve been seeing volume gains within the base business, so excluding RFID and external embellishments. And we expect as the strategic pricing adjustments cycle through, we’ll start to see the growth on the sales line as well from the base business. So, little bit better than we expected. Overall, strong performance. As far as what's going on within the market, yeah, there is a significant amount of store closures and focus on inventory reduction as a part of that. For us, that just really reinforces the strategy shift we've had about getting faster, simpler and more competitive, lowering our variable costs, so we can be more competitive in the marketplace; and lowing our fixed cost, so we can expand margins; and focusing on speed and delivery of service to ensure that, as our customers look for faster lead times, we’re able to meet that need. So, a little better than expected, Ghansham, and I’d say, overall, the trends that we’re seeing definitely aren't great overall from the market, but we think reinforces our strategic strength within the market.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, don't like to talk too much about specific customers here, but we have a very strong partnership with Target and this is not a new partnership. So, we just announced publicly this last quarter. It’s not a new partnership. We are their primary partner in rolling out of RFID as they roll it across their stores.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. Overall, we did see some modest cost inflation in the first quarter and we are seeing some sequential modest further inflation in the second quarter, but largely coming from acrylics and propylene at this point. There are some indications that this could be temporary. So, we’re evaluating that and staying on top of that with our procurement folks as well. Overall, we continue to be focused on material reengineering as well to drive productivity on our raw material costs when we see these kind of slight inflation upticks. We did increase prices in China, as we talked about. And if inflationary pressures persist, we will look to continue increasing prices in other regions as well as we go through the quarter.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. I think it's just the strength we saw in Q1 and going into Q2 from what we’re seeing. So, that's really what causes to raise the low-end of our guidance on the top line. You recall, when we set guidance and talked about it, particularly back in January, while we gave a range both for growth as well as for earnings per share, we said our target and our objective is to be in the upper end of that range. And so, we hit or exceeded our expectations in each of the groups and the company overall, top and bottom line. And so, you should expect the bottom to drift up through time, assuming we keep hitting our expectations.
Mitchell Butier: Absolutely. I’d say if you wanted to parse it out even further versus expectations, Europe and emerging markets came in a little better than we expected. North America was softer than we expected three months ago, specifically within the quarter.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Overall, in China, we had a good quarter with growth in the mid-teens. Even with the pre-buy, I think we're in the low double digit range. We would expect potentially between the pre-buy and a little bit of the timing impact of Easter in the other regions, which was in March prior year and April of this year, maybe roughly $0.02 falling between the quarters as a result of those pre-buys.
Mitchell Butier: It was relatively broad-based and there’s no particular one or two insights we’d have. I’d say it’s variable information labels, barcode labels trended better than the rest, which we think is linked to just the increased growth of e-commerce.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. Our overall long-term guidance for this business is to be 12.5% to 13.5% plus. So, we don’t give individual guidance within quarters and so forth. So, we would expect the business organically to show the expansion as we’ve talked through. One thing that does – you need to factor in that isn't specifically in our guidance is Yongle, the acquisition closes, which we expect sometime middle of the year. There will be an impact on what we actually report. But the base business that we have, you should expect some modest expansion as we go through the year.
Mitchell Butier: No. Excluding RFID and external embellishments – external embellishments grew roughly 20% – excluding both of those, the base business was actually up a couple points, Jeff.
Mitchell Butier: Overall, the orders are consistent with what we’d expect to see. They’re relatively healthy. However, as we’ve talked about in the past, the key thing for this business as we go through the peak season is really what happens in the month of May. You can sometimes see surges. And then, if the peak, if you will, drops off a week early or extends a week late, is really what determines what will happen for the second quarter.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. And a big driver of that being RFID because we’re passing the tough comps and we’ve got some pipelines still going on.
Mitchell Butier: The second is excluding RFID? Then, yes, it’s coming at a healthy clip, relatively consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Mitchell Butier: And just to build on that, so why is China different? It was a couple of factors. You have – while they’re global commodities, you have still local capacity and there was some capacity constraints upstream within our markets within China that drove some of that.  And also, as we’ve talked about before, while these are global markets, you have currency adjustments as well. Obviously, it can influence the actual local inflation. And the Chinese currency has devalued relative to the US dollar, and so that, obviously, would create a little bit more inflationary pressure as well. I think the key thing here is, we’re seeing some pressure. We expect it to abate. But if it does not, we will be looking at price increases. But our overall focus here is to continue to use our productivity initiatives and material reengineering that Greg spoke about earlier, to continue to find new ways to reduce the cost, so that we can offset any inflation. And to the extent we can't, we’ll then be looking at pricing beyond that.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah. So, overall, so we’ve had strong growth within the industrial businesses. And the particular segments, US – both US and Europe, but in the US, building and construction is the biggest area that’s driving growth right now. And modest growth within the automotive space and very strong growth within building and construction.
Mitchell Butier: Well, if you’re talking about broadly what’s going on within the market, as far as our perspective, the market may go through may go through a bit of a slowdown or could continue along the pace that it’s been seeing. We have significant share gain opportunity within our business, though, and that's what we’re focused on. And with the acquisition of Yongle Tape, that gives us access to OEMs that we think we can leverage across the product portfolio and really go after new opportunities. And remember, within automotive, there is a general secular trend towards light-weighting and so forth and a conversion from mechanical fasteners to tapes and adhesives. And so, even if there's a shift on the general automotive build trend, we think that the market overall has good secular tailwinds and we will have share gain opportunity as well.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. The healthcare, there is two aspects to that, if you recall. One, Vancive basically comped through some declines in the middle of last year, so we’ve cycle through that in the middle of this year and we should return to growth in that business. And then the other aspect was, there is the program loss because of the technology chain within the healthcare side of our tapes business. That basically has been declining and will cycle through by Q3 of this year as well.
Mitchell Butier: Absolutely. Yeah, if you recall, one of the changes we made as we reconnected the business with tape, specifically to leverage some of the synergies that we have within tapes for development of new products and so forth, and so we’ve got a number of new products from antimicrobial wound care packages, IV bandages and so forth, and have a number of partnerships with key end users that we see a lot of opportunity for growth and margin expansion. And the margin expansion is going to be around both driving growth, but getting much more focused and disciplined in having a much more cost-effective service delivery model.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So, our flexibility rates, which we measure as what percent of orders that we can deliver on time based on the customer request on our promised date, these were around 60% 18 months ago. They’re north of 90% now and closing in on what the materials businesses have, which are in the high 90s.
Mitchell Butier: Year-over-year, it’s relatively consistent. Sequentially, Q2 is when you have the big headwind because wage increases tend to happen in early April.
Mitchell Butier: Great. Thank you. Well, again, we’re pleased with the performance in the first quarter, of consistently strong performance that we've been delivering. It really is a testament to the depth of talent we have in the organization, the resilience of our leadership positions within each of our businesses and the strategic foundations we’ve laid. And I just really want to thank the team for their continued dedication, creativity and focus. Thank you.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. So, it’s not actually higher share-based compensation. It’s the tax impact on share-based compensation. So, that was the change in the quarter. So that’s related to an accounting standard change. So, we have removed the impact of taxes on share-based compensation from an equity to the income statement. So, that was really what the challenge was. It’s not necessarily an increase in share-based compensation overall. 
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. Really, the impact of a smaller headwind on currency, given where we are right now versus where we were at the beginning of the year, net of a little bit of a headwind on the share count.
Gregory Lovins: In terms of the cash tax, not a major change from where we’ve been historically at this point. That accounting change also did have a small impact on our cash flow as well, but overall not a big change from a cash tax rate.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think on graphics in particular, we did have a little bit of low-single-digit growth in North America in the quarter. And that was coming off of Q1 of last year where we grew, I think, in the mid to high teens in the graphics business. If you look at kind of a couple of year comp there, we’re still up in the mid-teens from where we were a couple of years ago in Q1. So, still feel good about our overall trajectory in graphics. Just a little bit of a blip in this quarter with the high growth we had a year ago. Overall, as Mitch I think mentioned in his comments, other volumes in North America were up slightly year-over-year, particularly in our base business, then offsetting part of that kind of slower growth rate in graphics.
Gregory Lovins: It’s broadly the volume flow-through from what we’ve changed on the top line by and large. Obviously, individual divisions, there's different things going on. But that's one – I’d say overall what’s happening.
Gregory Lovins: We issue equity-based compensation within the first quarter. And people who are retirement-eligible, that tends to have a disproportional hit at the point of grant on the P&L, not only necessarily vesting. So, that’s one of the reasons that it hits in Q1 a little bit more than elsewhere.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think the gap is negligible in the first quarter. As I said, we do expect some modest inflationary pressure sequentially into Q2. So, you might have a slightly bigger gap, but still relatively modest overall. And we’d expect it to narrow again in the second half.
Gregory Lovins: Yeah. I think we started to see some increases in China, in particular, a little bit earlier in acrylics, in particular, I think, earlier this year that let us to do the price increasing action in March. We are starting to see the pressures in the back half of Q1 and into Q2, increased a little bit, as I said, in some of the other regions, and that's where we’re evaluating other actions. But, again, also looking at how we look at productivity in material reengineering to help abate that as well. But, overall, we’re seeing a little bit, again, modest increases across the regions, a little bit earlier in China, which is why we took the action there. And we’re evaluating actions in other areas. But we do see some signs that this inflation could be a bit transitory across the year. so, we’re making sure we’re staying on top of that and we’ll increase prices as appropriate and where it’s necessary.
Gregory Lovins: Well, this being our largest business, the whole range of our guidance that we have, 3.5% to 4.5%, we came in at 5%. You’re asking specifically about LGM. So, at the low end, you’d have to have a moderation for the rest of the year. And at the high-end, you would basically have a consistency with what we saw on Q1.
Gregory Lovins: Thank you, George. Yeah. So, first, on the employee cost inflation, this business is more employee intensive than our other businesses, and that's why we call it out as far as the wage inflation that we have within the business. You would expect – I won’t comment specifically about in this year, but over the trend of the transformation that we have that that headwind would moderate a bit. The key thing we focus on is our general wage inflation – because we have this in all of our businesses – getting it to a size where it’s at or less than our general productivity that we have. So, non-restructuring productivity. So, using Lean Sigma and otherwise. And that is our focus and that's something that we've achieved within the quarter and reached.  And then, as far as our share gain opportunities, you asked about the – we cycle through the strategic pricing adjustments, but talking about price going forward within this business is tough. It’s a custom business, so you're moving from a 3 x 3 tag to a 3 x 2 tag and going from four color and five color and so forth. So, what we really focus on are the variable margins within that. And we think that we can continue to maintain the variable margins and continue to drive more competitiveness and gain more share. And the share isn't just about price. A big move here has been our improved service, both preorder and our design capabilities, as well as post-order, so how quick we can deliver the products to our customers. That is a key part of the value proposition that we’ve dramatically improved over the last 18 months.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that. In terms of North America and the somewhat-softer LGM volumes, can you put a little bit more detail in terms of what was driving that? Recognizing you have very, very short lead times, have trends improved into April, so that we shouldn’t worry as much about that, Greg? And then, there was some color on specialty and graphics and the interplay of volumes in the quarter, if you could review that again, that’d be great. And thanks. That’s it for me for the first round.
George Staphos: But any view in terms of why this slowdown or was it just purely comparison? It’s just like it wasn’t graphics.
George Staphos: Hi. Thank you, guys. Two questions on RBIS for me to finish up. In terms of employee costs, I think there was a mention of that, Mitch, in your remarks at the beginning. Should we be expecting some deceleration in the year-on-year growth in employee cost, 2Q, 3Q, et cetera? Or is whatever the run rate was in 1Q likely to continue over the balance of the year? And if you had that handy or if it was available, what was that trajectory on employee cost? So, that's broadly question number one. And number two, on RBIS, I just want to make sure, now that you're lapping the strategic price adjustments that you had in the business, do you think the price levels are such that you can continue this volume momentum? Or is there any – I don’t know how to phrase it – lingering concern that once you lap that, you may start to see some of your share momentum also decelerate? How would you have us consider that? Thank you, guys. And good luck on the quarter.
George Staphos: Okay. Okay, I remember that now. It’s very impressive. And just on employee costs, is it typical that you have the most pressure early in the year, just broadly. And so, whatever that headwind that you offset with productivity was in 1Q, the nut gets less lodged to step over in the subsequent quarters or is that not sure? Thank you, guys.
