Dean A. Scarborough: Scott, the decision around Graphics is something we hadn't communicated previously. And as we looked at the market there, we realized that we could get another step-function level of improvement by closing an existing factory and putting a new, more modern asset, an encoding line in the facility in Europe and basically, take out the fixed costs of that factory. So this is a new program but one we think will really accelerate our competitiveness in that business.
Dean A. Scarborough: Our -- Scott, our goal is to continue to improve margins. I mean, one of the objectives of the European restructuring is to improve our operating margins in PSM in Europe. So I think you'll hear -- you'll obviously hear a summary of that in the May meeting. But certainly, as you might guess, it would be really unusual for a corporation to set targets for businesses lower in the next year after you just completed a pretty good year. So it's just not our mentality.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think we feel more confident in sort of the overall economic situation, and we feel more confident about the strategies in our businesses around innovation, around taking market share. We feel good about things like RFID taking hold in the apparel retail industry. But I would say our visibility in the short term in terms of predicting quarter by quarter what's going to happen isn't any better now than it was before.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think for us the -- especially on the long-term targets, we feel good about, let's say, packaging markets for PSM. They're consistent. We feel like emerging market growth is going to continue. We know the long-term trend for apparel, 2% to 3% growth every year, and it can be somewhat volatile. But we feel really good about the trend in RFID, and we feel good about our competitiveness and our ability to capture market share. So I think it's a combination of both.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think every retailer goes at their own pace, although the process is somewhat predictable. They start with some pilots in a few stores, and then they expand it to certain product lines. And then, eventually, we've got a couple of customers literally go wall to wall for all of their items. And we just attended the National Retail Federation show in New York a couple of weeks ago. And we -- there was a panel discussion about RFID, and there were major retailers there, as well as some industry pundits. And it was clear from the conversation that the ability to manage our inventory much more tightly is of enormous value to retailers, especially in an omni channel world because as retailers do more online selling, those retail stores are also acting as warehouses so that they can direct the consumer to come and pick it up or even ship it out from the store and not just from -- not from the warehouse. So it's -- what I see is it's picking up momentum, and the tide has really turned from -- RFID, if you're not onboard for RFID, you're really behind the curve, and that's, for me, a really positive move.
Dean A. Scarborough: Again, it's tough to predict because retailers sometimes accelerate the delay in both -- the shorter the time period, the harder it is to predict. But I think 20% to 30% compound growth rate over the next few years is a decent forecast.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. We haven't seen major shifts. I think, Ghansham, and the challenges are different depending on the segment. I mean, the performance athletic channel did really well. Fast fashion did well. I think mass merchandise and the department store, kind of the fashion-type channels had a little bit more of a challenge. But I would say that we don't anticipate any major changes. I mean, we did see some slowdown in U.S. I think we -- our shipments were -- if you net out RFID, which is the right thing to do because we had some enormous headwinds there, we grew in the low-single digits from U.S. retailers. I don't really expect that to change going into the next season. But of course, the proof is in the pudding. We won't really have visibility on that until March.
Dean A. Scarborough: We grew in the high-single digits. We have a number -- again, we believe we're taking market share there. But on top of that, there has been an acceleration of RFID implementations there with a number of different retailers, and that helped us quite a bit.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's definitely accretive. So I would say, currently, it's at or above the margin range that we're at, and so it's a good trend for us.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, generally, Q4 has lower margins than Q3. That's a typical trend for us. A number of factors. Graphics sales tend to be lower. Those are higher-margin products. People aren't wrapping cars or putting up graphics on buildings when it's in cold weather. So those tend to be a slower period. We did -- we would have expected higher flow-through, and we don't really have a complete understanding yet. I suspect that there was just higher growth in lower-margin categories than there were in higher-margin categories. We don't have the market data yet so that's a hypothesis. But we are continuing to take share, and we have lower share in lower-margin categories. The business is profitable, and we like the business. So part of it is just that as we grab some share. And we certainly had more volume than we expected. So we did have some extra expenses that we didn't anticipate in the quarter either. I mean, if you look at our guidance range versus what we actually performed, there was a bit of a surprise. So there was an extra cost in the business that -- because we weren't prepared for it, that I don't expect to repeat.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think good execution in the business. There's a number of factors here. We had better-than-expected sales growth in the year. We had good productivity during the year, and innovation was another key driver for us. I think I mentioned that we had almost 1/3 of our products that were new and improved. Some of that is lower-cost products. Some of that is just new-to-the-world products. And that's -- those are all a whole bunch of factors that were positive. So we will update our guidance ranges for the sectors in our May investor meeting. And I think we've got a good trend. We -- again, we did go above our target range. We're investing in restructuring in our European operations for our Graphics business, which will -- won't help us in 2014. It's actually a bit of a headwind, but it will certainly help us in 2015. And all of that will be reflected in our new targets for the next 3 years in May.
Dean A. Scarborough: So George, yes. So we're replacing a 40-year-old asset in the facility. So I would say we're replacing it -- yes, there is a little bit of net add to capacity for the Graphics business, but we intend to grow that business. But we're replacing it with a modern asset that's a heck of a lot more efficient and productive than the one we're replacing and therefore -- that's why this investment has such a good payback. So I would say, as an investment in net -- Graphics coaters tend to run slower. They're not like the LPM coaters, et cetera, et cetera. It's a whole different product category.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So we had a nice combination of stronger-than-expected volume growth against some pretty tough comps. We had better contribution margins. And with the footprint reduction that we've been executing, the productivity helped all at the same time. So I would say, again, we're happy but not satisfied. Actually, I think we could have squeezed that -- the team actually thinks they could have squeezed out a little bit more. So they're driven to hit their targets, but we were very pleased with the performance of RBIS in Q4.
Dean A. Scarborough: If you just do the math, right, so we have improved our operating leverage in the business by over 100 basis points the last 2 years. We need to do about the same pace to get to the 2015 targets by 2015. And so our internal objectives are set to do that. I think that one of the pacing items for us is, as you can imagine in a network business, where service is critical, we are -- you have to pace how you move this capacity around, how you take some of these fixed costs out. I think one of the things I'm really delighted about is even with all the footprint reduction actions we've taken in the business, our service, our quality, our safety have all improved at the same time. So that tells me that the team is operating very effectively to, in a way, reduce footprint and increase sales at the same time. It's not an easy thing to accomplish.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I wouldn't describe it as a turnaround. We had a 100-basis-point improvement in margins year-over-year in Q4, and we exceeded the top end of our range. So I think this is -- there is variation in any improvement path, okay? And I think this is kind of a really good job of adjusting to the environment being incredibly agile. So -- and again, we don't have that much forward visibility. So I feel good about our ability to manage mix and price and productivity over the long term. And I think there's -- it's rare when you can sort of plot a super-steady course the whole way. So I think the team is doing a great job. We've got more productivity planned, again, with the European restructuring. I think we are intending to continue to take share, to continue to innovate, and we had good performance in Tapes and Reflectives. And that should continue as well. So I feel good about what we did. So again, I think if you catch a little disappointment in our voice, it's like we had a really good quarter and it could have been even better. And I think that shows more ambition in our voice and intent to continue to drive the business forward and the margins up.
Dean A. Scarborough: Rosemarie, I think it's more about tweaking our strategy. And there's nothing I would say major here. It's again driving more innovation, a little bit of cost out here. This is -- our overall strategy is the same, and that's to continue to grow our business through innovation, through -- and a lot of the innovation helps us take market share, continuing to execute well in emerging markets. We had a great quarter in emerging markets. And so I don't think there's anything major here. It's just a matter of keep focusing on driving the business forward.
Dean A. Scarborough: No. Our mentality is, "Let's figure out a way to either innovate in those product categories where we might need a little help or to get more productive."
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say, generally, most retailers continue to expand it. And we had one major retailer who's moved -- or 2 -- a couple of major retailers that have moved to mark everything in the store because once you get 60% to 70%, it just makes sense to convert. We did have a retailer last year who scaled back some of their ambitions. They didn't cancel the program, but I think that was more about their overall market position and strategy than it was related to RFID.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's a reflection of our inability to really get a good forward look, and it's actually narrower this year than it has been the last couple of years. We just don't have any -- we don't have much forward visibility in our business. We don't have backlogs. We ship out a huge percentage of our orders in just a few days, and it's just kind of a reality for us. And so one thing I will tell you, and that is from an internal objective point of view, we target the high end of the range.
Dean A. Scarborough: January is our lowest sales month. And so it's not really indicative, and we actually look to February to see -- get a decent read. So we're not going to comment on where it's coming out. I'd say, overall, it's consistent with our guidance expectations for the year, but it's not a good barometer.
Dean A. Scarborough: We'll extend the targets probably another 3 years because if we update the 2015 targets, we'll essentially be giving guidance for 2015. And we're not going to do that in May of 2014. So these will be longer-term objectives for the company.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Fran. I'm very pleased with the excellent progress we've made over the past 2 years against our long-term strategic and financial goals. Innovation will continue to be a hallmark for our businesses, further strengthening our industry-leading positions in all of our key markets. Our value-creation formula remains straightforward. Modest top line growth, ongoing productivity improvements and highly disciplined capital management will continue to drive double-digit earnings growth and solid free cash flow, most of which we'll give back to shareholders. I would like to thank the Avery Dennison team members for delivering another solid year. I look forward to working with you to achieve our targets for 2014. Thanks for joining us today, and I look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Mitchell R. Butier: And as far as the comp versus 2013, the 2013 number includes gains on the sales of a number of assets, our headquarters and some other facilities. And if you exclude all those gains, we're actually in the low $40 million worth of spend in 2013 as well.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So a couple of things. If you look at the restructuring trends over time, it ramped up in 2012, kind of peaked. In '13, it started to trail off, with the exception of this action in Europe that we've been talking about. RBIS, we've said will continue to be restructuring for the next few years. We are far along but still have more footprint consolidation to do. And as we look at further expanding the margins by over a point every year, we -- I've been pretty consistent, I think, in saying that we should expect that for the next few years. As far as the normal level of restructuring, if you will, I think the $20 million, $25 million level for the next few years is the right number to use.
Mitchell R. Butier: If you look at Q4, we were well over our expectations for the fourth quarter just because of visibility.
Mitchell R. Butier: And if you're comparing to last year the fact that our low-end guidance started with 1%, part of that is the macro, where there was more uncertainty a year ago as to what the macro environment would be. So it's very difficult to do that.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, if you just looked at average, the average of 97 million, it's about 3 million less than what we were the average for '11 -- I mean, for 2013. And it's a 2.5 million share dilution. And so basically comping that out, you're looking at 5 million and change [ph] of shares on average.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So we're experiencing pressures here in the U.S. as well, and then we're working to offset all that. But we are -- actually, the U.S. is one of the places where we are implementing some price increases and putting in a surcharge for propylene and freight and so forth.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So if you talk about dollars, dollars per unit are higher than the rest of our business. But if you look at the variable flow-through on percent, it is somewhat lower just because they're higher price point items. But if you look at just a fully absorbed EBIT margins, it is higher than the average of the rest of the business. And that does -- in the early days, we've got quite a bit of business development costs in that as well, but we're funding for future development of getting new retailers up and going. So we haven't quoted specifically flow-through per unit or anything else, and we're not going to comment on that.
Mitchell R. Butier: And the other thing I'd add is when I talked about some of the inflation that was currency induced with some of the currency movements that we had, it's a couple million dollars’ worth, it takes time to raise the prices and push that through as well. So that was an impact in the fourth quarter, too.
Mitchell R. Butier: And I guess, just to add to that a little bit. When you say what surprised us, it actually didn't surprise us. Our goal -- when we set the targets for 9% to 10% for Pressure-sensitive, we were hovering around 9% when we said that. And we said, "This is the range where this is a good business, and we should focus more on driving profitable growth," but then our internal target was to get to the high end of the range. And so that was our expectation. That is what we've been doing. Whereas, with RBIS, when we set the range, it was just to get inside the range by over a full point of expansion every year. So I wouldn't call this a surprise, John.
Mitchell R. Butier: No, we didn't quantify, but it's modest, George. It's a few million dollars in North America, and everywhere else it's -- we go to different levels of price increase depending on what's moving with the currencies. So for example, we did comment in 2013 that, in South America, we've been raising prices throughout the year effectively to offset some of the currency movements. So I'm not going to comment on that because it's really just looking to offset wherever the currency moves.
Mitchell R. Butier: We need a continuation of the current -- the economic environment we saw in '13 and continued execution both top line, as well as the productivity initiatives we've laid out.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. We -- you'd expect it to continue to -- I mean, if you look at the longer-term trend, it has been going down. Our CapEx for a number of years has been below our level of depreciation expense. A big part of that was just, when we moved OCP to disc ops, we had some depreciation expense in Q1 of last year and then all of DES as well. So it's a bigger reduction than you normally would see. And as we -- and as CapEx and depreciation start to converge, which they are getting close to doing, so you'd expect it to start to plateau a little bit.
Mitchell R. Butier: So one thing to point out, sorry, is also -- in talking about investments in the business, we have said the amortization on the acquisition intangibles in RBIS start to drop off in '16 and '17.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. The spike, I think, happened a couple of months earlier than we had seen in the past, and I know you're very close to this, but it seemed to come a little bit earlier. So we're putting it through as a surcharge, and if it comes back down, then the surcharge will come up. That's one of the reasons we're using the mechanism of the surcharge.
Mitchell R. Butier: They're tied to -- if we do a surcharge, they're tied to something specific, whether it be freight costs or whether it be propylene and so forth, and one of the surcharges is tied to propylene.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So I think when we spoke last time, we said it's a temp -- the trend was going down, particularly in September and October, as was consistent with the guidance we provided, which we wouldn't imply it was starting to come back. And it did come back, and November had the best month of year-over-year comps. It was pretty strong in most of the regions actually. And Europe came back stronger than -- as I've quoted, they were in high-single digits overall for the quarter. So Europe was particularly strong throughout the quarter but really ramped up. And November and December trailed off a little bit from a year-over-year standpoint, but strong, I'd say, pretty consistently throughout the quarter.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, the guidance has a -- the guidance, really, is just a floor. So we're saying it can be more than that. So it's going to be at least $25 million of pension contributions in 2014. That's what we're required to do. But we haven't locked down exactly what we're going to contribute. The factor there is the floor. I think the bigger factor for as you look at 2014 for free cash flow, bigger than pensions, is just the $30 million I commented on that seemed to move out of the first weeks of '14 into '13, as well as the impact of the 53rd week.
Mitchell R. Butier: No, we do not. This we use as a proxy just to -- for how we really look at it, which is full leverage, which is including the pension obligation. So this is kind of a shorthand for how we look at it, where -- if you look at total leverage. And our pension obligations -- our underfunded pension obligation is below -- across all the geographies is less than $300 million now, where it was north of $400 million last year.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So a couple of comments. This isn't a year-end target. It's actually averaged throughout the year, and Q4 is always the lowest point on the leverage. I think you're right to call it, the 1.5 is a little bit higher than if you normalized our average for 2013 because, the first 2 quarters, we didn't have the proceeds in. So it could be somewhere between the 1 and the 1.5 overall, if you would adjust for that, which would imply, as I mentioned, some good amount of balance sheet capacity. And we do have additional free cash flow in 2014 after the dividend of a couple hundred million. So we recognize that, and I think the key thing here is we've said that we're going to continue to be disciplined as we deploy cash to shareholders and -- through increasing dividends, as well as through share buybacks. And if you look at last year, we did deploy almost $400 million, which was more than our free cash flow from the business, and we will continue to follow the same approach we have been.
Mitchell R. Butier: No. I think, overall, it's just that, every year, we're making investments in different places, and there's not, I'd say, one general theme to the pull, to what's funding these increases. The overall investments, if you look at it relative to '13 to '14, there's increases in Asia. There's increases for the graphics coaters in Europe and modest increased investment in Tapes and the RFID business, so they're both growing.
