Mitchell R. Butier: Thanks, Cindy; and good day, everyone. We're off to a good start for the year. Sales grew 7% on a constant currency basis, adjusted operating margin expanded by 30 basis points, and adjusted EPS grew 30%, with all three of our operating segments meeting our expectations. Label and Graphic Materials delivered another quarter of solid growth with sales up roughly 3.5% organically. High value categories in emerging markets continued to deliver above average growth, and the price increases we implemented over the last few months are largely sticking. As expected, overall volume growth was a bit slower than usual due to the timing factors that we discussed previously, and we are already seeing a pickup here in the second quarter. Operating margins remained strong in Q1 for LGM, once again demonstrating the resilience of this business, given the inflationary pressures that we've been facing. To ensure continued high returns for LGM and further improve our competitiveness, we recently approved a large multi-year restructuring plan tied to the consolidation of our footprint in Europe. Leveraging the added capacity and capabilities from both our Luxembourg expansion as well as the acquired Mactac plant, this restructuring will further enhance our competitive position in the region. The plan includes a series of actions including the shut down or movement of several coating assets, as well as the closure of a plant in Schwelm, Germany. When complete, the project is expected to yield $25 million of annualized savings beginning in 2020. Retail Branding and Information Solutions delivered another strong quarter, with solid top line growth and significant margin expansion driven by the execution of our transformation strategy and continued strength in RFID. RFID grew more than 20% in the quarter as the markets for these products continued to build momentum. We're seeing increased engagement among apparel retailers and brands across all stages of the pipeline as well as promising early stage developments in other end markets. We continue to increase our pace of investment in both business development and capacity expansion to further strengthen our position here. Excluding RFID, sales for the base apparel business were up modestly, reflecting demand in underlying apparel markets and the timing of holidays. The relatively low growth of apparel markets in the developed regions over the past few years reinforces our laser focus on productivity improvement in RBIS, while we continue to target share gains through product innovation and superior service and quality. Overall, we're pleased with the progress we've made in the business since the start of the transformation and expect to deliver another year of solid growth and margin expansion. In the Industrial and Healthcare Materials segment, we met our expectations for the quarter in terms of both the top and bottom lines, and the team is making good progress integrating last year's acquisitions. Operating margin declined significantly due to the impact of acquisitions and investment spending. Now while this is in line with our expectations for the quarter, we're obviously not where we want to be on this front. We're however ramping up our productivity initiatives and expect to see meaningful sequential margin improvement here in the second quarter. We remain confident that we will achieve our growth and margin targets for this business over the longer term. All-in-all, another good quarter. Our strategic playbook continues to work for us as we focus on our four overarching priorities: driving outsized growth in high-value product categories; growing profitably in our base businesses; relentlessly pursuing productivity improvement; and remaining disciplined in our approach to capital management. By consistently executing this playbook, we are positioning the company for superior value creation over the long-term, including our plan to deliver our seventh consecutive year of strong top line growth and double-digit adjusted EPS growth here in 2018. Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Mitchell R. Butier: And Scott, I'd just add that we're always looking for sources of restructuring and productivity to continue to drive competitiveness in margin expansion. So, I think as Greg laid out, larger charge right now and cash outlay related to this specific program, but as far as if you look over the five-year horizon, our overall capital allocation strategy, this fits right in within the overall long-term strategy and we consistently look for opportunities to drive productivity.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So, as I mentioned, Graphics and Reflective were roughly low single-digit growth in the first quarter. We did see a little bit of a pick up here as we've entered the second quarter and as we said, most of that we think is somewhat timing related, as it is for much of the LGM segment in the quarter, and we would expect little bit better growth rate as we go into the second quarter as we had some of these comp issues last year that we've talked about that were an impact against us in Q1, we expect it to be a little bit of a tailwind in the second quarter from a growth rate perspective.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So inflation in the first quarter came in largely as we had expected it to from a sequential perspective from Q4 to Q1, driven by some of the things you mentioned around petrochemical related increases, particularly in North America and some paper-related increases in other parts of the world, Europe and Asia as well. And we expect to see some modest sequential inflation going into the second quarter also. As we talked about last time, we implemented some pricing actions across the globe in early Q1, we announced most of those in late Q4, so they've gone into effect largely in the first quarter and we'll see some sequential benefit from pricing into Q2 as a result of those as well. So overall, we continue to expect to be able to largely mitigate the sequential inflation we'll see through both the pricing actions as well as through continued product reengineering efforts as we've done in the past.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. So we're closing a plant in Schwelm, Germany, and we are shutting down several coaters and we'll be moving one key asset from Schwelm, Germany to one of our other facilities in Belgium. So that's the plan we will be unfolding here over the next 18 months. And really the focus here is around getting the business continuing to focus on remaining competitive so we can grow profitably both within the base business as well as the high value categories. And this fits in with our long-term strategy for continuing to drive profitable growth across the product portfolio.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So as we've said, the investments that we've been making are just consistent with the overall growth strategy that we have and what we're seeing within the industry. Now obviously, the investments as we make them, these are assets that last for a long time. So specifically within this type of asset that we've installed with Lux 3, we see we have enough capacity for growth for the next eight years or so within the emulsion, adhesive laminating that we have. So that's our expectations overall. And as we've talked about in the past, these assets can be ramped up slowly bringing on one shift and two as we rebalance capacity across various assets.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. We've been talking about this for a couple of quarters now about the need to ramp up our productivity initiatives within this business, and we weren't where we wanted to be. And so, actually, this is not flip-the-switch to your point. This has been underway for the last few quarters, and we said by middle of this year that we would start seeing traction. And Q1 is where we're seeing the pivot point and from here on out we expect to see the margin expansion start to come through.
Mitchell R. Butier: And so, Anthony, just to further elaborate on what Greg said. I think this program looks a little bit more expensive than a number of the other programs relative to savings, and we've consistently said, restructuring programs in Europe tend to be more expensive. So this is consistent with what we've seen in the past and our expectation. And the returns on this initiative, specifically are a multiple of our cost of capital and above the overall returns on capital. I think you're talking about – that we've talked about achieving around top quartile returns within the business. So it's consistent with our capital allocation strategy, as Greg laid out. It's consistent as far as costs relative to the benefit that is typical for what we see in Europe, and it's consistent with the returns profile for what we're targeting for the long-term within the business.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So, first of all, on the cost of restructuring, so the net impact of the head count reduction is roughly 150 head count reduction. The gross impact is higher, closer to the 400 head count reduction range as we're closing a facility and moving many of those assets into other facilities. So the gross reduction that leads to a higher severance cost is a bigger number than what the net head count reduction would be. In terms of capacity, as we're moving a few assets from one site to other sites in that closure, we don't have a significant change in capacity and in this case we're utilizing capacity from the Luxembourg investment that we've talked about in the past as well as some capacity from the Mactac investment that we have made a little over year ago.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, the answer is both, Jeff. We see broad applications for RFID in general, and we're seeing a ramp up now. The biggest initial adopter is within apparel retail, which is – the RFID is used both from their supply chain because they're tagged at source all the way through to retail or omni-channel through e-commerce. So the apparel channel uses it through their warehousing, their entire supply chain, including the retail floor. And we're also seeing applications for warehouse management and so forth. As I said, we're seeing a buildup of momentum within RFID. I was at the RFID LIVE trade show just a few weeks ago. I will say the pace of excitement continues to build, and it's becoming much more broad-based and our pipeline is up quite significantly from last year about 65% increase in the pipeline, and half of that now is coming from non-apparel category. So significant ramp up in the amount of energy and excitement around this, and people seeing the benefits that it will bring. We've got the team that's the market leadership of how to adopt RFID, and we clearly bring unique capabilities as far as unique inlays that we can design around antenna design and so forth. So we're well positioned here. We're investing significantly to be able to capture this market share and drive adoption across a broad set of categories.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So I think as we talked about in LGM in particular, it's typically timing related. So as we mentioned, we had some pre-buys in the fourth quarter related to some pricing actions earlier this year. Last year in the first quarter we had some pre-buys related to the price increases that have been announced for the second quarter a year ago. And we had the timing impact of the Easter holiday which fell partially in Q1 this year and was in Q2 in prior year. If we net all those things together, for LGM it's about 1 point to the overall organic growth rates. So that puts us kind of squarely on our expectations if you adjust for that. I think with the other businesses, at IHM we had solid growth in our industrial categories, around 5%, and we had solid growth in our Vancive Medical business. And we still had some impact from the program loss we had talked about over the last number of quarters. If you adjust for that, organic growth in IHM would have been closer to 4% and more or less in line with our expectations as well. So no other really changes in expectations on volume outside of the timing impacts that we have discussed.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So, Rosemarie, if you look over the past couple years, I'd say the volume trends are very consistent with what we've been seeing. Specifically quarter-to-quarter, it's become a little bit more choppy, because when you're going through an inflationary period for one, you'll see pre-buy activity occur. And so last year, we talked about Q2 was below the normal because of both price increase levels as well as holidays. And then, Q3 and Q4 benefited from that and we knew that some volume is being pulled out of Q1 into Q4 and then, you also have the impact of holidays such as Easter, depressing Q1, which is why we're highlighting that. We expect Q2 to be above the usual level of growth. So, if you look over a number of quarters on just an averaging basis, the volume trends are very consistent. And I think broad-based, we're seeing actually in the market as well as our performance continued solid growth pretty much across the board. On the positive side, the exception to that would be India, which is coming out of the whole – Indian market coming out of the low point of growth last year because of the adoption of the Goods and Service Tax, and then the low point exception will probably be South Korea given the macro challenges that South Korea is going through. But overall, broad-based growth, pretty consistent our growth trends quarter-to-quarter just due to holiday timing and the effects of pre-buys which you will expect to see during an inflationary environment.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. So, so far, our expectations on the tariff are pretty relatively at this point insignificant impact is our expectation right now. If over time that has an impact on volumes in retail or something that may be a different type of impact for us, but right now our expectation particularly to the tariffs is a relatively insignificant or immaterial impact at this point.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yeah. So, Chris, it was pretty broad-based people, various companies putting through price increase. I'm not sure I'd say lead and follow. We put through a price increase that we needed and that was necessary to offset the inflationary pressures we were seeing. Now, when you go through this period of change, there's often a little bit of a share that might move a little bit within that period for a quarter or two. And so, you see account by account and that was pretty much what we've seen again, but on a macro I think our share position has been relatively stable. We don't have share data yet for Q1, but we expect it will be relatively stable through this period.
Mitchell R. Butier: And, Chris, just to build on it. If you were to take a longer view, I think couple things to add. We had commented that China was in the consistently high single-digit for a number of years, and that's a moderated mid-single to upper single-digits. And South Asia has basically taken that place and ramped up the growth. And so, that shift within the emerging markets has been China continues to show strong growth, but slowed down a little bit, more consistent with GDP there. And South Asia continuing to grow well, ahead of GDP overall. And I think, your question about, is it the law of large numbers within China, I think that's absolutely part of it.
Mitchell R. Butier: We still see plenty of upside around the adoption of penetration of label materials, as well as the e-commerce trends.
Mitchell R. Butier: I think, the other thing on IHM that gives us some confidence Q1 to Q2 is as you know we've made the acquisition last year of Yongle Tape, which is largely a Chinese based business. And Q1 is its softest quarter, as well as the impact of Chinese New Year in the first quarter. So we would expect to see a lift there from Q1 to Q2 and that's a sizable portion of the IHM segment at this point in time as well, so it's another factor driving the Q1 to Q2 benefit that we expect.
Mitchell R. Butier: Okay, well great. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call and your interest in the company. We're off to a great start to what we believe will be another great year here within the company continuing to drive profitable growth across the entire portfolio focused on having GDP plus growth over the long run and top quartile returns. And just want to thank the entire team within Avery Dennison, truly tremendous capabilities and efforts across the entire team, and it's the strength of the team that gives me confidence that we're going to continue to drive forward. Thank you everyone.
Gregory S. Lovins: Sure. I think as we indicated here, we have about $70 million of costs related to this restructuring charge with about $7 million of that related to asset impairments and the other related to cash severance costs. In addition to that, as we said we have a little bit of cost that in our adjusted EPS is transition cost this year as well as a little bit of capital spending associated with that project as well.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yeah. So as you know, we've continued kind of a multi-year restructuring effort within RBIS and we continue to see some carryover benefits from things that we executed last year and have continued to execute as we've entered the first quarter. So largely the restructuring savings that we expect to get in 2018 are largely RBIS-related, offset by transition costs that we have in the LGM business in 2018.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yeah. Some of the actions, as we said, we expect roughly $35 million or so of incremental restructuring savings this year, offset by some of the transition costs that we've talked about. Most of that savings is related to actions that we've taken in RBS (sic) [RBIS] and either executed last year or in the process of executing right now as well.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yeah. I think that's characterized fairly well, Adam. So we had beaten Q1, was roughly $0.05 or so from our expectations with about half of that from operating performance and about half of that from currency. And we essentially carry that and we have a little bit higher transition costs, as you said. And then we have a benefit of currency based on where rates are today in the outlook.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yeah. So our FX assumption going into the year, the euro was around $1.19. Today, we're roughly $1.23 on the euro rate (25:18) change in assumption.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yeah. So I don't think we saw a significant difference. I think our growth in North America and Europe, particularly in LGM, was in the kind of low to mid-single digit range, relatively consistent with what we'd seen over the last few quarters. And our growth in the emerging regions overall was in the mid-single digit range. So we continue to see good growth in India and South Asia, continue to see mid-single digit growth in China as we mentioned before as well. So, overall, I think the growth in the quarter was pretty solid broad-based across the globe from a market perspective as well as from our organic growth rates across the regions.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yes. Maybe I'll first step back in terms of overall capital allocation. So we've talked a little bit about CapEx and restructuring, and I'll touch on the other components as well. Overall, our capital allocation strategy remains the same. We're looking at investing 30% to 35% of our available capital in organic capital investments and restructuring. And we will continue to be within that target that we've communicated over the last year or so. And then we're looking to continue to return about 20% of our available cash through dividends to shareholders. And then we have about 45% to 50% of our available cash for M&A and share buyback. And we expect with these changes to be able to continue to deliver within what we've committed to over the last year or so. And these capital – or these capital spending and restructuring numbers are pretty much in line with those expectations as we had had and what we've communicated over the last year in regards between now and 2021. So we expect to still be within the targets that we've communicated there. And from a return perspective, we expect to still be able to continue delivering at that 17% or above level as well.
Gregory S. Lovins: Sure. So as far as IHM, we expect a meaningful increase from Q1 to Q2. What does that mean? I'd roughly say 1.5 points is what you should be thinking about going into Q2. On the M&A front, we continue to have a rich pipeline of companies that we're engaging with. These tend to be engagements that can last long period of time and then suddenly ramp up and move from a slow courtship to a quick deal. So it's hard to predict the exact timing of when things may come through, but we're having lots of good active discussions broad-based but particularly within IHM. But nothing to say that I'd say overall if you look over the coming years that the pace would be meaningfully different than what we've seen over the past few years.
Gregory S. Lovins: Yes. I think, over time, we've seen emerging markets at this pace mid-single to high-single digits over the last number of quarters through more or less in total roughly where we've been over the last four to six quarters. I think in China, it's been a little bit spiky given some of the price increase pre-buy impacts that we've talked about. So we grew mid-single digits this quarter. On the back of last year, we had a strong Q1 driven by price increase pre-buys that happened in April of last year. So I think the growth rate that we had in China this quarter was pretty solid in respect to the timing issues that we also faced there. So no real changes to the overall underlying demand that we've seen in the emerging regions, a little bit spikier as Mitch said a few minutes ago, but otherwise still feel pretty good about the growth prospects and what we've been delivering in the emerging regions.
Gregory S. Lovins: Thanks, George. So just look on the pipeline comments we're having, the comments were specifically around number of engagements. But it's basically number of customers as well. There's only a handful of customers where there's more than one engagement going on. So it's largely one and the same when you read the trends that I commented on earlier around the 65% increase in the overall pipeline being spread between apparel and non-apparel. As far as our RFID growth expectations for the year, yeah, we said we expect this business to grow 15% to 20% over the long run and we commented that last year it was $250 million of revenue, we expect $300 million this year. So that's a 20% growth rate. So we'd expect the trend you saw in Q1 to continue through the rest of the year, maybe not quarter-by-quarter, but overall. And then last around IHM, this has – the reason we call out the amount of productivity that we're focused on here is I'd say that the ability to achieve the margin trends, clearly volume growth is key, but most of it's really around just internal productivity drive and not around macro trends outside. So our focus is really – the ability to achieve that's going to be more around our internal ability to execute more than anything else. Obviously that's barring any major slowdown in automotive or something else. So we're just assuming a consistent run of those industrial categories.
