Deon Stander: Thanks, Ghansham. Yes, we did see slightly stronger volumes in Q4 in Europe and we continue to see that trend in early January as well. And I think as you recall last time, Ghansham, we said that we thought that destocking had largely ended at the end of Q3. And the growth in Q4, which we'd anticipated has started to come through. I will also make the point, though that European retail volumes are still muted. In fact, they are the decline in the third quarter. And I think it just underlines the broader macro uncertainty out there. But despite that, as we see the inventory destocking ending both in Europe and North America, we anticipate the recovery of that volume specifically in the normalization of our labels business. Turning to intelligent labels. We saw the growth really in the business in the second half of the year for intelligent labels largely impacted by apparel and the destocking in apparel as well as some muted sentiment around apparel for the whole year. And then you clearly saw the growth we saw in our non-apparel categories, up 75% for the year and accelerating as we went through the back end of the year, particularly over 100% in the fourth quarter, largely on logistics and food. As we look into 2024, we're still targeting that 20% plus growth rate as we move through this year. And I think three things are going to have to happen in that regard, Ghansham. So one is we're going to continue to see those new programs that we launched during last year, both in apparel, food, logistics and other categories, annualize as we go through this year. Those are in-flight and will happen. There is a degree of seasonality that will come, particularly in logistics, which tends to have a higher fourth quarter than first quarter. And then we'll also continue to see, as Greg indicated, the normalization of our apparel volume during the second half of the year, that will also start to reignite some of the growth we've seen typically in apparel. And then, the final piece is there will be new programs that we will continue to launch across all segments, not just apparel, both in logistics, food and apparel. And I'll give an example of just 1 of those, Ghansham, just to help qualify it, we're right now involved in food with a bakery trial with a very large U.S. retailer, grocery retailer and we've been able to clearly demonstrate that not only can you have an impact on food waste reduction for perishable items, but also significant labor efficiency improvement. And we're anticipating that those results will start to lead to broader adoption as we go through the 2024.
Deon Stander: And Bryan, I'll just want to add that our approach has always been that as we see ourselves as the industry stewards to make sure we maintain the health of the industry as well as part of our role. But as we've lent into productivity, we tend to maintain and hold into our productivity benefits as we move sequentially through the years, given the investments in our core capability in our scale and innovation capability.
Deon Stander: That's not what we're hearing at the moment, Mike. What we are hearing is that retailers and brands initially, largely in Europe are rethinking about how they're trying to get their goods to their home markets quicker, because they're having to route to round the cape of good hope and what we've seen is some degree of pull forward of orders maybe the first quarter, but we're anticipating that normalizing in the second half of the first quarter, so being on aggregate, the same. I think there's also a slightly broader challenge when it comes to the Panama Canal given the water level over there. But equally there, we're seeing retailers and brands taking appropriate action to ensure that they have continuity of supply. And we don't anticipate additional volume balance as a consequence of that.
Deon Stander: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll address the first two, and I'll let Greg deal with the third one then. On your first question as it relates to logistics being up 110%, that or there and thereabouts that relates to effective the program that we said we've been rolling out during 2023. Recall, I said the largest single single-wave program in the industry's history. And that ramp through the year, I think we talked about this each quarter as well, Jeff, culminating in the fourth quarter as that particular customer was getting ready for their busiest holiday period as well. Now as we look forward into 2024, two things are going to be a player of this. So one is, as we've seen and we've consistently said, when we have a new segment leader start to adopt the technology and realize the benefits in this instance of shipping accuracy, it tends to be something that then drives greater adoption across that particular segment. This is what we saw in apparel, and we're going to see this again in logistics. And so we're underway in discussion already with other logistics providers around the world to understand how best we can enable and support them in their supply chain efficiency aims as well. Some of those will come to bear, either in pilot trial as we go through 2024 and then onwards from 2025 as well. I think the second thing you're going to see and specifically logistics is that because you have this peak typically in the second half of the year. The first half and largely the first quarter tends to be lower just from a volume perspective for logistics overall. And that's what we're anticipating as well in our overall first quarter. We will see some continued apparel growth slightly. And then we'll see other segments that will also contribute in terms of some of the new programs we've launched as well for the first quarter. The first half of the year will certainly be up relative to the first half of last year simply because of the annualization of some of those large programs, Jeff.
Deon Stander: So Josh, let me just start at the high level. We're anticipating that we'll see apparel normalization in the second half of the year, largely because we're seeing full uncertainty at retail and brand level, and they're factoring that into their sourcing near-term requirements as well. And compounded by, I think, some more of the geopolitical escalation that we've seen more recently. I think at the retail confidence level, we continue to see retail volumes be down both in Europe and North America at an absolute retail volume level in late 2023 and they're roughly forecast to be flat or similar in 2024. Final point I'd make is if you look at I think on Slide 6, we highlighted that we've had more than four quarters of continued significant import declines relative to normalized patterns in 2019. And at some point, that does turn and we're starting to see that now in North America for part of Q4, and I don't doubt that we'll also see that when the information comes through from Europe as well. That trend is part of our confidence around why we buy around mid-2024, we anticipate volumes for apparel normalizing at that point.
Deon Stander: So Matt, I think we were clear the last time that we have confidence in the $10 run rate being achieved at some point in 2024, and that still remains the confidence, in fact, it's included in our guidance. I think the only variable that we continue to see is related to the uncertainty and the impact on timing. And so at this point where we will see a likely $10 run rate in the second half of the year. As it relates to your 20% IL growth that basically is going to account for we think about sort of 2 points of the company growth as we look for 2024. And it's based on making sure that we continue to accelerate our existing programs, roll out the new programs that we have and apparel volume rebounding as well.
Deon Stander: And Chris, let me just add from a competitive dynamic perspective, we know that we've not only maintained but slightly grown share in 2023 in our label business, both in North America and Europe and we've grown share in our Asia Pacific business as well as we continue to really focus down on service excellence and delivering for our customers. Our apparel share as well, if you're switching segments is also we've held share in apparel and in fact, are gaining in some of our new high-growth segments such as external and [indiscernible] as well. And overall, our IL share has grown as a consequence of some of the large volume programs we've rolled out as well.
Deon Stander: So John, I think there are two elements to this. One is we continue to, as we said, consistently forward invest ensuring that we have industries adopt. And so part of when we had lower volume overall, you tended to see the impact on margins overall. I think the second piece in this is that we will continue to see the return of some of those temporary cost actions that we've taken, as volumes pick up during 2024 as well. But the benefit of the additional volume and the way our teams are operating and the mix that we have from high-value segments and base on our solutions business will see our margins expand during 2024.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George. On your first question related to Vestcom, we continue to be really pleased with the progress that business is making as part of the Avery Dennison family overall. In '23, we grew at the pace and delivered the margins that we expected and, in some instances, slightly ahead. And in '24, we're expecting continued growth and actually a little bit of [Technical Difficulty] as we are in the process of piloting with a very large national retailer in the United States demonstrating the benefit of our productivity benefits that our shelf-edge labeling technology and data composition engine are able to drive that. In terms of IL, overall, you're right on that slide, what we're anticipating is that IL will slowly recover in the first half and then actually accelerate as the apparel industry recovers in the second half. And so we've got two things factored into that, George. One is some of the newer programs that we're seeing in apparel that started in '23 and are rolling out a little bit in '24, more likely in the back half '24. And then second is the recovery in the apparel base volumes, which also has an impact on the base IL volumes from apparel. I'll give you an example of just one of those. We're seeing a couple of pieces, both in apparel where we're extending beyond the base case of just inventory accuracy that historically been there. I talked previously, George, for example, Inditex is continuing to see the benefit of loss prevention from the technology. They will be continuing to roll it up, not just in that one single brand, but in other brands as we move forward. We're also seeing the extension of the technology from inventory accuracy in a large European performance brand and they're looking to leverage that supply chain efficiency, specifically around case verification, that's in flight at the moment. And is the third anecdote as well that Mike shed some light on this. It's not just that the supply chain or case efficiency or an inventory accuracy benefit we're seeing. We're also helping connect consumers and customers in a better way. We have worked with a number of professional sports franchises around the world, as you know, under our Embelex or external embellishment platform. And one of those, for example, the 49ers, we are working with them to embed digital triggers and sensors, whether it's UHF NHF or otherwise in their garments so that they can better engage with their consumers and drive more fan equity and franchise engagement and we recently had an example with them where we did an exercise that allowed consumers to connect on the patch that we provided, be taken to a website where they had personalized measures from Joe Montana as an example, linking together heroes the actual franchise and consumers in a better way. So addressing all of these problems that we think are out there ranging from efficiency through waste in, for example, grocery retail, through circularity and sustainability and then finally on to consumer connection. I think we're having multiple pieces in flight that will enable us to enable us to have great confidence in our ability to grow this particular platform substantially over the years to come.
Deon Stander: Thank you, Frank, and thank you all for joining the call today. While the environment remains dynamic, we are confident in our position and prospects and our ability to deliver GDP plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term. I'm also pleased to announce that we're planning to host an Investor Day on September 18 in New York City to provide a strategy update. I hope to see you all there. Thank you very much, everyone.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, John. As we've talked about, when we set our targets, our long-term targets back in 2021, we're looking to get materials kind of at the level they were in 2020, which is around 17% EBITDA. I think we did a good job in the back half getting above 16% and improving margins despite the destocking with a lot of the productivity actions the team was driving there. So our focus here in '24 is continuing to make progress towards that 17% EBITDA target, not necessarily suggesting we'll get that exactly in 2024, but we'll continue to make progress there and expect to be able to deliver on our long-term target in 2025.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think as we've been talking about over the last few quarters, given just the sheer magnitude of the inflation that we saw in '21 and '22. We've been largely passing through the deflation we've been seeing since, I guess, around the second quarter of 2023 through pricing. So our expectation is right now, we're seeing a little bit of sequential deflation in Q1, not a lot and we'd have a little bit of price down to go with that. But mostly price year-over-year will be carryover of the impacts from the prior year would be our expectation. Now that will depend on what happens with material costs as we move through the rest of the year. But overall, our view is, given the amount of deflation and the amount of pricing we put through in '21 and '22, that we'll be passing most of that back as we see deflation through pricing.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Thanks, George, for the question. So on the latter point, I think it will be a combination. I mean, we had, obviously, improving margins in solutions in the back half. We also have proven margins in materials in the back half of 2023. So based on our run rates in both of those businesses, both of them I would expect to be improving margins in '24 versus where we were last year. At an overall level, I think we put it on the slide with the long-term targets. Our expectation for 2024 be 15% plus margins. So if you do your math there on the EBITDA expectations, would be closer to 16% in 2024. So that's how we thought about the plan and how we're thinking about margins increasing across the two segments as well as total company, of course.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Jeff, on your second question, I think Deon indicated in the prepared remarks, intelligent labels revenue for the year in 2023 was around $850 million. That does include some revenue that's in the materials segment. So if you just look at the solutions segment, it's a bit lower than that because some of that is sold through our converted channel through materials. Now as we talked about as well, last year, we said we had a roughly $800 million business. There is some currency translation there, of course, that impacts that number. But overall, we grew, as we said, kind of low double digits for the year in 2023 and that number is around $850 million across the enterprise.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Josh. I think you can see on that slide, apparel imports in North America were down from 10% to low teens as you look at the different quarters across 23. Europe is a little worse, down in the low 20s. So look on a net basis, it's somewhere in the mid-plus teens from that perspective in 2023. We expect to still see that kind of a trend in the first half and start to improve them in the back half, as Deon talked about.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I would just add to Deon's comments there. I think when we look at 20%, it's probably half or just shy of half of that from the logistics and food growth that we've talked about and then a quarter or so of that from the apparel rebound which again we've baked into the second half. And then the rest of that from general retail and some of the other programs that I think Deon already touched on as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes. I think the comment, Chris, on protecting margins is really about given the volume challenges that we saw with the amount of destock. So it was really about the actions we were taking to help offset the volume impact on the bottom line whether that be through productivity actions, some of the temporary actions the team is taking to offset that, belt tightening, all those type of things, that's really what that's more referring to overall rather than the price inflation dynamics.
