Greg Lovins: Overall in 2017, as we mentioned, I think, last quarter, we had relatively modest inflation, particularly in the back half of the year and in Q4 it came in pretty much in line with what we had expected it to be. We are seeing some sequential further lift in inflation in Q1. I think, overall, our expectation for the full year in 2018 versus 2017 is probably low-single digits in terms of the rate of inflation versus last year.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Scott. So I don’t think we quoted a number last quarter, what we had expected in ‘17. I think as we said was relatively modest net impact last year between price and inflation. As I said, we are seeing some sequential inflation as we enter 2018 and as you know our approach is two-fold to deal with that, one, we look at product reengineering, see if we can take material costs out of our products and we also then look at pricing. So across 20 year, at the very end of 2017 we announced price increases or have implemented them in Q4 or early Q1 in all regions across the LGM business. So we are continuing to deal with that and we feel relatively comfortable with our ability right now to manage the inflationary pressures between those two levers that we have. So we do see some net modest impact probably in the first part of the year, but we expect that to be able to manage that. Now if inflation comes in stronger, continuous sequential increase as we move through the year, I think, as you know, as we have said in the past, it takes us a quarter or maybe two quarters to deal with that as it goes, but right now based on what we are seeing right now with the price increases we have announced in the material cost reengineering we feel relatively comfortable being able to manage through that.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So we do obviously have some materials that move on trucks and rail, and we do see some increases there over the last couple of years, I think, in North America, some of the factors you mentioned and some of our pricing actions do take into account the either increases in those kind of macro issues on the transportation, perspective, as well as fuel, sometimes we deal with that through surcharges as well. But right now we factor that into how we think about pricing actions across each of the regions.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, overall, Jeff, with the tax code, the transition tax to the new tax code, you basically have seven years or eight years to pay that, so we do not expect anything more than a modest cash tax impact certainly in 2018. Overall, I think, as I said, we are looking at roughly mid-20s effective tax rate. We think our cash tax rate will be somewhere in the low 20s on a go forward basis as well.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So on both of those pieces, fair amount of that is related to acquisitions, so we brought on a number of acquisition this year and added of course the working capital related those, as well as currency. So currency has had an impact particularly in Q4 versus prior year, last year was one of the -- Q4 was one of the lower rates in 2016 and one of the higher rates in 2017. So I think those two pieces overall had a big impact on that dollar increase. I think, overall, from a working capital efficiency perspective, we ended the year fairly well within our expectations, maybe actually a little bit better and our operational working capital pretty much in line with where we ended the prior year in 2016 from an operation working capital percent perspective. That’s despite the fact that as we have said before, we have some higher working capital ratios in the emerging regions, where we are growing a little bit more. So overall we feel pretty good about the progress we made from a working capital perspective in the year.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So, I think, Adam, overall, as we said, we also had some pre-buy in the fourth quarter relate to some of the price increases we’d announced for January, but even with that we had grown kind of that low to mid single-digit range in North America in the quarter. That’s relatively consistent I think what we saw in the third quarter as well. So, overall, we have just seen a relatively good market situation there in the U.S. over the last few quarters, but no major changes that I’ve seen in the fourth quarter from a macro perspective.
Greg Lovins: Yes. It was growing less and part of that the market was growing a little bit slower than Europe, it was something that commented on the past. If you recall, Adam, we also had some share challenges couple years ago and we basically made some adjustments and have regain that share late last year early this year and share has been stable since.
Greg Lovins: Yeah. So our capital allocation approach hasn’t really changed from what was communicated in the past. We typically look to spend about 30% of our available cash reinvesting in the business through CapEx and restructuring, about 20% through dividends and then the other half we have available essentially for both M&A and buyback. So that’s a way we look at it and that’s how we have communicated in the past, we are remaining relatively consistent with that.
Mitch Butier: I mean our guidance of 4% basically just reflects exactly what you said, the organic growth we have had the last number of years and there have been puts and takes over those years as well. So we thought that was the right number to go with from a guidance perspective. As you look into ‘18, clearly with price increase coming through, if the macro were to improve than that would be tailwinds to that number, I think, there is question about how many macro tailwinds are really are and how long they will last, but then second you have got to think about headwinds that we have as well. Greg talked about the World Cup growth that we had in 2017 in RBIS that won’t continue, as well as the pre-buy from the price increases that we announced that we receive the benefit from in Q4 as well, so few things going both ways.
Mitch Butier: Yes. The investment focus overall is what I was commenting was LGM and RBIS, RBIS specifically around RFID and the rest is LGM. And there are – we are looking at some expansions for growth in the Americas particularly in the U.S. and Mexico are some expansion that we are planning right now. We have not invested in the North America region for quite some time, well over a decade and some of the discussion we had around Luxembourg, we are expanding there, we have gone through a period of little investment there as well. We consider the amount of the market and our own growth. It’s time to ramp that up again.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So broadly speaking about the areas outside of apparel, we are seeing a number of small opportunities that are bubbling up, but there is a three end markets specifically that we are focusing on accelerating the development of that, aviation, food and beauty. There has been quite a bit of – we have got a few pilots going on with a couple of end customers in those spaces and we have actually seen relatively small pickup in some of our growth, a lot of that round pilot stage, but we see a tremendous amount of opportunity in the space. And if you think about food, a lot of similarity to apparel in some way, so one is just desire to increase and improve the supply chain and reduce the manual labor involved with managing that supply chain. And then the focus on freshness, in apparel you have season that create a certain level of parishability. Well, fresh foods definitely have an even higher degree of that. And what we see customers trying to do is reduce their cost by reducing waste but also as part of their sustainability drives to reduce the amount of wasted food in the network. So those are three areas where we are seeing progress. As far as your question about Amazon Go, I am not going to comment on any specific company that we work with. But yet that Amazon Go specifically, my understanding does not use RFID. We have been consistent in saying that we actually see the Internet of Things and the connection between the physical and virtual world is going to be huge driver for a number of technologies and with the proliferation of cameras and AI and sensors, we think that all these technologies are going to complement each other. And what RFID really provides is in areas we have a tremendous amount of SKU complexity, parishability and lack of line of sight, RFID really place in that category. So we think there is going to be a complementive technology that support this whole drive towards IoT more broadly. We are also seeing unmanned stores, convenience stores and the like in Asia that are definitely using RFID. So different and companies are attempting different technologies as they look to rollout a more automated customer interface for food and convenience stores.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. We haven’t announced the complete extent of the investments that we are making in Mexico. We did announced that we are putting a small coder in that location to serve the Mexican, as well as the export market in Central America to support the growth that we are seeing in those regions and again in the U.S. is the support -- the growth in U.S. and Canada, we have been seeing a good amount growth. We have not articulated the exact amount of dollar investment overall, George.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So when we just look at the plant and supply chain, lot of similarities with LGM, so that’s what give us the confidence from a starting point and we are seeing progress in certain regions from instilling this discipline around lean sigma for example. We have connected the R&D team from this business with the LGM team part of one organization. We are cross pollinating people, pulling people in from LGM, from RBIS, where we also have a strongly lean culture as well and that is what gives us the confidence, both cross-pollination of leadership, as well as taking the process and process technology from elsewhere in the business and instilling it within IHM. That coupled with, we are getting early traction in some regions, but not the amount of traction that we wanted to be at this stage.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. We said – yeah, so we said that we would expect to be seeing traction on the middle of the year. I think from the context perspective, when you look at the margins where they are, big portion of that is M&A, as well as growth investments, it’s about a point, so $1 million worth is the upper in the quarter is the operational challenge I am referring to, so I think we will be on a good trajectory by the middle of this year.
Mitch Butier: Yes. What we are seeing with both working through our pipeline, we continue to see attractive opportunities that we are evaluating, as well as just looking our own business, I mean, the industrial tapes business, which is one of the key areas of focus was up almost 10%, the Vancive medical business where we made a small acquisitions this past year also up double digits the second half of this year, so both in the performance of our business, as well as what we are seeing out there in the pipeline give us that confidence that this is right place to keep going.
Mitch Butier: Yeah. So, Chris, traditionally it’s taken us a few months, as you say, to pass along price increases once we see the inflationary trends. So that that definitely has been the trend about four months. We think it’s probably less than that, less of an impact usual specifically on Q1. And then as far as the level of price increases, you sound like you have seen some of our letters. We have – we are not going to comment on where our competition specifically came out and it’s different by geography, and perhaps, customer set, so I don’t want to comment on what their actions are overall. But we are putting in through price increases that are necessary for us to offset the inflation after consideration of our material reengineering efforts which reduce the raw material cost of our products. And given our strength of our R&D group and capabilities around innovation here, we would expect our ability to continue to be have a greater offset, if you will then perhaps others may.
Mitch Butier: Aviation, yeah, absolutely, so aviation is unique, but follows some of the same principles around high degree of SKU complexity and perishability, you have got to get the bag to the customer pretty quickly once they disembark from the plane. And as far as, if you look at beauty, a lot of parallels to apparel and if you think about beauty, a lot of it’s sold within the department stores, the same place where apparel is so forth and so the value proposition is very similar. And with food it’s equal, but probably weighted heavier toward reducing waste overall and ensuring freshness. And we have all seen some large brands that have been impaired from having safety concerns around fresh foods and so forth. So ensuring safety and quality, as well as reducing waste, both for cost reasons, as well as for sustainability drives.
Mitch Butier: Thank you, George. That’s a three-point question. So RFID, your question about what’s driving the adoption, it’s basically continued trends from what we have seen in the past and there is a few big retailers or brands that have moved one or two a year and then a number of smaller ones as well. So we are seeing major retail moving into full adoption, number of others moving in the pilot and then in addition to that many specialty retailers and brands various state of pipeline. So each stage of the pipeline, whether it’s from assessment in business case through piloting, partial rollout or full rollout, each day the pipeline has increased from where we were a year ago. And that – add to that the level of activity we are seeing which is very early in that pipeline for the areas outside of apparel. From a tax standpoint, just high level, how does it change our thinking being an EVA company, I think the biggest thing about M&A is it makes us more competitive against international companies, who don’t -- because it’s moved to the territorial tax system that’s no longer a drag as we go through our evaluation of M&A targets, also we look at financial buyers there’s some changes in there that basically make U.S. headquartered multinationals, I’d say more competitive on the standpoint. So we are an EVA company, all that goes into our assessment of how we think about this and that will be the key drive for us continuing going forward. As far as IHM, the amount of cross-pollination that occurred before, we call this is a collection of businesses in the number of different areas and we just did not make the link in the past and we see a significant opportunity for doing so, so we are doing it. I think the key message to take from this is, we have had phenomenal performance over the years and we keep finding opportunities whether it’s around commercial growth, around M&A, around productivity to continue to improve ourselves and this is just the next step in doing so, so that’s should be the takeaway there.
Mitch Butier: All right. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call and for your interest in the company. The fourth quarter capped another great year here at Avery Dennison and we are well-positioned going into 2018 to continue the momentum you have seen over the last two years. I really just would like to take the opportunity to thank the entire team for their commitment and focus on continuing to deliver for our investors, our customers and our communities. So thank you everyone.
