George Staphos: Thank you. Hi everyone. Good day. You, Cindy, congratulations, it’s a – the end of an era, and John, congratulations to you as well.
George Staphos: Yes, it’s been fun. So I guess the first question I had, I want to go back to Slide 8, where you’re showing the 2019 sales by product category. And you show that 15% of revenue for last year was roughly driven by logistics shifting and other variable information. Given what we’ve seen this year and obviously the pickup in e-commerce, is there a way to update us on how much that portion of the pie represents now for 2020? And if there’s any incremental you can give us in terms of how you think e-commerce is both benefiting RFID and variable information for that matter.
George Staphos: Okay. And then my other question, I’ll turn it over. Question number two is, you’ve obviously done a so far very, very good job on the temporary cost saves. Certainly, you’ve had really strong margins. So how should we expect that temporary cost save and that spending to be metered back into the business as volumes pickup, do we have to worry about a quarter sometime in 2021, where you’re looking at a particularly negative earnings comparison, because you’ve got the cost savings coming in? Maybe more – the spending coming in more quickly than the volume ramps up, how would you have us think about that reintroduction of spending into the mix 2021 and ultimately I guess 2022 as well. Thank you.
George Staphos: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the follow-on questions. So you already told us that next year you would hope to keep EBITDA margins relatively constant with 2020. And correct me if I misphrased anything there. Is there a way to give us a bit more color, give an inch take a mile on what you expect for RBIS? You said, half of the savings will be from restruction will be going into RBIS. I guess, sort of the question behind the question is you’re putting up margin RBIS that years back would have been great in a normal volume environment, which we’ve not been in. So do you expect RBS’s flat or do you think RBS margins actually have the ability to be up year on year, how would you guide us if you could as we think out to 2021? And then the other question I had regarding RBIS, and I’ll turn it over. You mentioned that retailers and brand owners are trying to position ahead of the holiday season. The seasons may begin a little bit earlier than expected, could go on longer, recognizing there going to be a bit of variability into 2021. That level of activity by your customers right now, is that really going to drive your volume for the fourth quarter in RBIS? A lot of those shipments would have already occurred. And is it really more we should be looking at it as a bellwether for what your orders will be late 4Q, 1Q looking out to the spring season. Thanks guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, George, I think you’re asking about just what’s the new mix of revenue from Slide 8 for 2020. I mean, 2020 is actually not going to be a great baseline just given what happened within Q2 overall, but clearly, you would expect with the significant growth in RFID as we build out the intelligent label platform, both organically and with the Smartrac acquisition, as well as a big piece of that being towards logistics, as well as other entity of those pieces of the various pies across these slides increase. So we will update all this at year end, but I will say that even 2020 won’t be a great baseline. So we’ll give you probably a bit of a more rounded out view going forward, how we expect the people similar to how we have in the past.
Mitch Butier: We are growing faster than average than volumes and the variable information categories within LGM and clearly within RBIS. It’s a big driver now. Within RBIS, it’s mostly apparel still, so that is the largest category, but as far as the pipeline, pipeline is still growing quite significantly in other areas such as food and logistics, as I mentioned.
Mitch Butier: Sure. So as we said earlier, we’re looking at 4Q being at or better than the pace of sales growth or decline in the third quarter. And we’re only a few weeks here in October. I think the last couple of quarters earnings call has been a little bit later. So we had a little bit broader view, but after only a few weeks, we have seen an improving trend so far in the month. So we’ve seen slight improvements, particularly in developed regions within LGM and pretty favorable so far in RBIS as well, early on here in October. And what we think we’ve seen in the back part of Q3, as well as the early part of Q4 here for RBIS is really as brands and retailers have been gearing up for somewhat earlier and potentially longer holiday season. So we started to see that ramp up a little bit earlier in September. We’ve seen a little bit of that at the beginning of October here as well. And I think what we see as we’re going forward is not really sure how that play out is we enter the back half of the quarter. So when we look at RBIS, how retail sales flow through, I think, it will help shape how that picks up later this year. At the same time, as we talked about last year, when the pandemic hits is when the spring season was starting to get in underway and much of retail shut down. So it’s uncertain yet exactly how that will play outs and how those orders will play out for the spring season, as it comes in later this year and at the beginning of the next year. So we started out stronger in RBIS, but we see a little more uncertainty, especially as we go to the back part of this quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So like you said, that is a big draw. And if we see the – that’ll be partially dependent on how volume goes, right? So with volumes being still uncertain, we’ll layer that back in, as we mentioned a minute ago, as volumes come back, we would start to see those costs come back. At the same time, one of the bigger offsets is the incremental restructuring we’ve talked about as well, which we expect to be about $70 million next year. And that’s why in my comment, when we look this year to next year with a little bit of modest volume growth, we’d expect to be able to maintain the strong margins that we’re seeing this year. Now part of the other way, we’re thinking about it as also comp into 2019, so kind of the pre-pandemic target. So looking at where we were in 2019 to 2021 or beyond when markets recover, we’ll have a significant benefit from the couple of years’ worth of restructuring savings that we’ve been doing in the structural cost reductions over that multi-year period. Now that would be offset over a couple years of wage inflation and obviously, investments in the business and things like that, but when we look 2019 to 2021, that’s why we expect to continue to see margin expansion over that multi-year period.
Mitch Butier: If overall, we continue to see momentum build within RFID and related solutions as part of our Intelligent Label platform. And it’s – apparel continues we see it in the numbers, the results, but even from our pipeline apparel, we’re actually saw pretty big tick up in early stage pipeline development as well. So in addition to companies moving through the pipeline, there’s a lot more jumping into the mouth of the funnel, if you will, as the just case for RFID is getting stronger and stronger because of COVID as you mentioned. But just everything else that’s related to driving more and more omni-channel and just the increased efficiency, automation, lower labor content to that retailers and e-commerce players are looking for. So seeing that within apparel, seeing that within food, same use cases, as I mentioned before, that’s more business case and pilot activity, what we’re seeing largely in food. And then within logistics, we have a few early stage deployment as well as quite a bit of pipeline activity. And again, quite a bit more even early stage engagements. So COVDI definitely reinforces the strength of RFID and you really just need to think through why, it’s really around more automation, more contact less, not camp contact free, the contact less activity, whether that be at retail, whether that be in the restaurants, whether it be just in accelerating, it make more efficient logistics and supply chain. So we are seeing continued reinforcement across the board. Apparel, as we’ve said, will continue to be the main driver of growth over the coming couple of years. Our focus over the last couple of years has been to continue to drive penetration within apparel while seeding opportunities in other end markets as we’ve called out. And that activity is progressing well.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So specifically with – I will talk about the components LGM, that tends to view relatively sticky bit stable businesses across the cycles. And so it’s not as sensitive to some of the big shifts that you see even COVID one and two. You’d expect it to actually to be growing faster than overall consumption because of what’s going on migration to more packaged goods, as well as e-commerce trends that we’ve been talking about in the past. And if you look at what’s going on with the overall just general GDP growth trends, personal consumption and non-durable consumer goods, our revenue trends across the pandemic. That’s why I stepped back and commented on the March to September timeframe have been better than some of those macro categories as you would expect. Within the act, if you look month-to-month, we clearly experienced something different than we’ve seen in past recessions because of the health crisis where we saw inventory building earlier, and then destocking later. But across it, we would expect our businesses, our markets to grow faster within LGM. And then what you’re saying on end consumption. End consumption still the key to overall, as you look going forward, while your own individual assumptions are around that. We do not expect with the new resurgence of coronavirus cases in the regions, in which we operate for to create the panic buying and the amount of surge activity that we saw early in the stage, I think by and large hours and just in general, supply chains proven resilient to be able to meet customer demands. So we wouldn’t expect the kind of lumpiness going into Q4 or next year. So that’s basically what we attributed to overall within that business. And within RBIS, clearly it came back much quicker than anticipated. And essentially after everything coming to a halt for a couple of months, retail and apparel decided, realized they needed to have goods in time for a holiday. And so there’s been a big shift and ramping up orders dramatically to have goods for holiday. And that’s what we’re seeing and they’re looking to spread it out. And I think some of the uncertainty there is just some of it is having more sales before black – Traditional Black Friday starting it earlier, because it’ll be at a lot of slower burn if you will. And then it’s still got to be seen what happens at the consumer level, but even the post holiday period. Over the last 10 years, it was been a shift to more and more gift cards, which actually has improved January sales as well. And so that could blast it. You could see this going multiple different directions and our view is on for RBIS, holiday is key, how the consumers come out, what that does to retailer sentiment as they go into the following seasons. And then last is what Greg mentioned earlier. There was a lot of product manufactured between December and February that ultimately, the retail stores were closed for in the mature markets in the spring. Some of that was ultimately sold through, spring garments look a lot like summer and it were sold through just a few months later. Others may have been stored in warehouses. We’re hearing stories of that and maybe pull back out. So for us, there’s a number of questions, both about holiday, what would does there. Retailer sentiments were also just the spring season, some questions, but that’s near-term lumpiness. I think overall, if you just look at our categories tied to consumer goods, we expect the markets to continue to be resilient over the long term and our positions very strong to continue to win and capture significant value in them.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think the biggest lesson is just the importance of and strength of our scenario planning. But we’ve talked about this in past earnings calls and so forth. This is something we do. I think it’s often looked at by investors from just a financial scenario planning, but we embed this within our businesses to be prepared for multiple environments and had we – we never predicted a human health crisis, a pandemic globally. And so while the root cause was different, we had to, I’d say, sharpen up different elements of our scenario planning, but we were able to pretty quickly go into deployment mode and the team was already used to being able to do this. And so I think that it just reinforces the value of scenario planning. And we’ve learned that in a big way, coming out of the last recession. And that’s something that I and we have continued to make sure as a key priority, which maybe a lot would – many people would maybe take their foot off the gas a little bit on scenario planning when you have a long steady expansion like we’ve experienced, we did not. And I think it’s proving out right now. And so we go into next year, our focus here is on protecting margins even at low growth environment. And that said, Greg commented earlier, that’s our focus and there’s lots of variables around restructuring costs, temporary cost savings, what’s going to happen with volume, raw material costs, everything else? There’s lots of variables you got to think about just our overall drive here is to continue to ensure we have a business that can sustainably deliver GDP plus growth in top quartiles over the long run. That is our focus and again, our biggest lesson is to keep doing what we’re doing.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think overall as you said, I mean our balance sheet continue to strengthen here through this time period this year. We’ve got ample capacity to continue managing across all the levers of our capital allocation. So continuing to invest organically in the business, we’re continuing to work the M&A pipeline, just as you talked about. We haven’t seen much flow through there yet after the Smartrac acquisition that we just closed in March of this year. But we’re continuing to work that pipeline. I wouldn’t say that we’ve seen big changes in valuations this year, but continuing to work that. And of course, continuing to turn cash to shareholders with the growing dividend and continuing share buybacks. So our focus is on continuing the same capital allocation priorities I think that we’ve had over time. We took a bit of a pause in buybacks for a little while, of course, at the early part of the pandemic here. But we’d expect to return to our overall capital allocation strategies and priorities going forward. And the only thing I’ll add is we did comment in the past – we have an active M&A pipeline, mostly bolt-ons and so forth, but there was a pause in just the amount of activity engagements as every company was working to manage through the depths of the crisis. There is just totally a bit more pick-up in activity overall. So that’s what we’re seeing, but we’re in a good position from balance sheet perspective and we’re finding to leverage it.
Mitch Butier: Sure. Yes, just quick comments. So we have two broad folks, one is just reducing the environmental impact of our actual operations. We’ve had a focus that we embarked on back in 2015 on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, buying more sustainably produced raw materials such as paper and so forth. So we’ve had ongoing activities. We are on track or ahead of schedule on all those greenhouse gas emissions in absolute terms, not relative terms. While we’ve grown, we’ve actually reduced our greenhouse gas by more than 30% already and are ahead track of our targets. So that’s one category. Second is really around how do we create more sustainable products, enabling more circular economy around recyclability and so forth. We launched CleanFlake a number of years ago, specifically with that end, which has helped some more efficient and effective recyclability of plastic containers. We are now looking at how to roll that out and broaden the specific number of the product portfolio all around CleanFlake as this is starting to take more hold within the market. So our focus here is continued to reduce the environmental impact of our operations as well as more sustainable products. We’re seeing a lot more opportunity there and a plan to – or and plan to continue to leverage our innovation strength to go after. So we will early next year layout more of our strategies we’ve had on the sustainability front, we laid out some 2025 goals back in 2015. We’re going to lay out a new set of horizon goals to 2030, early next year and we’ll be talking about more fulsome with all of you.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So I think there’s two factors. One is, as we look over the seven months from March through September, what we commented on, the biggest one is just consumption in Europe is below the U.S. That is one clear thing, can’t really tell the difference between destocking levels and inventory levels relative the two. But the other one is we did comment that we thought we lost some share in Europe in Q2. We’ve been recovering that here in Q3 and we’ll continue over the next couple quarters, but we’ve covered a good portion of that here in Q3 already. So if you look over the March to September timeframe that is part of the impact. But the majority that we believe is tied to just differentials in the end consumption.
Mitch Butier: Yes, we said we expect the vast majority to come back depending on volume environments, but clearly in the current environment, I think has provided new opportunities for new ways of working and so forth. So we would expect some of it to be sticking through the long-term just around how to travel and everything else. And we were fortunate in the amount of technologies that we had already deployed globally, we could quickly go to virtual on everything. So it was a good catalyst for us to kind of go that next step, but that’s clearly not all sustainable to be running the business that way. So some will stick, we haven’t done the full assessment of exactly how much of it will be – we will be doing that actually over the coming few months. But some of it will, but the mass majority will be coming back.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so George, couple of questions there. First one, as far as RBS margin outlook for next year, I don’t think we’re going to comment on that. Our overall point here for laying out the expectations for 2021 is that with a modest amount of growth, modest recovery, we are going to be focused again, just like we’ve talked about for the last two years in a low growth environment to protect margins. And that will be a key focus of ours and that’s across the enterprise. When you start getting into individual components of the portfolio, it depends on what the volume environment is as well. So I think what you can see is RBS despite significant challenge in top line, particularly in Q2 is managing those well. And if I remind you that in Q2, we even – we could have even had better margins there, but we chose not to move on some actions at the time. So we deferred a number of restructuring and cost out actions and everything else in the depths of the crisis into Q3. So some of that was bunched up into Q3 and that’s what you’re saying between the two quarters. But I’m not going to comment on specific components of the portfolio for 2021. At this time, I think a lot of it goes to what your own assumptions would be around how each of the individual markets respond to the environment, what the environment is in general next year. But our focus here is doing back what Greg laid out earlier. As far as the timing of RBS sales and some of the uncertainty, the uncertainty is really late Q4 early Q1 around – just what the impact is going to be around. The fact that retail was largely closed in the spring of 2020 and some garments weren’t sold. So for that reason, one and two retailers and apparel brands will have seen early how holiday is performing and that impacts retailer sentiment and what their open to buy is for the following season. So it’s really, I think watch closely on the consumer behavior and retailer brand communications here mid to late Q4 and that will be a key driver for us.
Mitch Butier: Okay. Well, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call. And once again, thank our team for their endless commitment in ensuring the success of all of our stakeholders. Thank you very much.
Greg Lovins: Yes, thanks, George, this is Greg. So again, as we’ve said that the $150 million of temporary cost savings made up largely of three buckets. So incentive comp being the smallest bucket there, and then addition to volume related savings, as well as some belt tightening. And as we’ve said before, we would expect as volumes come back for the majority of that cost to return. Now, how fast that return, particularly that volume related piece will depend on how fast the volume returns, but even here at the end of the third quarter, of course, we started to see with volumes coming in better than we’d expected a little bit of increase in volume related costs. And when we think of things like overtime or temporary labor and those types of activities, we start to see that coming back with volume. So that’s something we’ll be managing with volume segment-by-segment as it returns. From an overall cost perspective, while we’ll expect to see that headwind from that temporary cost savings, we’ll also continue to see the benefit of the more structural cost reduction actions. The restructuring that we’ve done this year of $60 million to $70 million and then a similar level of incremental restructure in benefit next year as well.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So we still saw a little bit of sequential deflation in the third quarter are really driven by paper and in the back part of the third quarter really started to see some inflation in a couple of areas. One is in chemicals, particularly in North America. When we look at chemicals and films, and also we’re starting to see some pressure in freight, particularly in North America as well. So we see that kind of moderating a little bit of a headwind as we go from Q3 to Q4 from the inflationary perspective. Hard to call what that’s going to look like, I think for 2021, at this point, we’ll be somewhat dependent on the macro and where volumes end up going. But we had some – stills some favorability in Q3. We see that turning into a little bit of unfavorability from overall basket of raw materials and freight in the fourth quarter.
Greg Lovins: Yes. Josh, so there’s some movements between months. I think the other thing is September was actually a tougher comp for us as well as a very strong month for us last quarter. So even being down 5% in the month of September, it’s still from a pace perspective, a bit better than what we fell earlier in the quarter. So I think, as we’ve talked about from the base apparel business, materially gearing up for holiday that started to impact us as we moved through the quarter. And then RFID, as Mitch has talked a fair amount about has been strong pretty much across the quarter. So all that continuing to progress as we move through and into the very early part here of October.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So I think over the course of the year, it’s pretty well balanced between SG&A and cost of sales. Obviously a lot of those volume driven temporary cost reductions we’ve talked about are more in cost of sales, because those are things like overtime, temp costs to some furloughs in the second quarter, et cetera. So that chunk is really more focused on cost of sales. And there’s some movement up and down between quarters, a little bit of incentive comp favorability we talked about in Q2, a little bit of unfavorability then from that perspective in Q3. So I think over time it’s fairly well balanced between the two but moved around a little bit between quarters.
Greg Lovins: Yes. So they were down upper single digits volumes within Q3 for Europe our labels, packaging materials business. They were down almost 10% in July and trended better throughout. And then in October, they’re down low single digits. So an improving trend.
Greg Lovins: Most of it is net incremental, I don’t have a precise number. And you have to also understand because of what’s going on in retail, some categories and just customer categories are down and others up dramatically, particularly value as we had mentioned earlier. So as far as the pipeline, yes, we’re still seeing robust – we’re not going to probably be disclosing the actual number of activities within each of the pipeline overall, but it’s continuing to ramp up at the pace that we’ve talked through.
