Dean Scarborough: Thanks, Eric. During the year-end earnings call, I outlined our priorities for 2011. First, to close the price inflation gap from the second half of 2010. Second, to continue the positive trajectory for RBIS, improving both sales and margins. Third, to invest in the turnaround of Office and Consumer Products by launching a pipeline of new products. I'll discuss the first quarter in terms of these priorities. All of you know that the first quarter is our lowest revenue quarter because of the seasonality of RBIS and Office and Consumer Products.  Given that seasonality, our results were consistent with our plan and we remain on track for 2011. Pressure-sensitive Materials delivered another quarter of solid top line growth with net sales up 10%, with continuing strength in emerging markets as well as in Europe.  More important though, was the sequential improvement in margins for this segment. Our ability to pass through price increases make material substitutions and increased productivity all contributed to this sequential improvement.  Inflation continues to accelerate in this sector as we see increases in paper, film and chemicals. As a result, we are increasing the magnitude and frequency of our price increases and as well as raising our targets for material reengineering and productivity improvement. I'm confident we'll continue to make progress in margin improvement. Retail Branding and Information Solution had another strong quarter. The 9% sales growth was driven by market volume growth as well as customer program wins resulting from our improved service, RFID rollouts and new products. There is some concern among retailers and brand owners about the consumer's reaction to higher apparel prices, as well as the pocketbook squeeze from higher food and fuel prices. So far, apparel sales had held up well and the inventory to sales ratio for soft goods continues to be at historical low. We'll understand the trend better as the quarter unfolds.  Also the solutions that RBIS provides not only enable brands to differentiate themselves, they also improve supply chain performance and help retailers manage their inventories more effectively. Given the current market environment, that's a real plus. So my confidence level in this business and its execution remain high. As expected, Office and Consumer Products had a tough quarter. Sales volumes were down 13% due to customer inventory reduction from prior year forward VIES, plus a softer retail environment that was partially weather-related. Now while Q1 is always soft, this year's first quarter sales represent less than 20% of Office and Consumer Products' full year sales volume. And given the high variable margins in this segment, operating margins were very low in the first quarter.  Our focus has been on launching new products with the goal of $20 million to $30 million in new product sales during 2011. Customer commitments for these new products are on track with our target. A combination of these new products plus the normal seasonal impact of back-to-school will drive improved sales trends and enable us to achieve our full year margin targets for this business. To sum up, despite the dramatic increase in inflation, we are maintaining the full year earnings guidance we provided in early February. We also expect to meet our free cash flow target for the year and we remain committed to returning more cash to shareholders.  And now, Mitch will go through the quarter in more detail.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. We knew when we got the big full guide from some of our customers in the fourth quarter that Q1 would be unusually soft. And if you read some of the announcements from the office superstores, you could see the retail foot traffic was down pretty substantially, especially in January, because of the bad weather. And as you might expect, they weren't really interested in building inventories so pretty much came in right where we thought. And you have to realize given our strong seasonality, especially for back-to-school and the fact that most of the new product programs that customers are excited about really won't hit until the back half of the year. That revenue for us was less than 20% of the full year guidance. So it will be a much different story for the back half -- for the next three quarters, actually. Now it's still going to be lower than it was in the prior year and I think we've been really clear about that.
Dean Scarborough: No. Our share position remains the same as it's been for the last couple of quarters. As you know, it dropped in the third quarter of last year, but it's been essentially pretty flat. I just think it was, again, the main impacts were the inventory buy-ins by customers at the end of the year and a somewhat slower POS than we expected, but that was across the whole industry for the first quarter.
Dean Scarborough: That's correct. We are, though, as we've communicated before, investing in new product development, in advertising and promotional spending. And that, I hate to think about sequentially, but that rate has been going on for a couple of quarters now, so maybe a little more incrementally in the first quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Sure. So North America grew mid-single digits, Europe was in the low-double digits and the emerging markets was in the mid-teen.
Dean Scarborough: Well, George, our goal is not to -- and we had definitely accelerated the pacing and the size of our price increases. What could happen though, is if we get another unexpected round, mid-quarter or something like June because that has happened to us before, where we just simply don't have enough time to recover for the quarter. But from a full year perspective, we're still committed to closing that gap.
Dean Scarborough: Well, Jeffrey, this is always the -- it's a difficult question. And again, I think Mitch stated it well. It's the reason for the range in our guidance because we can't really actively predict when we'll get those next price increase or two. And it takes us a couple of months. The answer is, sure, that's always a risk, if inflation accelerates way beyond what we projected for the quarter and what we have out in our current pricing. And then we have to make it up with the next round of price increases.
Dean Scarborough: Well, we indicated that we'd be in the upper single-digit margins this year. And that's a combination of, certainly, what we had to do to tend the brand. But also, a fairly significant investment in brand building and in new product development. So we expect to see the first net in the back half of this year. And then in 2012, we'd start to see those margins climb again as those products start to get an annualized [indiscernible] than we have more products and categories coming on stream. So I don't think we've given guidance on where we think office products will settle out there. I think it's reasonable to assume it's probably not going to be at the high double-digit margins than it was before.
Dean Scarborough: Well, we're planning more after that. So these current price increases were actually announced, I don't know, 30 or 45 days ago. And so we've received additional inflations since that time, so we're planning more increases later.
Dean Scarborough: I think it's both. Certainly, the RFID implementation is where we captured quite a bit of business there. It's all about in-store solutions and supply chain management. We've also -- we dramatically improved our service as well. And as you can imagine, retailers are ordering in smaller batches and they want faster turnaround. It's a way that they can react to their markets more quickly. And that's really helped us a lot and we just, in fact, did a recent customer survey and we definitely saw -- the customers indicated they saw improvements in our service capability which was great news. On the branding side as well, we watched a number of new initiatives, especially on the exterior branding environment, although that hasn't impacted sales yet, it's something that we've had a lot of interest in. So it's pretty much been across-the-board.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. Pete, specifically, I should have a been more clear. The inventory to sales ratio that I was referring to has to do with footwear and soft goods, which we have talked about in various seminars and of course, investor meetings. And that remains at historical lows. So speaking specifically for RBIS, what we see there is that retailers are still planning. Their season's well but then, they always keep this open to buy. So it's the reorder points that -- they're just being cautious, very similar to -- they have been in the last year or so. They don't want their inventories to get out a whack with sales. Some are raising prices on certain apparel items right now and they're trying to make -- they're trying to test and see what the consumer reaction will be to some of those apparel price increases. I don't think we've had apparel price increases for 20 years in this country, so it is a little bit new territory that they're breaking into. So far, it doesn't seem to have impacted overall volume, but we'll see as the year progresses. On the pressure sensitive side, I've been pleasantly surprised, especially in Europe with overall buy-in demands, and when I read the all the news coming out of Europe, sometimes it surprises me. Some of that of course is related to Eastern Europe which still remains pretty strong, but even Western Europe has been strong. And I think North America's also held up pretty well. So that is something I watch very closely because, typically, the pressure sensitive businesses and the volume in the market tend to be a leading indicator for what what's going on in the economy. So far, no warning lights.
Dean Scarborough: Certainly a discussion on the board room and we're going to use both levers as we go forward. So we bought back 3 million shares at the end of the fourth quarter last year. And so, used quite a bit of capital to buy back shares. And as you know, the board authorized another 5 million shares for -- authorized for purchase as well. So again, we'll use both and I don't think it's a good idea for me to get into specific -- breaking that down.
Dean Scarborough: Sure. George, I'm hopeful that more people get into this business. I don't think it will impact us much this year. We've spent a lot of time over the last few years developing new sources of supply in emerging markets in the film area and in the paper area. And that's actually helped us, especially in times of somewhat tighter supply. But typically, unfortunately, when someone announces they're going to get into the specialty paper business it's capital investment, it takes time and then they've got to figure out how to actually makes the grades that we buy. So I'm not too hopeful for 2011, and maybe in 2012 will -- that will help us. In terms of our capacity expansion, the number one expansion that we're executing right now is in India. In fact, I was there over the last couple of weeks and that projects is right on track to come online in the back half of the year. Still, very solid growth in South Asia. And in other parts of the world, frankly, we're able to -- China, we made a big investment a couple of years ago, so we're still in pretty good shape there. And in Europe, in North America, we're handling the volume increases simply with the ongoing productivity. I would expect though with emerging market growth continuing at the rate that it's growing that, that will be the next area for somewhere in Asia or even South America, we're going to need to make some more investments in capacity going on. I've not heard of major investments in capacity by competitors. There might be some small ones if there are, I'm not just aware of it.
Dean Scarborough: Sure. I mean, that's a normal part of the process. Now normally we don't put in all the finishing capacity at the same time as you do coding because the coder's capacity generally last for two or three years in those markets. So we do split that out a little bit. My guess is -- and we haven't done our planning yet. We normally have our planning meetings in June on capital is that -- we'll likely be doing something in emerging markets in 2012. I just don't know exactly where yet, we're still trying to figure that out.
Dean Scarborough: Thank you. Well, just to sum up, we made progress in the first quarter against our three main priorities. We made progress on inflation, it's accelerating again and we're taking further actions to close the cost in price gap. Retail Branding and Information Solutions continues to build momentum, improving both sales and margin. And Office and Consumer Products is on track for improvement later this year. And as Mitch said, we're maintaining our full year earnings guidance and free cash flow target and remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. The trends have continued or maybe a little choppier for the first few weeks of the second quarter, but Easter is right here, so it's always a little difficult to call that. I think retailers are going to be somewhat cautious about putting products into the pipeline. That being said, our services has never been better, so it appears to me, we're taking some market share, we've got some new products and new programs, especially RFID, it helps us on the upside as well. So I'm feeling reasonably confident about us going to our most important quarter, frankly.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. The way to I think -- just to add to that point is we talked about we're committed to closing the gap. This area is one of the areas with the greatest uncertainties. So it's one of the biggest reasons for the range in our guidance that we provided. Think about this morning, that term's as far as the timing of when we close it. So from where we were a quarter ago, given the ramp up in inflation that we've seen and that it takes us a couple of months to pass along the inflation through pricing and productivity, you'd expect for that for Q2 in particular and things just to be pushed out a little bit. But overall, we expect to close the gap.
Mitchell Butier: Overall, what our assumption is, is that working capital -- that we basically keep working capital productivity at the same levels as what we had at the year end 2010 so that we're holding on to that productivity. Now we do expect working cap amount, dollar terms, to increase approximately $40 million, $50 million, just given the growth. So when you look at the -- what we've commented on about the level of increase, there is a good amount of currency in some of those changes. And most of the changes are due to just growth overall, with the one exception being inventory. In inventory, there was a couple of additional things that we built inventory in the first quarter. One was around just -- we potentially did in Europe around the system implementation around the end of the quarter. We were going to shut the plant down for a little bit, so we built up some inventory for that. And two, is also because of the inflation, we pre-boxed some materials ahead of some price increases. So overall, for the full year, we expect to hold on to the productivity. We've demonstrated our ability to do that. We feel confident with our ability to do that. In Q1, you did see that it slipped from prior year for those reasons.
Mitchell Butier: No. So basically our raw material assumptions just assumes what we see today which isn't just what's priced in today but where we've had communications from vendors or discussions around what's actually happening in the market as of this time. So we don't forecast or speculate what Q3 or Q4 will turn out to be because that moved pretty wildly both up and down over the past few quarters.
Mitchell Butier: The mid-20% range we've talked about in the 20s is the more normalized rate. We've had a number discrete tax planning events. Every year, we expect to have discrete tax events. The past couple of years, we've had a couple very large ones, but that we expect to dissipate over time and to be more just a normal level and bring us in to the mid-20s or so.
Mitchell Butier: We're on a FIFO basis overall. The way I think about it is if the inflation started mid-last year and that's when the margins, if you're focusing on PSM, dropped from around 10% down to 8% in Q3, Q4. Because of some of that lag in pushing in the pricing, the inflation frugal and prices will productivity. So we started to narrow that gap. And so with this new round of inflation, we're now passing off price increases just as fast as the new rounds are coming through right now. And so that's how you should think about it overall.
Mitchell Butier: Well, overall Q1, traditionally, seasonally, is the lowest quarter and it's always cash flow negative and it was quite a bit more negative in Q1 this year than Q1 last year, which we anticipated. So it's the -- overall, just the results in the free cash flow -- I mean, the working capital dynamics that you're seeing there, one thing specifically is just every year, we do pay our annual bonus in Q1. And so that is one of the reasons for the seasonal -- for being seasonal lower. But there's nothing else beyond that.
Mitchell Butier: And, George, when we've look at -- talked about the capital expenditure for this year, we said about 1/3 of that would be to growth, most of that investment's in the emerging markets. So there's the coder capacity that's also adding some more splitters, more investments within the RBIS space and so forth. So overall, that is getting a disproportionate share of the capital going forward.
George Staphos: Okay. Within Pressure-sensitive Materials, you mentioned that -- I think you said the sales growth was about 5% led by emerging market. If you mentioned before, I missed it, I apologize but...
George Staphos: Okay. And do you think -- as we think about margin compression and your ability to close the gap, you did a nice job in the first quarter given the acceleration in cost that you saw towards the end of the quarter. Could we not see some maybe widening out of that price cost spread for a period until you catch-up again on pricing? Thanks. I'll turn it over after that.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for the reminder on that, Mitch. The last question and then I'll turn it over. What materials are you finding, if you can talk about it, that you're able to buy on an advantage basis in emerging markets in Asia on chemical? I imagine to some degree that this region would actually be at a costless advantage versus, say, U.S. suppliers. But maybe I'm wrong, but if you could help us fill in some of the gaps here, that would be great.
