Mitchell R. Butier: No. Overall, I think, George, there's a couple of things changing with several -- because of several factors that are putting pressure on the actual margin. One is, because we've broken out and discontinued ops, the sales from Pressure-sensitive to Office and Consumer Products are now reported as sales for Pressure-sensitive, but that doesn't change the earnings because that was already in the baseline. But that does have a permanent adjustment overall to the margins within the business. We also, since the beginning of the whole inflation cycle about 6 quarters ago, raised prices about 5%. That puts about a 50 basis point headwind on the margin itself. So protecting margin dollars, but the margin percent goes down somewhat because of the higher sales prices. So those 2 effects, overall, have an impact on your normal base on how you'll be thinking about it. If you look within the quarter, just on the restated basis, you can see that the operating income in Pressure-sensitive was lowest in Q4. That's just because of the timing of certain costs, as well as the volume was a little bit lower on a sequential basis in Q4 than, say, it was in Q3. The average for the full year came out to 8.3%. And so mid-8% is what it was for 2011.
Mitchell R. Butier: Working capital, you should assume we're going to keep the productivity at the level that we had in 2011.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, there is about $50 million of D&A in OCP. So it's about $230 million is what it was in 2011. They'll trend down modestly -- obviously because we're -- our reinvestment ratio is below 100%.
Mitchell R. Butier: What's holding the tax rate up is the sale of Office Products given that it's more weighted to the U.S. I think intuitively, I would say selling that business would reduce the tax rate otherwise. But it also requires further additional repatriation of cash and so forth into the U.S. And while we don't -- we've got a number of things in place to keep the cash tax rate into the 20s consistent where it's been for the last 5 years, the GAAP tax rate will actually go up. So a nuance of the -- just the geographic mix of income on a pretax basis with the sale of Office and Consumer Products but it's actually not having the effect that you probably think it would.
Mitchell R. Butier: There was about 20 -- for the full year, there's about $20 million of overhead once we sell Office and Consumer Products for now that's being reallocated. You'll recall though, Jeff, at the middle of 2011, we announced an acceleration of restructuring to reduce some overhead costs, a portion of that was at the corporate office, if you will, in anticipation of the sale of OCP. So $20 million is the allocation impact, but our goal was actually to reduce the total amount of overhead allocated to reduce the actual margin head, if you will, to the remaining businesses.
Mitchell R. Butier: The tax rate assumes a range of the growth of 1% to 4% total. So it's different by geography, obviously, growing faster in both ends of the range in emerging markets and slower than that in the material markets. The assumption is Europe will be a little bit slower than North America.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, that's the expectation. We built that. While we don't comment on the timing or amount, we wanted to give some clarity as to what we estimate the full year average will be.
Mitchell R. Butier: Right. So the overall impact -- if you look first of all from '10 and '11, volume was actually down for Pressure-sensitive, so that actually -- we had less fixed cost leverage, if you will. So that put some pressure on the margins overall. And then that was also largely offset by productivity and other lower costs. As you go forward to 2012, the biggest single factor in 2012 versus '11 is going to be volume, given the variable margins of this business. So if we're at low end of our range, Pressure-sensitive is the largest business, then that 1% volume growth is really, all other things being equal, just enough to offset inflation, if you will. I'm talking about nonmaterial towards the higher end of that range, then it starts dropping through to the bottom line much faster.
Mitchell R. Butier: So the biggest single impact from the most recent round of restructuring was around reducing the overhead or operating expenses across the business. And so those tend to be, on average, higher cost employees. When you look at this business, it's dangerous to talk about the averages of headcount because you have some really low-cost employees in emerging markets. Then you also have some employees with higher costs in the SG&A. So overall, if you look at the percent of headcount, it's lower than you would expect relative to the amount of savings on average, because most of it was SG&A reductions. We talked about reducing the SG&A within this business by a few percent.
Mitchell R. Butier: George, I think in RBIS, the sales in 2011 were roughly flat with where they were in '08 because of the volatility there. As you know, a good portion of the cost base of this business as an emerging market which was wage inflation and so forth, that's the comp and headwind. If you have flat sales, it makes it more challenging to expand margins which is why we talked about continuing to focus on growth but redoubling our efforts around productivity both to reduce costs, as well as reduce the capital base of the business.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, in the fourth quarter, overall you should be focusing on the full year because the fourth quarter is a squeeze, if you will. When we were giving our full year guidance for 2011, we're considering Office Products not being a discontinued operation. If you want to bridge the -- our 2011 tax rate, if you will, to what we're guiding in 2012 from continuing ops, overall just the impact of a couple events that we had, discrete items which were some modest benefits in 2011 that we don't expect to be there in 2012.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sales were only about $20 million in that business and proceeds were about $20 million as well. And the EBIT, George, in that business was just a few million.
Dean A. Scarborough: George, it's a complicated question because there's a number of moving factors. Let me comment on a couple of the key moving parts. Our basis in this business can move quite a bit throughout the year. Because it's a seasonal business, as you know, we build inventories and then it's transferred to receivables in the second and early parts of the third quarter, raising our basis which would reduce our tax charge, if you will, when we sell this thing. But at the same time, that consumes free cash flow to be able to build those -- that working capital down. So the reason that we're looking at it and just talking about one number because it really depends on if this were to not go to second review and close sometime in March or close in June or July or close in September, October. It has a significant impact on the individual components while not having a significant impact on the overall net proceeds. To your question about the tax rate, a big part of the proceeds, the value will be signed to the U.S. We have a normal tax rate you'd expect within the U.S., 35%, actually 37.5% when you consider the state taxes and so forth. And the element signed outside the U.S., there's quite a few different jurisdictions with different tax rates.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think -- Ghansham, this is Dean. I think probably the reason is that we're not paying out very much management bonuses here, if any. So that's why the number would look as large as it would for 2012.
Dean A. Scarborough: No. I mean, I -- we would certainly say that we expect our earnings to increase, especially as our business -- hopefully, the economy and our businesses continue to improve. So our goal is to continue to drive free cash flow at a level close to $300 million.
Dean A. Scarborough: Right now, we don't see a need to increase CapEx. Certainly, if business improves dramatically, yes, we would have to make some more investments. But we're really getting more and more productivity out of our existing assets.
Dean A. Scarborough: Certainly, for the short term, our focus is returning more cash to shareholders. We think we've got 2 strong businesses, both which throw off good free cash flow. We are making investments on organic growth, so beefing up a little bit of marketing spend and some of the R&D and innovation spend, which I think will certainly help us for the long term. We don't have any plans for, certainly, any large acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it throws off great free cash flow. And what we've been able -- we've always said there have been 2 paths to getting to the margin. One is through growth, which is, frankly, an easier path because we've got high variable net margin from the business. And -- but given the volatility that we've seen in the marketplace in terms of unit volumes, the other path, frankly, is to drive accelerated productivity. And I think the other thing we've learned over the last -- especially over the last 18 months or so, and this is very similar to the -- to what we've learned in the Pressure-sensitive Materials business, we have released a lot of capacity through our work in Lean Six Sigma. And that will allow us to shrink the amount of manufacturing footprint in terms of square footage. So we can get a lot more out of our existing asset base on a go-forward basis. We've made investments in digital printing and workflow, that will pay off. And we've also figured out to invest in information technology instead of investing in a big ERP system, which would take years and years to get a payback. We're really focused on more of the high-value and quick turnaround payback. So we've got both growth and productivity baked into the business. I don't expect apparel unit volumes to decline forever. I mean, I just don't think that's going to happen. Well, we just got a different path forward so we're going to execute against that. In any case, we will have positive free cash flow out of this business.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's hard for me to speak for our competition. But my sense is that the players in the market are focused on making money. And so the other thing that we're doing, frankly, is we've got a lot better information about how pricing works in the market. So our own strategy, kind of regardless the way competitors behave, seems to be working out pretty well. So I think, especially given this last round of inflation, we are seeing a good market here. And there hasn't been a lot of additional capacity added to the business in a number of years, so that's helpful as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: Jeff, we don't comment on the timing or amounts of share repurchase. I'll remind you though that we have about 6 million shares, I think, currently authorized for repurchase and that we are well below our target debt rating right now.
Dean A. Scarborough: So we have, as part of the deal, a 3-year supply agreement in which they will buy roughly those amounts over the next 3 years. And in return, we give them exclusivity and that agreement could be extended for another couple of years. And our goal in Pressure-sensitive will be to make ourselves just like we are with any other customer, viable and attractive, and 3M will make a decision whether or not they want to make it or buy it.
Dean A. Scarborough: What we saw was a flattening out of the inflation. We obviously were still in somewhat of our catch-up mode in the back half of the year. There are price increases that are currently being implemented in Pressure-sensitive Materials today in some segments and in some geographies. And yes, so that's where we stand. I expect -- our expectation next year is there won't be a big impact in our earnings from either pricing or raw material inflation. In other words, they'll net out.
Dean A. Scarborough: We expect -- if you look at last year, you'll notice that our -- we had volume declines of about 7 -- 6% to 7% in the second and third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it was down about 3.5%. What we saw was actually improvements in the U.S. trajectory, and some deprovement in the European trajectory. Right now, it's Chinese New Year so we have 0 visibility on those forward orders for the fall season. And we'll start to see those in March, April, May. So we'll have some visibility. We're not expecting, certainly at the low end of our guidance range, a massive restocking. And we expect some moderate improvement at the high end of our guidance range. This is the one element I think that is probably the most difficult for us to predict, especially in Europe where we just don't know how retailers are going to respond.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, here's the way, it's a really good question. At the bottom end of the range, George, let me step back for a second. So we tend to be an early cycle business. So when we saw conservatism in our end-use market supply chains where we saw price increases driving lower unit volume, we really got hit in the second quarter. I mean, we were driving 7% or 8% volume growth in the first quarter. Everything looked great. And then Q2 happened and we slowed down dramatically. We have seen some stabilization in that trend throughout the year. The U.S. has gotten sequentially better. Europe has gotten sequentially worse. And for me, if we see just a relatively stable economy, that should be a benefit to us because we won't see the inventory destocking that obviously happened to us in the second quarter. That should help certainly on a comp basis. If Europe gets hit hard because of financial crisis or the economy there just doesn't respond very well, that's going to hurt us because now we have even higher percentage of our sales and volumes driven by Europe than we did without Office Products. I hope that helps.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's volume because, I mean, if you look at U.S. import data for the fourth quarter, unit volumes were down 12% and our sales which -- and that would've really been a second, third quarter sales trajectory for us, we were down 6% to 7%. So I don't think we're losing share. I would certainly didn't expect unit volumes in apparel to drop like they have in 2011. Okay. So on the margin comment, remember that there are almost 2 full points of margin on RBIS that come from amortization of intangibles. That goes away in 2015. So from my perspective, certainly from a cash perspective, we've got 2 full margin points there. And if this kind of more volatile environment continues, we'll get our cost and our footprint in shape to achieve the margin objectives. That's the goal. We'll get there using a different formula.
Dean A. Scarborough: Was that 2 -- I think that was -- there were 2 questions there. I think one was around CapEx, which was about $150 million, is what we're planning for the year. And we sold the product line in Other Specialty Converting back in the early part of the fourth quarter so that definitely had an impact on the sales and earnings.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks. And I just like to make 2 final points about the company. First is that we have strong businesses with many competitive advantages. Our emerging market footprint, now approximately 40% of sales without Office and Consumer Products, positions us for higher revenue growth. We're making modest investments in organic innovation in our core businesses to strengthen competitive advantage and modestly improve our growth trajectory. Second, we have a strong culture of productivity embedded in the company, which has enabled us to become more efficient and allows us to invest at less than the rate of depreciation. Working capital productivity is another focus. And together, that enables us to generate strong free cash flow. We intend to significantly improve the amount of cash returned to shareholders now that we've met our debt reduction and leverage targets. Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to speaking with you again.
