Mitchell Butier: Sure. So looking at Brazil, overall, I'd say things -- we've got decent growth on an organic basis in Latin America in general including Brazil, but it is all due to pricing. The volumes that we are seeing in Brazil have softened quite a bit in the last couple of quarters to be quite honest. And within China, we've been seeing softening within China. We talked about it last quarter. And we're continuing to see that again this quarter. 
Mitchell Butier: On Europe? Well, Europe, specifically Western Europe, extremely strong growth is what we're seeing, and the emerging markets have been softer. So we've seen a shift here over the last couple of quarters where Western Europe is actually growing faster than emerging markets within Europe. 
Mitchell Butier: And the only thing I'd add, Ghansham, is just -- the only thing I'd add here is just that mix of the key component, we're talking about in driving growth in the high-value segments, as Dean spoke to. And while we have some of the net price benefit we received, it's really around our focus on expanding the margins within the less-differentiated segments and holding on to that deflation where we are seeing it in some of the less differentiated segments. We are [indiscernible]. 
Mitchell Butier: I think you captured it well. Basically, this is something that we know. We've been seeing it and talking about it the last couple of quarters about our performance relative to the market, and the need to get more competitive in the less-differentiated segments. And as we saw what kind of came in and the culmination through Q2, we decided we needed to get much more aggressive to get more competitive by reducing complexity, streamlining our processes and reducing cost to be able to be more price-competitive and win.  This business needs to consistently grow like what we're seeing in Pressure-sensitive Materials and expand its margins in line with the targets we've laid out in 2018. We're committed to that and confident we'll be able to get there with the course -- the adjustments of the strategy that we're talking about. 
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so overall, your question about normal wage inflation. So we saw the normal level of wage inflation that you'd expect within the quarter. So really it's around the volume price and mix elements were the biggest single driver for the reduction in the margins that we've seen. We, of course, had to get down to productivity, as we always do. But the real shift here was the volume-price mix dynamic. 
Mitchell Butier: Currency basically made up the -- a lion's share of that. And then productivity offset natural inflation as well as some other investments. 
Mitchell Butier: We don't give specific color around the various regions and what's going on. What I will say, broadly speaking, we are -- we have seen sequentially some price reductions in some of the areas or segments where we are -- have relatively higher variable margins. And where we've seen some deflation, we've basically been passing along to customers in some targeted areas. But we are, as we said, starting to see some inflation, and that's what we're watching out for right now.  The key thing here about the net benefit that we talked about earlier, that we saw, that we talked about for this quarter is really around holding onto it in the lower-value segments, where the returns we are getting on those segments were not necessarily EVA-positive and using this to really force the discipline to get the EVA on those lower -- the less differentiated segments up above break even, if you will. 
Mitchell Butier: Okay, so overall, the amount of employee cost and inflation is just the normal wage inflation that we have within this business. And so if you are... 
Mitchell Butier: I'm talking about local currency. So towards the SG&A overall, if you look at the -- basically the lion's share of that shift in dollar terms for the total company was currency. And then you had wage inflation, some investments we've been making. We've been making organic investments within the high-value segments, such as our Performance Tapes business, and then all of that being offset by productivity.  If you look sequentially, the margin expansion on PSM, Chris, just -- is pretty much productivity, a good chunk of that being restructuring. We implemented the restructuring program at the beginning of the second quarter. When we were talking through previously around increasing our competitiveness in the less-differentiated segments, we implemented some restructuring to basically get more cost-competitive to improve the margins in those subsegments. 
Mitchell Butier: Volume mix was the second-largest. So it's very consistent with where we were. We've mentioned the benefit on net price, if you will, between raws and the pricing element, because it's not negligible this quarter. But still, the biggest single item was productivity, followed by volume mix, consistent with what we've been seeing and talking over the last few quarters. 
Mitchell Butier: So overall, the trends we're seeing are consistent with the guidance we've been giving. If you recall going into April last quarter, we said it's a little bit softer than what we had seen in the first quarter. It then picked up dramatically in materials, and at RBIS it didn't. So it shows, again, lack of forward visibility within the business overall. So to answer your question, going into Q3, we're seeing trends relatively consistent with what we saw in Q2. So RBIS down a little bit from where we -- from where we were this time last year. And then PSM showing growth consistent with what -- what we have as particular strength in North America and Europe. 
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so these assets are dedicated within China. They're focused on specialty labels and tapes. And then within Europe, they're focused on graphics. And as far as they're not having meaningful impact, these were part of our plan all along as far as level of investment. So what you'll see within PSM, we'll talk about the major points of investment, and they shift from 1 region or 1 initiative to another year-over-year. But we have these types of investments regularly. 
Mitchell Butier: The graphics one is actually up and running beginning in Q2. The rest of them should be by the end of Q3 or early Q4. 
Mitchell Butier: [indiscernible] Application that's driving this overall. So we are seeing some higher growth in areas that might be linked to more export markets. So you'd expect that given the lower euro that they're benefiting somewhat from that. That's a small factor. Another small factor, there's been some regulatory shift around some larger label sizes with requirements larger font sizes and more nutritional information, for example. So can't point to any 1 item though, and say this is what's really driving it. So there's a number of smaller factors. Just in general, the Western Europe -- what we're seeing and obviously what a key competitor report recently are seeing. It's just improved growth trajectories here. 
Mitchell Butier: We're testing new limits and we're committed to continuing to test those new limits. But it's really about having a balanced strategy of growth as well as the margin expansion that we've seen so far. 
Mitchell Butier: So Anthony, we don't actually have a read on share for Q2. We just don't have any -- the apparel imports data that would match up to that. Because, remember, our sales basically precede by a couple of months what we actually see as far as import volumes. So when we spoke in Q1, that does seem to be stabilizing a little bit. We've since seen the import data coming in for Q1. If you recall, it was relatively choppy because of the strikes at the ports. But overall, import volume was relatively strong. So it did stabilize a bit and trends going the right way. I think the trend's still going in the right way in the U.S. It's Europe is where we've the challenge for the reasons that we talked about earlier. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think -- it's a good question. It's -- every region has a slightly different sorry, so it is complicated, Ghansham. We have some markets where raw materials are more of a benefit. Europe it's actually not a benefit, because a lot of these commodity cost reductions are oil-based. And in fact, there's some shortages in certain resins that are causing us to actually increase prices right now in the European market. I'd say overall that the largest impact has been our focus in growing in the higher-margin segments, especially in Europe and in North America. So we've got quite a bit of productivity from material reengineering, from restructuring, from growth in higher-margin segments, and raw materials also had been a benefit but they're not the biggest factor in the quarter. And obviously, even with the slower market growth in emerging markets, specifically Asia, we're still seeing margin improvements in that region. 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think there's a couple of factors. I think we had said at the end of the first quarter, we had a little bit of uncertainty of how raw material and commodity costs would be reflected in the back half of the year. I think I mentioned that in Europe, we are actually seeing some raw material inflation even despite this. And then our fourth quarter this year is a bit challenging because of the 53rd week last year kind of moved some from, I would say, a normal amount of profit into the first quarter of this year. And so the comparisons year-over-year in Q4 are going to be a bit challenging. So that's a bit of it. I think that has no economic impact on the business, it's just the number of good shipping days in the quarter is less this year than last year. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, George, it's a great question. In our 2018 targets, we basically laid out a plan where the margins for these business would be converging. And to your point right now, they're not. They're actually diverging, because we are off-track on the margin improvement targets that we had laid in for RBIS, and Pressure-sensitive Materials has done better. And so, we clearly understand that to have an adequate portfolio for investors, these 2 businesses have to converge. So that's sort of job 1. We get it.  Secondly, I believe, and the management team believes, that we can improve the margins in this business. And to do so, we just need to be more competitive in the 60% of the market that we're not competitive there. So it's -- I think that the task going forward is fairly straightforward. It will take us a few quarters to get there. But I don't know if I can give you comfort other than just saying that in every single other area of the business, I think we've delivered on our commitments. And if we think we can't, George, we'll do something with the portfolio. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, clearly George,  revenue growth is important. So let's -- again, let us reflect again on the RBIS business. Apparel unit growth is 1% or 2% per year, and our focus has been really to gain share in this marketplace through our various initiatives. We've been successful in a couple of segments, actually. This is -- maybe a little bit of the frustrating part is that we talked before about performance athletic. We're doing extremely well. And here's the other thing that's happening. RFID, I believe, is truly at an inflection point. So we're going to see pretty rapid growth in the back half of this year due to RFID, so I do anticipate good volume growth in the back half of the year for RBIS. Number 1, we have easier comps. Number 2, there has been definitely an acceleration of RFID programs being launched, especially in North America. And we have gained a significant share of a lot of those new programs. So I can't be specific about the retailers, but I can tell you that we're pretty enthusiastic about the way that looks. And it's a nice profitable chunk of business. And our external embellishment business continues to accelerate and grow at the same time. So we believe that there's the opportunity there, but I think the key metric for us is all about volume growth and continuing to capture share in the business. 
Dean Scarborough: And within PSM, we're seeing the strong performance of Western Europe pretty much across the board, but specifically we are going faster in the higher-value segments, such as Graphics. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think we had a competitor report numbers yesterday. There, they also had strong organic growth. So clearly, for me, Europe is growing quite nicely. I think there's a bit of a rebound there in activity and probably easier comps from prior years. North America, as you recall last year, we didn't see much growth at all, actually for the last couple of years. And now that's growing in the low to mid-single-digits. So yes, I would guess that, that bodes pretty well for economic activity. 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, because fundamentally, Jeff, we have moved on a scenario where retailers are not asking if RFID has a payback. It's all about when and how we should deploy. So we have a number of major implementations by retailers that are going to hit in the back half of this year. And it's all about getting the inventory accuracy required so they can serve their customers online, from mobile devices as well as in the store. So I definitely -- we definitely have seen the shift in behavior in RFID. So it's pretty exciting actually. 
Dean Scarborough: Well we are in the Ramadan periods. So by the way, year-over-year comparisons, because of South Asia for us in RBIS are really tough. So it's again consistent with our guidance. 
Dean Scarborough: Well, I don't think so. Yes, there are slight variations in the way retailers buy, I would say, over time. The seasonality gets smoothed. RFID is also going to impact that as well, because that tends to be very chunky. But fundamentally, I would say, no. I would expect the fourth quarter to -- for RBIS to be stronger than the third quarter, but not as strong as the second. 
Dean Scarborough: Actually, Chris, these investments are just about up and running. So they're -- they've been part of our existing run rate. 
Dean Scarborough: Anthony, it's a great question. We have -- Europe PSM, the market, has outperformed North America now for about 3 years in a row. And honestly, it is very difficult to understand why. We've had several different hypotheses over the last 3 years. Pressure-sensitive is -- it does have lower penetration in Europe, so that could be a cause but... 
Dean Scarborough: I don't think we would do that midyear. So it's something that we'll keep under consideration as we go forward through the year. So we only have a couple of quarters under our belt so far. And so we'd like to see how -- the volatility right now in the world is a bit strange. I will say, we've got emerging markets slowing, mature markets speeding up. We have inflation in some regions, deflation in others, and it's a lot of moving parts right now. So yes, I don't think -- we're not going to revise the guidance immediately. 
Dean Scarborough: Thanks. I think from -- in terms of number of customers, we had at least half a dozen retailers -- there's probably a few more -- but the ones that I know of. And we actually have a big application outside of apparel as well. So that for me also bodes well, because we believe that RFID has relevance in other verticals other than apparel. So that was kind of a good early warning signal. And I don't recall the first part of your question. 
Dean Scarborough: Yes, I think -- it's a good question. I'm not sure. It all has a good ROI, and retailers are, as you might guess, reluctant to share with us exactly what the payback is because at the same time, we're working with them. We're negotiating pricing for RFID tags. But I'm guessing it's got to be less than 2 years, or otherwise the retailers wouldn't do it. And I think it really depends of the retailer. And a lot of this, again, is about customer satisfaction, driving higher sales growth, merging their online, their mobile and their in-store. So I can tell by the -- I think I mentioned it in the last call, I was at the RFID show it and talked to at least a dozen retailers, and not one of them had questions about if there was a payback. So it tells me that it must be pretty good. 
Dean Scarborough: So it's formulaic, George. So it's not one average, okay? So we've got a formula, which we can share with you, because it's public. It depends on the cost of your garment. It depends on the replenishment rate. And there's a number of factors that we can give retailers to plug those variables in, and then they can estimate what the benefit and what the value is. So it's positive in, certainly, I would say garments above $10 on a unit cost basis, with decent replenishment rates. Okay? In other words, a certain percentage of those garments have to be replenished. 
Dean Scarborough: Okay, well, thanks for everyone for listening today. I'm -- I'd like to say I'm really pleased with the progress that we're making this year, especially in light of some weaker economic conditions in emerging markets and certainty the headwinds that we have from currency. It takes quite a bit of agility in an organization to continue to deliver against our overall targets given the shift. So I'd like to thank all of our employees for their continued support, hard work and creativity in meeting our business challenges.  Again, really excited and pleased about our progress in Pressure-sensitive Materials. It's great to hit new highs on margin targets. So we're obviously going to work hard to continue to maintain our progress there. And then for RBIS, we're committed to getting this business back to the levels that we committed to for 2018, because we realize how important it is to have our portfolio relatively similar from a capital market perspective. And so we certainly understand that.  We're going to make progress, and we'll update all of you on some very specific plans in the October call. Thank you. 
George Staphos: I guess I wanted to start off, if possible, with a similar question, I think as Ghansham was asking, of PSM in terms of the bridge and RBIS. How much of the EBIT loss -- not loss, pardon me, but negative variance was driven by the revenue drop and the incremental margin on that? How much of that is labor inflation? And if you could put some details or some color on that, that would be helpful. And I have some follow-up on RBIS. 
George Staphos: Understood. And I appreciate the thoughts in the question -- I mean, answer, Dean, on that. From where we sit, what would you have us most closely evaluate? Intra-quarter is obviously difficult for obvious reasons, but during reporting season, that would -- aside from margins hopefully moving higher as you expect, that would tell the investor and the investment community that you're on track? I seem to remember that you needed typically 2% of revenue growth in that segment just to cover inflation. So should we be seeing 3% or better revenue growth in the segment by fourth quarter or first quarter? What other 1 or 2 things would you have us focus on here relative to RBIS? And kudos to everyone in Pressure-sensitive. I mean, it's your largest segment. You knocked it out of the park.  I don't want to overspend the time on RBIS. But if you could answer that question, I'll turn over from there. 
George Staphos: A couple of quickies. Just -- I don't remember if you mentioned it on the call, if you did, I missed it. Why the taking up of the share count guidance for the year? I think you raised it by a million or 2 million shares. 
Anne Bramman: So we talked about this in past calls, and it was in the -- what we talked a little bit earlier was that we do have a pretty disciplined approach. We are very committed to returning to shareholders. But we take a long-term view to this. So we -- as we mentioned, we are more opportunistic when we have dips in the share price, and we pull back a little bit when we see rapid increases in the share price, which is what we saw over the quarter. So we are still very committed and we do, as I mentioned, take a long-term view to this. 
Anne Bramman: So in general in those raw material piece, we do not see a change sequentially on that. What we're seeing on the back half is a natural shift in mix for the materials group. And then, quite frankly, Q4 was a calendar shift. It's about $0.10 to $0.14 of impact of [indiscernible] to the headwind for the second half of the year. So that's really a big driver when we look at it overall. 
Anne Bramman: So really it was an overall sales improvement from PSM. They delivered 6% organic. So it wasn't 1 particular region that drove the increase in the overall guidance. It was the general over-performance by PSM. 
Anne Bramman: Yes. So it could take several quarters. Yes, it could take several months for that to job happen, depends on the geography and several other factors. 
Anne Bramman: So we didn't buy back as many shares as we had planned in the second quarter, and so we went back and revised some of our estimates for the full year. 
Anne Bramman: Well, we had -- that's -- so we also had a lot of dilution in the second quarter, especially right at the very end of the quarter as the share price [indiscernible]. We had a lot of options that came into the money. So that was the element of it as well. 
