Deon Stander: Thanks, Mitch. Turning to Slide 14. Vestcom is a market-leading provider of pricing and branded labeling solutions for the retail shelf-edge powered by advanced data management capabilities. It’s a high growth, high margin business generating roughly $400 million in annual revenue. Vestcom is a highly synergistic adjacency to RBIS, building on our pricing and data management capabilities in adjacent markets, and increasing our presence in high value categories. Vestcom, led by an excellent management team has been consistently growing at a high single-digit rate organically over the long term, with strong track records across cycles, and highly accretive EBITDA margins. As you may recall, back in March at the Investor Day, we outlined RBIS’ key strategies, which include delivering outsized growth in high value categories, unlocking growth and value in food and logistics, growing profitably in the base business and strengthening our digital capabilities and solutions. Vestcom is an accelerator for all of these strategies. In particular, Vestcom provides an opportunity to help accelerate our intelligent labels ambitions in food, through their additional access to end users in retail, grocery, drug and dollar in particular, and to consumer packaged goods companies, who are key decision makers in the food ecosystem, as well as their sophisticated and complimentary data management capabilities. Turning to how Vestcom delivers for its customers. As you can see on Slide 15, Vestcom solutions create real value for retailers and brands. And they do so by combining data management with outstanding customer service delivery. Vestcom solutions start with taking multiple data files, including price, promotion, planogram, and brand content files, and merging these to create uniquely integrated shelf-edge labels that have impact at the point where the majority of consumers make their purchase decisions. Their solutions, which provide both productivity and consumer engagement benefits include stats, which delivers integrated price and promotion labels to each store in time for store associates to label the shelf with the latest pricing and promotion updates in walk sequence that is sorted and ready to walk and tag based on the exact planogram layout for that particular store. A Slide 16 indicates the reduction in store labor time to execute these weekly price and promotion changes so efficiently is significant. And in addition, the improved level of pricing and planogram compliance drives greater consumer impact and commensurate higher sales lift for the retailer. Vestcom then builds on this effect of productivity and pricing solution by uniquely leveraging the same label real estate to add branded content from CPGs or the retailer to support their time specific marketing campaigns. These consumer engagement solutions include shelf-ads, which allows for highly effective in store shelf-edge advertising, with the unique advantage of combining all three elements in front of the consumer, the price, the promotion, and the brand message or content. This solution provides real value in both sales lift and return on advertising spend for both CPGs and retailers. The strong return on investments delivered by both their productivity and consumer engagement solutions positioned Vestcom as a strategic partner to their customers, reflected in the deep relationships they have across the grocery, drug, and dollar segments they serve. It is these relationships and solutions in combination with our own that will help complement our strategy to accelerate IL adoption beyond apparel. This is particularly true in food, where we are already investing in our IL and digital capabilities, and where the need for visibility and problems through the supply chain, inventory and date freshness accuracy on shelf, pricing effectiveness, and managing an increasingly omni-channel environment, our key success factors for retailers. Additionally, the combination of our businesses provides the opportunity to create a unique end-to-end inventory management and pricing solution for retail in the next evolution of our data solutions and digital journey, building on the acquisition of ZippyYum and the launch of our atma.io platform. Lastly, we are pleased to add this high performing business to our portfolio. And I’m personally looking forward to both welcoming the Vestcom team and the future prospects of the combined businesses. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Greg.
Deon Stander: Thanks, George, for the question. So, let me just start by saying from our – for us, the acquisition is perfectly aligned with our strategic initiatives and our strategies overall. It firstly increases our exposure to high value categories, given the high performing, high value business as it is. And second is highly synergistic, as you pointed out George to our RBIS business, with complimentary channel access, and strong variable data management capability. And the third thing is it really helps to leverage and grow our IL ambitions in particularly in food, where they specifically have access and deep relationships in a channel that we are just starting to build traction in. And secondarily, in combination with our variable data management capabilities, we’re able to execute more efficiently. And then finally, I think, more importantly, in the longer term, is that the combination of both businesses I think will help acceleration – accelerate the innovation that really needed at retail level to provide better and more integrated inventory management, pricing and consumer engagement solutions. And some of the stuff that we started to build on already with ZippyYum and atma.io platform launch. From a competitive position there are clearly the market leader in their segment by some distance. And we believe that the complementary skill sets that we both have both in variable data management and the access that will create from an Intelligent Labels perspective, will be value added to all of our stakeholders.
Deon Stander: No. I think the other piece Mitch, just we emphasizes as it well, both businesses have this strong similarity of managing highly complex data from multiple sources and being able to turn that data into demonstrable value solutions for their customers be there in different channels.
Deon Stander: So overall, Jeffrey, the way that the business works is they are highly efficient and taking in data, as I said earlier on and transforming that into unique shelf-edge labeling solutions. And in a very short rapid time, they’re able to assimilate the data from different sources, and then print it typically on digital assets are very similar to our own. Then those printed labels are effectively taken and boxed by individual store across the vast network that they serve for their customers. And there is – in certainly in that area, a number of labor component pieces they have across the 11 DC they operate. And that DC network give them the ability to reach customers in a geographic radius in a very, very short order of time, which is critical, so that those stores can complete their pricing and promotional changes that are absolutely required for them.
Deon Stander: Sure. John, as related to Intelligent Labels, we continue to see healthy appetite interest and focus on leveraging the technology from our customers. Our overall pipeline has increased by almost 20% year-on-year, since last year. And bear in mind that was during also a period when retailers particularly in apparel were also increasing their interest, as I was thinking about dealing with the COVID crisis, and much more of a touchless environment really. So, specifically in apparel, we continue to see growth and interest in the pilot, in our pipeline across a number of vectors. The first of which is, just new customers, apparel retailers, and brands that are getting to the point of saying they want to use the technology. There’s always been the interest; it’s been a relative decision for them as to how they decide and what they allocate their capital too. The second area is just on existing customers, a continued expansion for customers using the technology leverage into new categories, or to promote into new geographies they occupy. And then our non-apparel customers broadly, we continue to see a significant uptick in interest, more than 60% of that pipeline increase is largely in non-apparel, and particularly I think, as Mitch touched on earlier and both in food and logistics. In food, particularly, the whole drive around provenance and freshness, with also the associated labor saving that will go into making sure that’s clear for the retailer, is starting to resonate and Mitch talked about the rollout that’s not progressing underway in the United States, but we’re seeing similar demand in the Europe and in China. And then on the logistics side, the ability to make sure that you can identify clear line of sight throughout the supply chain. And particularly when it comes to routine of that, say, for example, high value or high variable or highly hazardous materials through the supply chain is also attracting a lot of interest and we’re seeing expansion we file and try this.
Deon Stander: Yes, Chris, I don’t think from – certainly from a comp perspective, it’s moved around quite a bit from a year-over-year. But when I think sequentially, I don’t think there’s much of a change as we move throughout the quarter. I think demand continued to stay strong. As Mitch talked about earlier, we’ve got longer lead times in our LGM businesses or some of the regions there. So that continued to stay throughout much of the second quarter. Entering the third quarter, we continue to see strong demand and strong shipments out of our LGM business, in the other businesses as well. We also talked a little bit about some of the disruptions from a COVID perspective in South Asia and some of our best facilities early here in July. But other than that, continuing to stay on track with our expectations.
Deon Stander: And outside of automotive, the revenue growth trends, softened a little bit – softened a bit from Q1, and that was largely the pre-buy that we’d seen into Q1 that we talked about last quarter. So overall, the growth within Asia, we expect and we commented quite high in Q2 year-over-year, the comps get a bit tougher going into Q3. So, we expected to normalize going into Q3 and forward.
Deon Stander: Yes, just that specific points, I think the last time we touched on this, the payback continues to be significant and strong for apparel customers and increasingly, based on the pilots and trials we’ve seen for both food and logistics customers. And inclusive, we typically tend to see paybacks within the year from a customer program deployment overall. I’d also say that the ancillary benefits that are starting to accrue at the various end customers are seeing more so for example, we’re in apparel, it might have been much more around inventory access in store, there is now much more use of the same technology or the same labeling, for example, to say, what is the supply chain visibility, and increasingly, how they’re going to start tying that to some degree of consumer engagement as well. And similarly then, in food, for example, where there may be a big focus on productive use of labor, that same quick service restaurants. That’s now extending, using the same technology backwards to so well, how do we also make sure that we have provenance of where products are coming from and ensuring the freshness of those items as well. George.
George Staphos: Thanks, Operator. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Congratulations on the progress so far this year. I guess my first question is on Vestcom, obviously, pretty big topic today. And, given the rundown, Deon that you gave, I understand why the customer would like it. I understand how it utilizes data management, and so on and mention, how the brand owners and retailers would like it, how does it really leverage Avery’s core capabilities and smart labels? And why did you need this? In your view, what were the one or two primary issues? And can you comment a bit on what the competitive landscape is, how does Vestcom rate versus its nearest peers? And I don’t know if there’s even a share, if you could market share, you could offer there. Thanks.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks that’s a really good rundown. I just want to switch gears, given that we’ve seen, inflation and cost increases pretty much climb steadily throughout 2021. Second half earnings would likely be burdened by additional inflation that didn’t hit the P&L in the first half. Now, I know that’s in your guidance. But is there a way to quantify if you agree with that premise, what that burden that you’re getting over roughly equates to in second half? Thanks. And I’ll turn it over.
George Staphos: Yes. Hi. Thanks, everybody. Just a couple of quick ones for me to finish up. So Deon, can you talk at all about what you’re seeing in terms of payback periods and returns to your customers and how that might have from adoption of smart label and RFID. And how that might evolve over the last couple of years, either in aggregate or by channel, recognizing you’re not able to get into ahead of a lot of detail here. But just wanted to see what you might be seeing there in terms of what your customer saying and why that you’re seeing growth in the pipeline? Then the second question, to get back to Chris’s question. We’ve seen some signs from our contacts that there was a bit of a June low, after very strong April, May I take from your comments? You didn’t see that from your product, but just want to affirm that thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Greg Lovins: Yes, George, as I mentioned that being there relative to the guidance from the first half to second half perspective, just as you said, we’ve seen inflation increasing throughout the year, increasing throughout the second quarter really, at the end of Q2, beginning of the third quarter really starting to see some more increases in some of the regions. So, we have been announcing new pricing, it will take a little bit of time for that new pricing and or finding new ways to take costs out of raw materials to kick in. So, we have a little bit of a gap from the first half to the second half from that timing of passing that through. We think that’s roughly in that $0.15 plus or minus range, so that I talked about a little bit earlier. So, somewhere in that range is what we would expect from our sequential first half to second half gap.
Greg Lovins: Yes, Thanks, Ghansham. So I think when you look at that, kind of five point increase at the midpoint, roughly 40% to 50% of that came in the second quarter with the second quarter volumes coming in a bit stronger. Of course, as we already talked about, the rest of that comes in the back half. So the rest of that being, kind of 2.5 points is assuming some continued strength and volume and a little bit of incremental price from what we had assumed before. So, probably a little bit more on the volume side versus price, when I think about that raise in the back half, but it’s a combination of both of those in the second half from a growth perspective.
Greg Lovins: Yes, I think overall to pretty strong cash generating business, we would expect in 2022, probably more than $60 million of cash after the impact of financing costs, and everything else as well. So we expect a pretty solid cash contribution in 2022 from this business.
Greg Lovins: Yes, John, given the relative size of this business, we’re not going to get into a bunch of specifics around that. But overall, as we said, the multiple that we are paying is below the company average for a business that is higher growth than the average, higher margin than the average, and so – and the multiple that we’re paying being less as both before and after synergies, of course.
Mitch Butier: Yes, Ghansham on that one Vestcom is very quickly, the growth rate has been above the average as well as the margins, the growth rate, I think we commented in high single digits over 10 plus years. So, very consistently delivering that level of growth and the margins are above the company average both pre-synergy and obviously post-synergy. So great business, highly synergistic with RBIS, I actually – you don’t see very many businesses that are close to what RBIS does as far as integrating, managing variable information to be able to deliver promotional pricing and branded solutions. So just in a new adjacency link the food, which we see as an opportunity to accelerate the Intelligent Labels strategy. So that’s the short of it Ghansham.
Mitch Butier: Anthony if your question is, why did Europe outpace North America, but if you look at last year, they both had periods, early in the spring, have some high levels of growth in the teams, and then things go off in June and July for both regions. So they’re both comping, actually, in the second quarter pretty strong demand on all from Q2 of last year. Within Europe, we basically if you recall, last year, we said, in both regions that we had like we had seen in some share during that period, we’ve recovered that fully within Europe, we have not yet in North America. And that’s basically just because we got very long, just or a lot big order book, we’re going be seeing a tremendous amount of orders from the demand levels, we’ve got longer lead times in North America than we usually do, because of the surge in demand, as well as the supply constraints that are disproportionally in North America. So that’s a little bit of a distinction between the two. As far as how it plays out to the rest of the year, when we look at it, e-commerce demand remains robust. We expect that to continue. As far as the demand for branded labels at end market, those remain strong, they’re clearly softening. And I’m talking about the end market with the CPGs are reporting, their softened growth from where it was last year, when you had a lot of the pantry loading and so forth. But overall consumption looks to be pretty high from that standpoint. So there is a question and we talked about this last quarter, at some point is some of the high levels of demand, is any of that around inventory building and so forth? There is a potential for that. So that’s something in the range of our guidance that we have and why midyear – midway through the year, we still have a relatively wide range on our guidance on the top-line.
Mitch Butier: Good, Neel. So, I think in the second quarter is relatively broad-based, I think, as we talked about demand was strong across all the segments in Q2. I think particularly probably in RBIS and IHM is where we saw a little bit more upside in the quarter versus our own expectations. And we continued to see strong growth in the apparel business as we talked about as well as Intelligent Labels business within RBIS, and continue to see strong growth in IHM. So our back half guide assumes a little bit of those continued trends as well, some of that strengthened volume demand across the businesses that we’ve seen in the second quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, so it’s chemicals and films, largely. But in addition to that, it’s just freight. So there’s longer lead times and bolt-in the receipt of our material. Just freight companies, things being left in cross-docking stations for an extra day for example, as well as our outbound freight to our customers. So those are the two primary areas. Overall, it’s a lot of – this is still just the further upstream than us working through all the capacity limitations that existed because of the storm in Texas, the industry slowly working through those backlogs from what we see. We also think that’s what’s driving some of this demand quite high of people building some inventories, and so forth. And so it might be a bit elevated across multiple industries. And as that, you see some abatement of that that should ease on the supply chain. So, we don’t have clear visibility. Overall, when these will end its broad-based, but we would expect looking here as we get towards the end of this year, things start to ease up.
Mitch Butier: Yes, the largest impacts on raw material inflation are really in our materials businesses. So between LGM and IHM, that’s where we’re seeing the biggest impacts especially from Q2, we’re still in the first half really driven by chemicals and films increases. And we started to see some paper increases in late Q2, specifically in Europe. So, we’ve seen increases really on the LGM and IHM side. It progress probably mid single-digits in Q2 versus Q1. We’re looking at kind of a mid-to-high single-digit increase from Q2 to Q3, really driven by continued increases in chemicals and films in the second quarter, and then increases moving into Q3 here on paper. So that’s our – how we’re seeing the inflation environment evolve right now.
Mitch Butier: Jeffrey, our growth for non-Intelligent Labels business, which is really the core business, our base business grew at mid single-digits overall.
Mitch Butier: Jeffrey that contrasts is relative to 2019, sequentially versus 2020. Clearly, with Q2 being so low last year, it is significantly up and the contrast is more appropriate relative to 2019.
Mitch Butier: And if I can just add to that, Jeff, in addition to what Deon said, it’s the relative to RBIS, I’d say it has more information technology experts, relative level of revenue, and then less, as far as a lot of the production, much less level – more automation some of that, but then more I’d say on the very back end on the finishing and just before distribution, because of the complexity of the actual just delivering and creating unique pack for every single store, if you will in the U.S. of the customers and so forth, if that gives you a relative sense.
Mitch Butier: I think just add to that, the way we’ve thought about this, obviously, in terms of capital allocation, and our focus on EVA, is we’d expect this business to be EVA accretive, excluding the any amortization within the second year. So, we’re literally looking at this being pretty quickly EVA accretive. And we’ve thought about this and relative to our long-term targets we just issued a few a few months ago, we’re talking about continuing are strong growth rates. Continuing to expand our margins, continue to deliver double-digit EPS growth, and deliver top quartile returns on capital. And we look at this business it’s accretive to our top-line growth rate, it’s accretive to our EBITDA margins. It’s also accretive to our EPS growth, of course and we think we continue to deliver top quartile capital and meet our long-term target for our history with this acquisition. So it really fits and helps us accelerate, all of our key financial, long-term targets that we communicated a couple months ago.
Mitch Butier: Yes, I’d say just to build on that interest continues to be strong. And we saw small pause, as we said, in activity in Q2 of last year, because restaurants were closed and that was focused on just COVID at the time, but the interest remains strong. And I’d say that the – we’re balancing the focus of filling the pipeline, but also just converting the pipeline. And that’s why we shared a couple of those examples of some important milestones that have occurred and more moving to custom solutions, and then partial rollouts, as well as a couple of full rollouts outside of the apparel. So the momentum is as strong as we’ve been talking about over the last couple years.
Mitch Butier: Yes, the overall for us within IHM is, as we said earlier, industrial categories grew about 60% in the quarter with automotive within that we grew about 80% in the quarter. So pretty strong across the globe, we’re a little bit heavier weight on China from an auto perspective. So certainly call continued strong growth in China from an automotive side as well. So, continue to see that at this point. Getting we’re typically a little bit ahead of auto builds just given where we are in the supply chain in automotive, but continued to see strong growth in the second quarter.
Mitch Butier: Yes, George, so maybe just on the well, if I can just comment on the other part, George, I’m not sure exactly what the nature of this other part of your question was around June, but June volumes remain strong for us. If it’s referring last year, we there was a June volume started, but this year, volumes remain strong. As we look at from an end market perspective, we comment about LGM and as well as RBIS, I mean, demand remains strong. Some of it in LGM could be a bit of some inventory building we don’t yet know. But we definitely think end markets remain relatively strong from where there were a couple years ago. And then in within RBIS, retailers and brands are focused on getting product available and ready for back-to-school and thinking through holiday, because they’re expecting a rebound pretty big one relative to where we’ve been.
Mitch Butier: Yes. So just very quickly, Vestcom is focused on the categories of grocery store, drug stores and dollar stores here in the U.S. and do the branded and pricing, labeling solutions at the shelf-edge. A much more beyond food, our comment around food is specifically the link that we see where for our ability to accelerate adoption of intelligent labels in the food category. That’s one of the areas where we see a high value strategic option. So just to be clear, Vestcom is across categories within all those stores. We’ve talked about food really from the lens of our Intelligent Labels strategy.
Mitch Butier: That is actually where the opportunity is? So, we actually some of the companies, that customers that they have, we’re actually already working with food through are in the pipeline, if you will, whether it be business case, or pilots and so forth. And then there’s an opportunity to beyond, who we’ve traditionally been interacting with on the as organically, if you will. So that’s absolutely we’re part of the opportunities as well as bringing the combined capabilities of the two around data management, the data access that Vestcom brings, and obviously just the technological and business development capabilities that we have within Intelligent Labels within RBIS.
Mitch Butier: Very good. Well, thank you everybody for joining the call today. I want to thank again the team for their tireless efforts and keeping each other safe and continue to deliver for our customers. And we are focused on the success of all of our stakeholders. Thank you very much.
