Dean A. Scarborough: Thanks, Eric, and good day, everyone. First quarter results were in line with our expectations, highlighted by strong sales growth in emerging markets for Pressure-sensitive Materials and another good top line performance by Retail Branding and Information Solutions. Higher volumes and the benefits of our restructuring program drove a substantial increase in earnings per share over first quarter 2012. We are also on track to deliver strong annual free cash flow. Typically, we're a user of cash in the first half of the year and we ended the quarter where we expected to. During the quarter, we returned nearly $90 million to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of approximately 1.5 million shares. Regarding the dividend, the Board will conduct its annual review at its meeting tomorrow. As we announced last December, the Board has moved its annual consideration of the dividend increase from December to April. Turning to the businesses. Pressure-sensitive Materials delivered solid overall results again, driven by strong sales of Label and Packaging Materials in emerging markets, with modest growth in mature markets. Operating margin expanded and was within our long-term target range reflecting higher volumes and the productivity gains from integrating Graphics and Reflectives into our Label and Packaging business. Trends for Retail Branding and Information Solutions continued from the back half of 2012, with continued growth in the core business and strong growth in RFID. Sales to U.S. and emerging market retailers and brands grew by double-digit percentages. And I was encouraged by mid-single-digit growth from European-based retailers and brands. Based on the latest import data, we are continuing to gain market share. RBIS operating margin expanded significantly and we expect further progress later this year as we reduce the manufacturing footprint and execute our productivity plans. Second quarter is, of course, the most important season for RBIS. And as you know, we don't have that much forward visibility. However, our order intake does remain strong. I'm pleased to say that during the quarter we received all regulatory clearances for the sale of Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions. We expect to complete the deal midyear. We've also made steady progress on our restructuring initiative, which is enabling us to deliver strong bottom line improvement. We had a solid start to the year. As Mitch will explain, with the movement of Designed and Engineered Solutions to discontinued operations, we've effectively raised our earnings guidance. I'll note that Q2 is very important for us, and we'll feel even more confident about the year once we deliver the quarter. Now I'll turn it over to Mitch.
Dean A. Scarborough: Sure. So overall the reason for the raise in the outlook is really at the low-end, George, and that was pretty much just due to our performance in Q1. When you talk about the growth rate in Q1, it's -- we're right in the middle of our long-term targets coming in at 4% overall, our 3% to 5% target that we've had. And it did decelerate from the pace you saw of the last few quarters but recall, the last few quarters were benefiting from some easier comps and mid-2011 is when our sales fell off so when you look in absolute terms, this is a solid pace and the pace which we expect overall.
Dean A. Scarborough: George, I'd also note that Easter fell in the first quarter this year, rather than in the second quarter in the prior year. So that's part of the reason for I would characterize that as deceleration.
Dean A. Scarborough: Easter was on the -- was 1 week earlier and so Good Friday fell into Q1 of this year, whereas Good Friday last year fell into Q2.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I think there is a reasonable degree of optimism as they're looking forward. And so, we're pleased with our growth rate in -- from both European and U.S. and emerging market retailers and brands. I don't think anybody is ecstatic about the environment, but they're not pessimistic either. So I feel -- it feels -- looks okay, is how I'd characterize it.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. I mean certainly, based both anecdotally and on the order trends, I'd say yes, right exactly within our guidance range and pretty much what we expected.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. Let me just maybe give a little bit of color on the Vancive medical solutions business, that's pretty much all of other specialty converting. It's a carve-out out of our Performance Tapes business, and the core business has actually been growing quite nicely. And we have invested in a couple of new growth platforms, one is on a wearable sensor, where you can wear it on your body and it tracks heart rate and respiration and whether you're sitting or standing. And as well as a new antimicrobial wound care device where we've actually embedded the antimicrobial agent into the adhesive which is actually very hard to do, and we figured out a way to do it. We actually haven't seen any sales on those products yet so we do expect -- we're in the commercialization stage so we're pretty pleased with our progress so far. I don't want to give guidance on exactly when we're going to trip over to positive EBIT because I'll be wrong whatever I forecast. And -- but we are pleased with the trajectory. We've got very specific milestones against the business. And we're going to hit the long-term targets for that business that we've communicated to Wall Street.
Dean A. Scarborough: The only deviation I'd say is Eastern Europe, as you'd expect, was a little bit softer than what we saw in Latin America as well as Asia.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, I mean -- it's always -- all retailers are optimistic about the upcoming season. I mean, so they're talking about what happened in the first quarter and, of course, those are goods that we shipped back in late Q3, early Q4. And at least, from our perspective, there's a lot of good things going on. I mean, we've been able -- we believe we're taking market share, so that's helpful. We still have adoption of RFID, granted the pace will slow in 2013 versus 2012. And, I would say, in general, and it's hard to generalize of course, we see a decent degree of optimism about how the year will play out. Inventories, the inventory sales ratio in apparel is still about where it should be. And apparel costs are also maintaining a good relative position. So all those factors so far look okay.
Dean A. Scarborough: I suppose it's possible because we had very strong growth last year. I haven't really looked at it quarter by quarter. We still think RFID growth will be 10% to 20% this year, something like that, maybe 10% to 30%. So again, quarter by quarter, that's very difficult to be that precise.
Dean A. Scarborough: We have lower relative market share in Europe. So I think part of it is -- there's several factors. One is yes, we are with the right retailers. Some of these brands also that we serve tend to be global, even though they're based in Europe. So think of someone like Adidas for example. And so it's really difficult for us to figure out exactly where all their products are shipped. So we just characterize them as European source retailer. And I sense, we don't have the import data yet, is that we're continuing to take market share in Europe and there is RFID activity going on in Europe ramping up as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't have any share data yet, Silke for the U.S. business. I do think that -- so I can't really estimate that. We did have low single-digit sales growth in the quarter. We had been taking some market share in North America in the last couple of quarters. So some of that is probably just a lapping factor is that most of our market share gains came in the back half of the year. I think anything else would be highly speculative at this point.
Dean A. Scarborough: So I think we announced we'd hit about $100 million run rate by the end of last year, and we're expecting anywhere from 10% to 30% growth in RFID sales in total for 2013.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we definitely saw some inflation especially in North America during the first quarter and which wasn't surprising giving input costs were going up during that period of time.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I hope it does. But I -- it's still -- there is a lag time between the time those input costs change and when we get a benefit or an increase. And there's also supply and demand factors that impact those rates as well.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay, thanks. Well, I'd just like to say I'm pleased with the start of the year. We delivered at the high-end of our revenue range for the year, met our expectations for earnings and received regulatory clearances for the sale of DES and OCP. We are committed to meeting our long-term targets of 3% to 5% revenue growth and 15% to 20% EPS growth, while generating substantial free cash flow so that we can return more to shareholders. I'd like to thank the entire team at Avery Dennison for a good start to 2013. Thank you for joining us today.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes the shift in calendar had overall -- a little over -- over 1 point of impact on the quarter as well, but does not change our full year expectations.
Mitchell R. Butier: And I think a key thing to focus on some of the comments I made about RFID with half the growth in Q1 and we do expect that growth rate to moderate somewhat.
Mitchell R. Butier: No. Actually, emerging market growth is accretive to margins. But what we've been doing, even in emerging markets, is looking for places to take share that are still investment-grade opportunities, but maybe we just haven't been quite as focused on that and it's working pretty well. And so, I think the flow through margins are -- well, certainly versus the first quarter last year, are just a little bit less, but it's good profitable business, and so we feel good about it.
Mitchell R. Butier: Sure. Just very simply, at the high-end pull $0.15 off for DES and basically, add back $0.10 for the lower-cost which is a little bit -- a couple million lower than we modeled -- had a few months ago for interest expense. And the rest of it just being lower operating costs as well as, something I didn't mention, a couple of cents from different shares outstanding assumption late in the year. And then so that's -- so plus $0.15, minus $0.10 at the high-end. And that at the low-end, you've got those same factors but then as you can see, we raised the low-end of our volume guidance for the year and so that's where you get the extra nickel.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, if you heard -- we're still saying approximately 100 million shares outstanding for the year. The averaging effect is really modest, and we were just a very modest amount, over 100 before. We're a modest amount below 100 now.
Mitchell R. Butier: The key question is, we know what's going away as far as the buildup of 1 retailer that got a lot of demand last year, it's the ramp up of additional programs and so forth, and that -- the time -- predicting the exact timing of that can be challenging.
Mitchell R. Butier: We're at net of the some transition cost that we had in the quarter were at $15 million in the quarter, which would equate roughly to a $60 million, $65 million annualized run rate.
Mitchell R. Butier: I think overall, the story is very similar to what we said last quarter, Silke. It's relatively stable and we're seeing some inflation in some of the specialty materials that we buy and some deflation in some other specialty items. But overall, pretty much stable.
