Dean Scarborough: Sure, Peter. So I'd say there might have been a very small amount of shifting, and I can't really quantify it because most of the evidence we have is anecdotal at this point. So in Retail Branding and Information Services, the first -- some of the first quarter sales, I think, were stronger than we had anticipated in the quarter because frankly, people were just trying to get ahead of some of the unit costs that were coming in. Because people at that point expected input costs to keep going up at the time. So they were kind of buying early in the inflationary environment. That, of course, shifted pretty dramatically in the second quarter once cotton prices started to collapse. We may have had a little bit of pre-buying in the Pressure-sensitive Materials business, but it would have been very small as a percentage of the total, so not really meaningful. And as part of the share position, we did see, in Europe, typically June is a pretty strong month for the Labeling and Packaging Materials business there because people are doing a lot of work before the summer holidays. The Food business tends to be very strong at that point of view and we just didn't see the surge that we normally saw. And some competitors, I think, in a weakening environment, could have deferred or delayed some price increases. The problem is we don't have any market share data and we won't have it for a few weeks. I wish I could be more precise on that, but we just can't at this point.
Dean Scarborough: Well, I think, it's actually -- you've seen some articles about this lately in the trade press, but also in places like the Wall Street Journal. So cotton prices are already down. The problem is that cotton has not yet been turned into gray goods, which can be put into yarn and fabrics, and that really won't happen until later this year. So most companies are anticipating lower cotton costs and unit costs from a material perspective for 2012. They won't start ordering those products from us until very late in the third and in the fourth quarter. That's when we really start to see our fourth quarter surge in that business. So, yes -- I do see that, and I think there was actually, even in an article in the Wall Street Journal, about some people trying to keep their prices up by just adding units to their packs as a way of giving more to the consumer instead of giving it in price, giving it in unit volumes, which would be okay with us by the way. That would be a good trend.
Dean Scarborough: So RBIS was down a little bit more than the 5%. The 5% is a company number. And the RBIS organic growth was down 6% and their volumes were down slightly more than that, and pressure sensitive was around 5% as well.
Dean Scarborough: Then the trends when you look at during the quarter, they were sliding through the quarter with June being the worst performance, particularly on a year-over-year basis. And we finally got a few weeks of orders in for July and things can be spiky at times. But right now, the order trend is similar to June, a little bit better, but similar to June.
Dean Scarborough: June was worse. So on the -- we have -- it's a 5-week month for us, so it definitely was lower than the average for June.
Dean Scarborough: Yes. So we -- one of the factors I look at is the purchasing managers' manufacturing index or the ISM, I guess, it's called now. And we saw declines in that index in all geographies including China. So we definitely saw a slowdown even in emerging markets. So we did have a little bit of pre-buy in the first quarter in the LPM business, but emerging market growth was also not good in the quarter. So thus the comment about it. We sort of see this in all geographies.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, so the primary reason for the change in the tax rate is related to the geographic income mix. So we now have -- when we lowered our income projections for the year, it was lowered disproportionately in low tax rate jurisdiction. So that's what caused the increase in the tax rate. The discrete event, what we commented there and that was just about 20% or so of the change. So a very small component of the overall change on the tax rate was around some planning matters that we were looking at for later in the year that we're not going to implement, given the current environment. So primarily geographic mix. When you ask about going forward, it depends on -- if you're talking about for the near term, it really depends on what the geographic mix is going to be and really what kind of environment we're in. But I'd say, it's still mid- to perhaps a high-20% range.
Dean Scarborough: No, we're not. In fact, Office Products, the current back-to-school view is still where we talked about in the last quarter. I think it will be flat, flattish, maybe down 1% for us this year. But most of the new product launches, we've got orders for and placed and again, some -- only a few products have hit the stores so far. We'll start to see a lot more in late third quarter and during the fourth quarter.
Dean Scarborough: We pretty much already -- we've got the plan. We're executing, manufacturing, et cetera. So we're all locked and loaded, ready to go.
Dean Scarborough: As you know Ghansham -- we never comment on the timing or amount of share repurchases, but I'll reemphasize that we're committed to returning more cash to shareholders.
Dean Scarborough: We've got a little bit of a gap left and we still have some price increases planned for going forward. But they're very either product line or geography specific. So they're relatively minor. I think this is the first quarter now over the last 5 quarters where we haven't announced additional inflation expectations over and above what we've had. So the environment we're in is more flattened out. And again, there are still just a couple of areas where we need to execute price increases to fill in that gap.
Dean Scarborough: I think we've had -- every one of our competitors has felt the same inflation pressure that we’ve felt. And so, what we've seen is competitors following and raising prices in their markets. We just had heard an announcement earlier -- I'm sorry, late last week where one of our competitors in Europe has announced price increases again for certain geographies. So I still think that the competitors in this industry want to make money and they know they've got to get prices up in a time of rising raw material costs. So I think it was kind of a little sloppy in June in Europe, specifically, when the volume shortfalls -- we had a market volume shortfall, so some folks sometimes on the margins -- some competitors feel that they're better off trying to protect volume in the short term rather than raise prices. So we've seen this before. I do want to point out though that sequentially, we improved margins again in this sector. I mean, that was a priority for us to fill that gap. And all we've been talking about the last 4 quarters has been inflation. Unfortunately, now we're talking about volume. So I think we've done a reasonable job of executing. And the team has done good job of executing, getting prices up in our key markets.
Dean Scarborough: For label printers and converters, it's tough for them to do because they're in a custom business. They don't always know what their customers are going to order, so they don't hold a lot of finished goods inventory and most of these customers are relatively small. So and they don't have a lot of space, so it's really tough for them to stock up either on a lot of our product or go through reduction. So we don't really see that kind of behavior. You see it again on the fringe.
Dean Scarborough: Sure, they'll -- I mean, they are always looking forward. They're already planning the 2012 season. And in their mix will go things like, what will apparel cost look like on a go-forward basis, what's the consumer appetite for spending and certainly the back-to-school apparel season for them will be an indicator of how confident the consumer will be and how much discounting they have to do during that specific season. So it's one of the inputs they look at to judge what they're open to buy numbers will be for 2012.
Dean Scarborough: This typically is not a high ordering season for us anyway, okay? So what's in the stores now for back-to-school is already there. And we might get a few chase orders, that type of thing, but the activity level is actually relatively low in the third quarter.
Dean Scarborough: Late third quarter. By the next earnings call, we'll have a decent feel for what apparel and retail open to buy and sentiment is.
Dean Scarborough: I don't anticipate that. This is, again, and the real question is how protracted will this market slowdown be. It could be just a pause. We had a bit of this in the fourth quarter when things slowed down and then things picked up very robustly in the first quarter and so what I see is some relative choppiness out there. And so I am not anticipating any dramatic financial issues for our customers.
Dean Scarborough: Well, it is a delay of projects that we had planned. We won't automatically add it back to next year's capital expense budget. We haven't even really done our planning yet for 2012, and we'll look at 2012 in terms of what we expect our markets to look like, what our free cash flows will be and we'll prioritize around that. So and with business being slower, it makes sense to soften up a little bit on the CapEx.
Dean Scarborough: Well, because apparel unit sales weren't as robust as they were in the second quarter, it's not quite -- it certainly wasn't at our expectation, but I think it's up by 50% over last year or so, still growth there.
Dean Scarborough: Now I'm starting to feel like Ben Bernanke. Yes, so the last time -- I did go back -- we did go back and review a lot of the trends over the last couple of years. And I don't think we should draw any conclusions from this, but the rate of decline was similar to what it looked like in early 2008. You'll recall that we were -- our sales started to drop off in 2008 and we have unfortunately a series of profit warnings during that year prior to people kind of recognizing the general economy had been slowing down. And so that being said, I just -- that still doesn't really tell me what's going to happen on a go-forward basis. And it's something we're going to watch very closely over the next few quarters.
Dean Scarborough: Yes, on the restructuring, George, so it's been -- it is part of our DNA. We're not doing a massive acceleration of the restructuring we're doing. I think that our Lean Six Sigma teams around the company do a really a good job of finding lots of productivity. And frankly, we did some restructuring in the end part of the quarter and early part of this quarter at the corporate level. That really has not much to do with the economy, the current economic situation, but had more to do with eliminating some functions and activities that we had traditionally done at the corporate office that we believe our business units can more than easily handle it on their own. So it's just working differently, eliminating complexity, et cetera, et cetera. Those types of things and so we went ahead and did that.
Dean Scarborough: Okay, well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And I want to emphasize that while the second quarter was tough, it doesn't change any of our fundamentals. Our key businesses are still market leaders with significant competitive advantages. We've managed effectively through slowdowns before and we'll come through this one well positioned to grow earnings and increase returns and provide more free cash flow and return cash to shareholders. Thank you.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, Pressure-sensitive, not down quite double digits and RBIS down a little bit more. But again, a few weeks doesn't really tell too much about the business, but we're definitely seeing a continuing trend, slight softening from what we saw in June.
Mitchell Butier: The Asia emerging markets fared better than the others, but they were also down and one of the reasons -- particularly, in Asia is where we did see a little bit of pre-buy in Q1. But if you adjust for that, Asia emerging markets were up very modestly. So significant reduction in the trend everywhere.
Mitchell Butier: We're comfortable overall with where our balance sheet is. One of the things you got to look at, we commented that in Q4 we achieved the target leverage position that we were seeking. Because of the seasonality of our cash flow, debt will go up during the year, did more so than usual this year. But when you look at the second half cash flow, we'll be looking to get back again to those leverage ratios and leverage position and then return more cash to shareholders. Your point, there's enough -- if you look at the free cash flow and you triangulate how much debt reduction we need from our current position, there would be sufficient in our current guidance for share repurchases.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, because John, just to clarify, the late Q3 and Q4 spend is usually -- or purchases from us are for the spring season next year. I think if you were asking -- [indiscernible] for holiday? The answer is no, not so much.
Mitchell Butier: We adjust them each quarter based on our forecast for the year. And so in Q2, it was -- we did not accrue as much the normal amount you'd expect for Q2. We also reduced some of the accruals that we made in Q1.
Mitchell Butier: The tax effect on all of those things is a high 30% because the charges tend to come in high tax rate jurisdictions. To answer the question on the tax rate, as far as what the item is, a number of costs that we've been incurring in the second quarter and we're not going to comment at this time as to what that is.
Mitchell Butier: Sure, I'll take the tax one first. As far as the taxes, I can understand why you'd think that our lower tax jurisdictions are in the emerging markets predominantly, but we actually have tax, some low tax jurisdictions in certain areas in mature markets as well. And so you can't necessarily draw the conclusion that when I talk about high versus low tax jurisdictions, that it's mature versus emerging market.
