Mitchell R. Butier: Well, so couple of things, as far as what is the amount of the discrete tax versus the effect of just lower pretax income to answer that part of the question first. It depends -- we said that the full year guidance is expected to be in the low to mid 30s, it depends where we ultimately settle out, but roughly about half of that is from the discrete items that we're flagging here. As far as what those discrete items are, they're specifically related to just as certain tax audits get finished out throughout the year, we anticipated that some of those -- complete more favorably than they actually ended up doing in foreign jurisdictions.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, my comments were, if income was to stay at the current levels, which means -- I'm not giving guidance, but if they were, we'd sustainably be at the low 30% range. As pretax income rises, we'd expect the geographic mix and our ability to take advantage of some of the lower tax jurisdictions would increase and therefore the tax rate would moderate somewhat from that level. Perhaps get back to the upper 20s that we had talked about before, so...
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, actually, for RBIS, it got sequentially a little bit worse. Q3 is normally not a strong quarter for us anyway, and I think that many retailers continue to delay orders waiting for some of those lower input costs to flow into pricing for garments that will be ordered now for the -- mainly the spring, and little bit of the summer season. And that's the orders we'll take in the fourth quarter. Actually, the U.S. has been marginally worse for us. Actually, quite a bit worse than Europe. Europe has been better, its downward trend has been a lot less. Part of that is because I believe we're taking some market share. Part of that is because many of the retailers and brand owners we serve in Europe -- that are based in Europe also have a global footprint. So they're not just focused on European retail sales. And finally, we just don't have as much impact from mass market. We just don't have that high share of mass market retailers in Europe as we do in the U.S. So all of those factors together, actually had made Europe appear to be okay. And so far, we haven't really seen a change in that trajectory.
Mitchell R. Butier: For the full year, we expect to maintain a working capital productivity we had at the end of last year, and you saw in the first half, we had flipped from that level, and then we recovered a good amount of that in Q3. So you could expect it to recover to the previous levels we had. And that's focused on operating working capital. One thing to point out is, we have talked about lower incentive-based compensation, so there will obviously be fewer accruals this year. So that impacts working capital as well, Ghansham.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, we're still going through that evaluation given the change in discount rates. One of the things that we know is, regardless of what those assumptions are, that assets have taken a hit overall this year, and so that's one of the reasons for us to increase the amount of contributions. As you'll recall we froze, defined benefit plan in the U.S. at the end of last year, and since then we said we have a concerted effort over the next few years to get that much closer to fully-funded and start to shift the asset base to more conservative assets to take out some of the volatility going forward. As far as exactly what it looks like next year, there's still a lot of discussion about what the return on asset assumption should be, as well as the discount rates. So you would expect a modest headwind going into the next year, though.
Mitchell R. Butier: In the fourth quarter, specifically, we've got about $35 million investment for that full year. I don't have it right in front me, Jeffrey, but we could go over that later, but it's going to be probably about half of that.
Mitchell R. Butier: Well, so we definitely have some jurisdictions where they're above 34%, a couple of -- there's a mix bag out there, various jurisdictions, in the 34%, remember there is a few points of the discrete items that I talked about -- about certain tax audits from a few years ago, not settling out as we expected them to be, and so forth, and that's -- it often happens in the second half of the year. So, I wouldn't look to 34% as the ongoing rate, as we -- I mentioned that is more in the low 30s and that would be -- high -- we're in a lot of countries so we have a high amount of variation between the various tax rates, depending whatever the country is installed.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, region by region, it can be a step function change as you start to grow earnings across the entire company because there's different impacts going on in the various regions, you're going to see it more of a slow sliding scale.
Dean A. Scarborough: No, Ghansham. I think when you hear us talk about the $55 million -- I'll just make sure I understand the question right, $55 million of savings from the restructuring program, we said a quarter of it will benefit this year, some of these actions we've already started implementing and started having some effect already.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well that's a great question, John. First of all, I want to give our teams, especially in our materials business full credit for doing a great job of managing in that inflationary environment. We basically have been able to close the gap, and that required a significant amount of work, during the quarter, or during the last 4 quarters. The inflationary environment I would characterize is stable. Some of the input costs have gone down, but still some of the specialty materials that we buy -- we haven't seen lot of relief on pricing. I would just characterize the market is roughly stable at this point. And right now, and certainly throughout the third quarter, there's been -- I would characterize the market as kind of stable from a pricing perspective, so we don't see necessarily anybody really driving for volume by trying to lower prices right now, and I think that's because input costs are still relatively high.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, Jeffrey, we've been -- the inventory levels in pressure sensitive are actually in pretty good shape right now. The real question mark we have about inventories has more to do about customer behavior. If market conditions are soft, a lot of label converters will simply just take the last couple of weeks of the year off and run their inventories down. And if we trim our inventories too much, we'll have service problems when the year turns around. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on that, but in terms of us actually trying to manipulate raw material prices by changing our inventory levels, that's generally not the way we work. We work to demand forecast schedule with a flow manufacturing philosophy. So it's more related to lean operating principles than it is trying to do anything external like you're suggesting.
Dean A. Scarborough: No, they -- I'd say they've really stabilized. The last few quarters, our market shares remained the same. And the only thing that -- the only category that's lost share in the label business has been the private label share. So, it's been incredibly stable, actually for the last 9 months -- the last 3 quarters.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, we are, mainly because of a lot of the new product launches that we've been recently announcing. The Martha Stewart partnership with Staples is a significant one because it gets us into some new categories like home and home office. We have a line of sticky notes with -- that use transparent films that consumers seem to like. And we have some new product areas -- new products in the area of business builders for small office, home office type categories. So as we -- we're staying very consistent with the strategy, investment in innovation for new products where we -- you said 2011 was going to be the trough year. And I don't want to give an outlook yet for 2012 because we haven't made the plan. There is obviously an impact of the overall economy, and that's the one factor I can't relate to, but we are going to see significant amount of new product sales in office and Consumer Products in the fourth quarter of this year. So it's a timely turn of events.
Dean A. Scarborough: We haven't really seen a huge difference on either side. They're both relatively soft. I think the contract side of business, actually in the beginning of the year was a little weaker.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, I think our -- I mean, S.P. Richards is a large customer, but our fortunes tend to be more determined by the superstores than the wholesalers.
Dean A. Scarborough: The inventory to sales ratio stayed at historical lows now for the past couple of years, actually. Well obviously it's spiked way up right at the financial crisis time. The biggest impact on us actually is unit volume. If you read the newspapers or the press reports about how apparel retailers are doing, most of them are actually saying they're getting some sales increases, but those are all denominated in dollars, but because clothes are anywhere from 10% to 20% higher priced right now because of input costs, unit volumes have definitely declined. Now that trend is likely to start to reverse as raw material costs have come way down. And frankly, right now, a lot of the apparel manufacturers are scrambling for volumes, so I expect that, again another round of input cost will go down. So we should see a gradual improvement as we move forward over the next couple of quarters.
Dean A. Scarborough: No. Our current outlook, and it's based in our guidance is that, we will see low single digit volume declines on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter for RBIS.
Dean A. Scarborough: It deteriorated in the third -- so it got a little bit worse in the third quarter versus the second quarter, but we do expect -- it's still going to be negative we believe in the fourth quarter from a unit volume perspective, not as negative as it has been.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, the biggest issue for us has been sales volume. Sales volume has been flat for 4 years if you just look across the past history. We overachieved on getting our synergies and cost up. So -- because this is high variable margin business, getting sales growth -- a moderate level of sales growth in this business is very important. At the same time, the playbook on a go forward basis is to invest in the business with a little bit of money to -- for innovation of new products, we've launched again a number of new products in the business that help. We're selling to the same customers, but we're able for example to take our heat transfer technology, which is used on the inside of the garment for care labeling and use that on the exterior garments, which is a whole new market segment for us frankly, and we've got some unique differentiated products there. RFID also continues to track up. So -- and then finally, the last element of what we're doing is we're getting a little more aggressive on selling those same capabilities to retailers based in countries outside of North America and Western Europe. So there's Japan, Russia, India and China, to a certain extent, Brazil. But we really do need to get sales growth in the business, that's one. I think you noticed -- everybody noticed the increase in restructuring that we had announced as part of our third quarter actions. And frankly, a lot of that is focused on continuing to rightsize the fixed costs around the Retail Branding and Information Solutions business. So the playbook is, continue to focus on the top line with some limited investment, if we can continue to work on taking capital out of the business, as well as improve productivity.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think it's working. From my perspective, the ability to do brand embellishments is one key factor. The second one is RFID. We have a very large share of the RFID business, and that's a sea-level discussion, it's major retailers. So we are differentiated in this space because of our footprint and the wide variety of capabilities, so we can bring to bear. And in fact, our unit volume declines in certain segments, such as vertical retail or some of the performance athletic brands, isn’t down very much at all. Our biggest issue this year from a decline point of view has been unit volume declines in mass market, which has really pulled down the average.
Dean A. Scarborough: As you said, George, we haven't really -- we're just starting the planning the process for 2012. The simple answer to your question is, yes we can maintain the current rate of spend or maybe even take it down a notch or 2. I'd rather be in a position of investing though, because that would mean that we're feeling much more robust about what future top line growth looks like.
Dean A. Scarborough: Thank you. Well, just to sum up, our focus on a go forward basis is to #1, continue to manage our expenses and drive productivity in the business. And 2, at the same time, we are going to continue to invest in innovation to differentiate our product line and to drive more top line growth. And we're going to continue to generate free cash flow. Obviously, it's a priority to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and as well as return more cash to shareholders. Thank you very much.
