GregLovins: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. Overall, to your point, on raw materials when we look from the first quarter to the second quarter, of course, it differs a little bit by region and commodity. But generally, to your point, we had about somewhere in the low to mid-single-digit deflation sequentially from Q1 to Q2. And that's basically what we would expect as we look forward into the third quarter as well. To your point, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, we have continued to be disciplined in our pricing. As you know, over the last couple of years, we've implemented pretty significant amount of pricing actions, given all the inflation that we've taken over that time. So given the deflationary - or slightly deflationary trend we've seen here, we have given back a little more price to go with that deflation as we've gone into the second quarter.
GregLovins: Yes, Ghansham. This is Greg, again. So, I think overall, as you said we're looking at last quarter we talked about expect in the back half to be in the $10, $10 plus run rate. Pushing that out a couple of quarters essentially means that moves in more into the first half of next year. So overall, yes, so, I mean, next year we're looking at more than a $10 EPS run rate for the year. When we look forward from where we are here in the second quarter to get into that $10 run rate, I would say there's four primary drivers of that trajectory change. One is really about less destocking in the Labels business. So even though the - there is some signs of consumer demand in packaging categories as a little bit lower, we still saw a fair amount of destocking in Q2 and more normalization of that destocking will give us an increase even if the markets are a little bit slower. We also continue to see the non-apparel Intelligent Labels growth as Deon talked about and you could see in the chart, we included in our slides. And we're continuing to do productivity actions. We raised our productivity, our restructuring expectations for the year by about $15 million from where we were a quarter ago. So we expect we're ending the year with about $0.15 more restructuring benefit than where we were in the second quarter as well. And then again, Deon and I talked a little bit about the base apparel business being softer, and you can see that in some of the charts on our slides as well. So as that normalizes a little bit, we would expect some benefits there also. So those are really the four big drivers I seeing and getting us towards that $10 run rate over the next not-too-distant period.
GregLovins: Yes, thanks for the question, George. Overall, when we look, you know, at even where we were in Q2 with the amount of destocking we have - we had in the second quarter and we would estimate that probably more than a couple of weeks in North America and Europe. And if we were to normalize for that amount of destocking and also normalized for apparel, our base apparel business was down I think more than 20% in the quarter. I mean, you can see the chart on apparel imports as well. If both of those would normalize, we will be closer to 250 run rate already at this point from the normalization of those things. So that's how we would think about it as we get through the destocking even in the lower volume - somewhat lower volume environment that we're in our demand environment, I should say. So as we get to the destocking and see - eventually here is some normalization of the apparel demand and starting to normalize the apparel demand. That's how we feel like we get back to that $10.
GregLovins: Yes, and George, on your second question from organic volume growth perspective, we would expect - we anticipate at least as we're into the fourth quarter to see volume growth versus Q4 of last year, as we start to obviously comp some of that destocking, but we would see that continuing to improve as we moved into the beginning of 2024 as well.
Deon Stander: And, John, I'd just add to that. Typically, when we've seen such a steep rise in pricing, we expect that pricing to unwind over the time period as deflation continues to ramp as well. And I think the one thing I would stress is, we continue to remain strong pricing discipline in the industry, as the industry leader to protect the health of the industry in the long term. And we will respond appropriately making sure that first we addressed some of the surcharges that are out there, and secondly then making sure we're continuing to manage our overall margins as well. And I'd also remind everybody that during these times we have been really leaning into productivity and those are typically things that we hold onto in the longer term, the productivity gains we make as well.
Deon Stander: Ghansham, maybe let me just add a little context around where we see the markets at the moment. I think as you recall in times and we've seen significant volume declines, for example, in a recessionary period, they tended to be steep but they tended to be a relatively steep recovery as well, and that's what we had been anticipating as we came through the second quarter, and we didn't see that in June. And I think that's largely down to the pace of inventory destocking moderating. But as well, we've seen more uncertainty in the markets in the near-term. I think there are a number of indicators, the macro level that are contrary to each other and I think that's driving further uncertainty. In our Labels business specifically, we're going to continue to see that measured recovery you see on Slide 6, and for apparel, I think there is more muted sentiment now than there has been for a while, and a lot of how apparel goes over the next couple of quarters is going to relate to the results from back-to-school and then the implications for holidays we move forward. As such, we're going to be continuing to focus on service execution for our customers, addressing our cost as Greg has said, and making sure that we're continuing to drive on our share gains as we move forward into the market as well.
Deon Stander: Josh, thanks for the question. Nothing has changed in terms of the timing of the current rollout of non-apparel. The biggest change has been on apparel softness. But let me go back to the non-apparel piece. Those programs are in-flight existing rollouts that we've seen in logistics and food and they are tracking to plan, where our team continues to excellent - sorry execute excellently in that regard and making sure we're delivering on those promises. As you look at the Q4 run rate, that could - that will indicate a degree of the exit run rate into next year, but also remember in logistics, it's the principal season when most packages and volume is shipped as well. So we tend to see a slightly entry point - low entry point into Q3. That said, there continues to be new, and other programs and logistics and food that will increase adoption as we go through '24 as well. And in addition, as apparel volume recovers, we also continue to see new apparel rollouts that we already have secured and we'll start to launch during the second half of this year.
Deon Stander: Yes, Mike. The difference in June that we saw, we anticipated a steeper ramp, as I think both myself and Mitch said previously. And volumes did continue to ramp, but not at the pace that we'd expected. If you look at Slide 6 which you can see is the combination of April, May, and June continues to ramp, and in July, we're seeing a similar consistent ramp in our revenue through July year to - month-to-date.
Deon Stander: So, Jeff, yes, our performance year-to-date, if you look across the two quarters is roughly flat for apparel, and that's largely been driven by the apparel softness that is being more pronounced than we had anticipated. As I said our IO non-apparel ramp-up is on track and on pace with what we'd anticipated and is continuing to ramp through the second half of the year. So that does imply, yes, a greater than 40% growth rate as we go through the second half of the year. And we feel good about that. As it relates to UPS, specifically, we don't comment on specific customers, but logistics is a big part of our ramp as we move forward through this. And, as we always do for every significant program rollout that we do, Jeff, we do a lot of scenario planning to make sure that we're ready for all eventualities. We've done that in this case. If there was to be any striking the logistics sector of any period, then we would anticipate some impact, but we have made sure all our efforts are focused on continuing for service excellence to continue to validate the strength of the business case that in this instance, the logistics industry is really strong - feel strongly about.
Deon Stander: Yes, Chris, thank you. In apparel, what we saw the industry really drive adoption around was effectively inventory productivity and visibility. And that case actually holds true for many industries and verticals we look further along, Christopher. If you remember, we said that apparels addressable market is about 40 billion units, logistics is about 60 billion, 65 billion, and food was north of 200 billion. So a significant order of magnitude, if we were able to prove the value of the solutions that we provide. And we've not come to sort of realize that those are really sort of in four really categories, one is, helping reduce waste, whether that's food waste, the promise of reducing food waste, the promise of waste in the supply chain. Again reemphasizing the - how labor efficiency and supply chain effectiveness becomes more pronounced when you use technology like RFID. The third, one is really an emerging piece, which is around being able to provide the sustainability, circularity, and transparency of items and the mechanism for measuring that. And the final one is, we're starting to see also a better way for brands to directly connect with their consumers. And so when we look into each one of these verticals, in particularly the ones that are in-flight now logistics and food, we see use cases that are reinforcing the need to address those problems. In food, really trying to understand how you shine a light on provenance down the supply chain. And then use that to drive food freshness in store and less waste. The waste, as you know, it could be 30% to 50% of everything produced in those states gets wasted, typically, we produced a report that showed that I think last year. In logistics, using the technology to really understand how do you avoid missed shipments and missed loads is one example, but then also traceability as well and that is to come and we're engaged with a number of alternative place the ones we already have both in food and logistics proving out some of these - proving up the economics of those business cases. And what we come to realize is, as in apparel, the typical use cases apply across all the industry players, when that's once been established. And that's the reason why Chris, we've been leaning so far forward and not just dealing with customer problems, they trying to activate markets. Because in that activation of markets, we can see the benefits spreading across all of them.
Deon Stander: And, John, just your question on any large-scale programs that we look forward, the short answer is, yes, there are a number that are in flight at the moment. I was actually just with an executive of a fast casual chain during this last week, rediscussion some of the extended applications that we're going to work with them on both transparency and freshness as well. And we see similar things in grocery around freshness, and in addition, in logistics, we're engaged with a number of other industry players as well. And so in time, those will become more pronounced and we will start the rollout and adoption of those. I'll also say, as I reiterate reiterated I think earlier on, in apparel, we've recently just also closed out four new apparel accounts and they will be starting to roll out from the third quarter and fourth quarter into next year.
Deon Stander: George, let me address the first question. Yes, the news that - I think I mentioned this last time, the news that a number of retailers and brands have started to make progress on their inventory reductions is true, but it's not uniform, George. Across some of - across the whole apparel industry, there is variation in both brands and retailers and their ability to get at there. And we continue to see variation where some retailers and brands have high inventory levels they have historically carried. And then with a more muted sentiments that they're factoring in, we're not seeing necessarily that inventory come out at the rate that we would have hoped and I suspect that they would have hoped as well.
MitchButier: Anthony, let me address that first and then Greg can follow up as needed as well. I think I made the point that we typically have seen a steeper decline in a more steeper recovery in periods when we - when there's been recessionary environments, it's not a recession environment now, but the similar analogy that we would use as we move forward. We had anticipated that been a sharp recovery, particularly in June and July. And we've not necessarily seen that. We've seen volumes sequentially improved. That combined with a more near-term market uncertainty in outlook given some of the country indicators we're seeing over there has led us to focus where we are in Q3, and continuing to see the projection of our volume recovery in Labels business and assuming at the moment that our apparel business will not recover during Q3 at this stage. And then when we factor on top of that, our accelerated IO non-apparel deduction rollout, we feel good about where we are as we look towards $0.20 earnings growth in the third quarter.
MitchButier: I think Mike for part of it is really about, as Deon said a couple of times here, it's really about when historically we've seen more of a sharper recovery in cycles like this, and this is part of it goes back to the question on Q4 guidance as well. We have - what we have seen throughout the quarter is a pretty steady ramp-up across the quarter and continuing into July. And that's what we show on the chart on Slide 6, you can see there, and that's how we've built our outlook into Q3. Further challenge here has been really calling the pace of the recovery, which is why we've confident that we'll get to the $10, and the question is the timing of that and how does that pace go, and do we see a ramp-up - a steeper ramp-up near the end of the destocking period or does it stay in a more steady flow. So that's how we've been thinking about things, and what we've been seeing is a more steady increase over the last few months.
MitchButier: Thanks, John. So, under first question, looking at solutions from Q1 to Q2, well, as you said, we sell the sequential improvement in the non-apparel portions of IL, really the base apparel business where we saw a pretty significant decline and we actually have within that even an unfavorable mix. So from Q1 to Q2, despite that portion of Intelligent Labels, the rest of the segment had an unfavorable mix sequentially, and that's really what's - while we had a benefit from the volume growth sequentially Q1 to Q2 and some of the productivity actions we had an unfavorable mix, sequentially as well.
