Mitchell Butier: Thanks, Cindy, and good day, everyone. We delivered another strong quarter. Sales were up 10% ex currency with 5% coming from organic growth and another 5% from acquisitions. Adjusted EPS was up 25% for the quarter, and we raised our earnings guidance to reflect a better than 20% increase for the full year. LGM delivered solid top line performance, with organic growth rebounding in the quarter, as expected, along with continued strong profitability. The consistency of results from this high return business is a key strength of ours. RBIS also had another strong quarter. The transformation of our business model here, becoming more competitive, faster and simpler, is enabling continued margin expansion and is clearly resonating with customers as evidenced by another quarter of strong and broad-based sales growth. And we continue to make progress building a stronger position in IHM. Operating margin declined for this segment in the third quarter, reflecting acquisition-related cost, as well as the near-term operational challenges we discussed last quarter. We'll overcome these challenges in the coming quarters, and expect to deliver significant value from this segment over the long term, as we leverage LGM's strengths to target attractive end markets where we are underpenetrated. As I look across the company's portfolio, I'm pleased with the progress we are making against our key strategic priorities, driving profitable growth and superior returns. Our focused investment to capture the above-average growth and profit potential of high-value categories is clearly paying off. Sales in high-value categories are up again high single digits organically this year, reflecting strength in specialty labels, industrial tapes and, in particular, RFID. We anticipate full year organic sales growth for RFID products this year will come in close to 20%, driven by multiple customer rollouts and new programs. At the same time, in the base businesses, within each of our segments, our disciplined approach to balancing the trade-offs between volume, price and mix, combined with our relentless focus on productivity, are driving solid growth and, of course, margin expansion. Product reengineering, Lean Sigma and the effective execution of our multiyear restructuring plans remain key to our success. And finally, our capital allocation strategy continues to drive our resourcing decisions as we pick up the pace of investments to support profitable growth, both organically and through M&A. The acquisitions we have completed over the last 50 months have added scale and complementary capabilities to our core businesses, supporting our long-term strategy for value creation. At the same time, we remain committed to consistent and disciplined return of cash to shareholders, both through dividends and share buyback. Overall, I'm pleased with our steady progress against our long-term goals, reflected in another consecutive quarter of strong results. Our consistent performance reflects our market-leading positions in solid-growth market segments, including exposure to faster growing emerging regions in high-value categories, the strategic foundations we've laid and the depth of talent in the company.  Now I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So overall, what we're seeing in the quarter is higher growth in our higher value categories in every segment. And, Scott, that's part of the overall strategy that we've laid out. Not just for the year but for the long-term to shift the portfolio mix more towards these higher-value segments because they have higher growth potential, higher-margin profiles. And that's going to be both our source of targeted investment, both organically and M&A. So what we're seeing in the quarter, every quarter will have a little bit more or less, but is consistent with the theme of what we're trying to drive up for the long-term.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so Scott, Q3 benefited from pull in from Q2, a little bit Q4 to Greg's point. The other thing I'd highlight is little bit tougher comps in the fourth quarter as well. But overall, as far as the expectation of us to be able to continue to deliver on the long-term organic trends that we've laid out through 2021 is something we continue to expect to do, adjusted for these calendar shifts and tough comps or easy comps quarter-to-quarter.
Mitchell Butier: And I just want to highlight, this has been a consistent source of strength of ours. The innovative way the team keeps looking for to continually find ways to reduce cost, whether it be material reengineering or deploying Lean Sigma or restructuring activities. And we consistently look for new opportunities to restructure our business and lower our fixed cost base, so that we can continue to expand margins and be competitive and grow profitably within the base. So that's the carryover, and we're continuing looking for new opportunities over the strategic horizon as well.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so we're seeing a few retailers and brands adopting right now. And are maybe in their second or third quarter of the adoption ramp, which is when things tend to pick up. And then, we also just -- and a number of customers just due to their own seasonality see a sequential pickup from Q3 into Q4. So the pipeline remains healthy, we continue to work with customers on adoption. And I'd say that the amount of activity we have is consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of years as far as various customers in the various stages of adoption.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, we've communicated, we expect this business to be able to grow 15% to 20%-plus over the long-term. And we'd say, we'd expect to see that going into 2018 as well. Having said that, for -- a large part of that around next year would be just from rollouts that are going on right now, as far as new rollouts, when firms decide to actually adopt. It takes 6 to 9 months from decision to actually ramp-up. So a lot of this is just from rolling out what we currently already see. Clearly, towards the end of next year and beyond, that will be for new rollouts that -- where decisions have not yet been made.
Mitchell Butier: The average for the quarter is not a great way to look at it because all of the calendar shifts that we've had. And China, as Greg mentioned, a little bit of ramp-up because of the -- in advance of the prebuy for the price increase that we've had. Within India, we did see a bit of progression, positively. That has more to do with the fact that there was some goods and services tax that negatively impacted us both in Q2 as well as Q3. And that started to show a positive trend as we went throughout. And then within ASEAN, Q3 overall, with higher growth than we saw in the first couple of quarters. But it also was impacted by some of these timing effects as well. So overall, if you remove the noise, China, I'd say was solid consistent growth with what we've seen, previous few quarters on a normalized basis. India starting to pullout of the whole from GST. And ASEAN continues to have strong upper single-digit growth.
Mitchell Butier: We've announced the projects that we're actively pursuing today, and we will announce any new future investments at the appropriate time. Overall, with the amount of investment that's been going on within the industry, we think it's commensurate with the industry's growth. The industry has been growing, on a volume basis, around 4% globally. North America has gotten a lot of attention around the recent increase in investment over the last few years, but there had been a long period of no investment before that. And so we see this as just basically catching up with what the market needs for overall growth investments. So our biggest investments right now are what we've announced in Luxembourg as well as we've got a new coder within China as well.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, I think overall, we, as we said, we had some headwinds in Q3. We expect conditional headwinds or additional headwinds in Q4 from a margin perspective from the Yongle acquisition. And then, we expect to contribute, I think, roughly $0.10 increase next year in earnings from Yongle. So we'll start to see that pass us as we get into next year from a Yongle perspective.
Mitchell Butier: And I just really want to emphasize what we're talking about here because I know that everybody is seeing what other companies are reporting on and so forth. The amount of inflation we're actually experiencing is extremely modest. And in aggregate and then by region, in places where it's larger, we are offsetting the amount we can through productivity. As they come out, we can or put in through price increases. It's the same playbook we've had for years, and we'll continue to execute. And I think you've seen through our results, we've continued to become more and more disciplined about how we manage our business and the dynamics between volume, price and mix. The decline you talked about a number of years ago, 2 things. One, the amount of inflation was significant back then. Two, the margin declines you saw was just because of the one quarter delay, generally between our pricing trends and what happens with underlying inflation, deflation. And that's a little bit what Greg was talking through. Some of our pricing trends, in aggregate, reflecting some of the deflationary environment we had that have now turned into inflationary environment. So on a sequential basis, you will now see that flattening out, and us begin to put in price increases, should we continue to see inflation.
Mitchell Butier: So sequentially, it's essentially all Yongle, the acquisition that we made, as well as Finesse and others but much smaller acquisition. And generally when we make acquisitions, Jeff, we said don't expect much to flow through in the first 6 months or so of when we make an acquisition, both because of integration and deal cost, as well as just accounting adjustments that you have, such as the inventory step up. So that's what the sequential trend is. If you look year-over-year, the tapes business we began to cycle through. The reason you see the return to growth, we cycled through the program loss we've talked about within personal care categories and the medical business has returned to growth after cycling through some of the declines that we'd had mid last year as well.
Mitchell Butier: I think a lot of the restructuring savings that we've talked about, a significant portion of that comes in SG&A as well, somewhere, I would say, 65% to 70% of that. So you're starting to see a lot of that pickup in the SG&A side, and that's what's helping bring the overall SG&A number down for us in total.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so overall, I mean, just the amount of inflation aggregate that we're seeing is modest. The -- in specific categories, where we are seeing the inflation in paper, and then, also chemicals, we're seeing it in a couple of geographies as well. We are putting in through targeted price increases. And sometimes it's on bearable information label, sometimes it's on paper, sometimes it's the filmic products that we have. There's not one overall general story that we can tell. And for us, we see as our -- leader within the industry, that we need to, as a commitment to our customers, offset as much of that inflation as we can through material reengineering, which has been a historical area of strength for us. And that which we can't, we will pass on through price increases. And that's what we're in the process of doing today. We announced a price increase in China earlier in the year. Doing another one now, and going forward with one in Europe as well. It's not broad based for every single category and so forth. Its targeted price increases for particular categories that we go through on. And what the -- we would expect the market overall to adjust but it's a competitive market that we are in. And we, being the leaders within the industry, we know we've got to continue to focus on innovating for not just ourselves but for the entire industry.
Mitchell Butier: Well, we tend to share a lot of information of what's going on in the end commodity markets with our customers on a regular basis, letting them know what the various pressures are that we're seeing or things are declining to help them expect when we are seeing pressures, such as this, that we would need to put a price increase. But further so that they have the right information to be able to have the right conversations with their own customers. So the -- the price increase we put through in China, a couple of quarters ago, we saw generally the market moved with a price increase, just given the amount of inflationary pressure relative to some specific commodities within China, the market needed to move. Customers understood that. Do customer always like price increases? Of course not. But if they understand it, and can communicate that to their own end customers that's when we generally are successful pushing a price increase through.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, we continue to execute against that strategy that we've communicated. And the industrial tapes business specifically is up high single digits. It's not dissimilar from some of the specialty labels within LGM, where we have similar growth rates. So we continue to work to build our capabilities around front-end design, so we can get speced in and qualified for various programs within our specialty businesses of which a big portion is within IHM. So that is progressing as we had expected.
Mitchell Butier: Sure. So as far as what we've talked through around some of the announcements that I think you're referring to, George, we are not seeing any immediate impacts of that, and don't really expect to going into next year. If you think beyond, so our visibility tends to be 3 to 6 months out, and there are often a lot of views about how various markets will evolve a year out. Having said that, next year we do see a potential for there being some inflation, specifically around liners. We continue to work with our raw material suppliers. We feel very confident. We talked about shutting down of capacity and being able to secure the amount of material that we need to continue to grow our business and grow profitably. And if the inflation does come forth, then we will push -- put through price increases, because that'll be broad based and industry based, as far as what we are seeing. So again, even in the grand scheme of things, does not look very significant at all from what we're seeing going into next year.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, so a key part of what we do, and if you look at variable information label growth, and so forth, specifically around some of the e-commerce areas, it's around helping. It's not just about e-commerce but it's automating various packaging lines and the whole lowering the cost of delivery systems and so forth, that is absolutely a part of what we do. And whether that's in LGM or what you're seeing in RBIS. IHM, less so. IHM is more about light weighting and reducing the overall weight and improving the performance of various fasteners that you have. But you do see that trend definitely within RBIS and LGM.
Mitchell Butier: Thanks, George. Yes, so as far as QR codes, I think overall, we see where RFID is or variable information barcode labels, it's a weight for to -- it's an interface between the physical and the virtual world. And I think there's going to be a role for various technologies as the demand for more linkages between the physical and virtual continues to increase. QR codes need a clear line of sight. RFID the key advantage around that, is it does not. So when you have packaging lines or supply chains with a lot of variations and SKU complexity, package size and so forth, or a lack of clear line of sight, that's where RFID is going to win. Where you have fairly standardized products and clear line of sight with continued proliferation and advancement of both cameras as well as artificial intelligence, I think you'll see QR codes and just simple barcodes continue to grow as well. So I think there is an overall need for a linkage between physical and virtual world, and you're going to see multiple technologies play out in different ways. As far as the stock split, that is not something that we are considering at this time. When you look at the liquidity and otherwise, that's just not something that we are evaluating. But, George, if you have some views on that, would love to hear them, but that's where we are right now.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today, and for your interest in Avery Dennison. We again continue to deliver and execute consistently across the portfolio. And we, here at the company, are extremely excited by both our position and prospects going forward. Thank you very much.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think overall, as I mentioned, we do see material cost tend to differ a little bit across regions and across categories. Overall impact on the quarter was relatively modest, and it was in line with what our expectations were for the quarter. Overall, we're seeing a few pockets of inflation in some specific areas, areas such as paper in Europe and Asia. And overall, our approach to deal with these things is pretty consistent with what we've done in the past. We've focused on material reengineering, to try to reduce the cost of our materials where we can, and then we look to pass inflation onto pricing as necessary as well. Overall, we did have -- that's just a modest inflation this quarter and expect to see a little bit of modest inflation in Q4 as well. And we also had a little bit of carryover price headwind from prior year, as we're still in pretty much a deflationary environment through the beginning of this year. So a little bit of carryover there. But overall, at this point, we're seeing some modest inflation trends, and we're looking at some price increases where necessary. An example of that, in China right now, we're seeing some increases in paper. And we're in the process of implementing some price increase actions in China in early October as well, to deal with that.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, there is a few timing-related impacts that we talked last quarter about some timing in Q2 that led us also some timing impacts in Q3. A little bit of impact from timing of the Chinese mid-Autumn festival, which was in September last year, fell in the first week of October with Golden Week this year. But also, I mentioned the price increase we've implemented in China here in early October that led to a little bit of a prebuy for us in the third quarter in LGM. So overall, we still expect, on the LGM side, about 4% organic growth in the quarter or in the back half. And that basically translate into the total corporation deal as well.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, we had a little bit of a headwind from pricing. Again, most of that was carryover, as we talked about a minute ago. But largely volume driven growth in the quarter drive the majority of our organic growth.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Short answer is, yes, there is continued share gain. We've been talking about that for a number of quarters now, in the base business. And then clearly, our differentiated position in RFID allows us to continue to drive growth and penetration of that new product platform. If you look at just apparel import units, they've been -- if you look at them within the U.S., they are up less than 1% for the last 6 months, and they're down around 1% in Europe. So the overall apparel imports that you're seeing into the mature regions, still pretty anemic growth or flattish overall. So clearly, the amount of growth we're showing is share gain. And as far as the outlook for next year, I can't have one comment that describes what's going on. It's really unique, retailer by retailer and brand by brand. I think overall, you can see the -- all the focus that the retailers are having towards driving more towards omnichannel. That's something we're working with each of the retailers and brands to help support them in that transition, and a place where our position in RFID continues to make us a key strategic partner for them, as they look to make that transformation.
Gregory Lovins: Ghansham, this is Greg. I think, overall, revised guidance for this year, as I mentioned, was really driven by just continued confidence in our ability to execute on our strategy, particularly in the RBIS strategy that they've been executing against this year, and really delivering solidly against. For next year, I think you could expect -- we've said this year, we have $50 million to $55 million restructuring savings, roughly half of that is carryover. And we look at basically $20 million or so of carryover into next year as well.
Gregory Lovins: I think modest headwind year-over-year. Sequentially, relatively neutral, I think, as we look Q3 to Q4. So a little bit of modest increase in inflation and a little bit of pricing actions that are offsetting part of that, so...
Gregory Lovins: Right. So I'll start with the first question. I think overall, one thing I think it's good to remember is our breadth across geographies. So given how broad our geographic spread is, across LGM in particular, what we're seeing right now is pockets of inflation that are different in different categories and across different geographies. So you might see a little bit of chemical inflation in North America. Still relatively modest to us in that region, whereas, we're not seeing that necessarily across all other regions. So right now, it's still kind of in pockets, in different categories across different geographies. Relatively modest across each of those individually though as well. I think some of our -- just the breadth of our geographic scale as I said, strong vendor relationships, good material science ability to manage through that as well, has given us the ability to manage through some of those potential challenges that you mentioned also.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, it's typically specialty papers, Adam. So not 100% linked to pulp, for instance, as you mentioned yourself. What I can tell you what we are seeing is typically, I think I mentioned earlier, a little bit of paper increases in Europe and a little bit of paper increases in China. Not seeing much outside of that at this point in time. But that's where we're seeing a little bit of headwinds right now. And that's why we've done some pricing actions accordingly in both of those regions to deal with that.
Gregory Lovins: Sure. In both, U.S. and Europe, as we mentioned earlier, we had low-single to mid-single digit growth in both North America and Europe in the quarter. And roughly consistent with that, across the year-to-date, little bit of a challenge earlier in the year in North America, but for the last couple of quarters, relatively consistent, from that perspective, low single-digit growth.
Gregory Lovins: Share issuance. Probably have to follow back up with you, Jeff, on that one. I don't have that off the top of my head.
