George L. Staphos: I guess, first question I had, to the extent that you have visibility into this, you're not the only company that we've talked with during earnings season thus far that said they saw a pickup in November and December. What are your customers, to the extent that they have visibility, relating this pickup to? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
George L. Staphos: Okay. But on RBIS, the implication would be that your customers are feeling a little bit better about consumer confidence and consumer's willingness to spend back in -- well, in the upcoming springtime season, that's the conclusion.
George L. Staphos: Okay. Second question I had, just -- you mentioned it, so it's worth questioning. The retailer who was driving RFID within their organization, and then has now decided to decelerate some. To the extent that you can comment for them, which, in this kind of forum, what was behind that? And then I had a question on Vancive in terms of how you're going to manage that business on a going-forward basis, whether it's core or not.
George L. Staphos: In terms of emerging market margins for Pressure-sensitive Materials, while you can't get into the specifics perhaps, can you tell us what the trend has been over the last year to 2 years? Have you been able to maintain the margin that you've had in that business? And what's the outlook to the extent that you can comment in 2013? And then I have a housekeeping question.
George L. Staphos: Okay. The housekeeping question, maybe you'd mentioned this before and I had missed it. If so, I apologize. What's the logic for keeping DES in your guidance for the time being? It's obviously not going to be that large in terms of EBIT, just looking at the other specialty converting EBIT. But I was wondering, what was behind that? And then, once that ultimately leaves or maybe even before then, why wouldn't you put Vancive in Pressure-sensitive Materials since you put other specialty tapes in there as well? I realized it's a health care-bent company or business, but nonetheless, it would seem like it would be more PSM than stand-alone, especially when it gets to that size in the segment.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, George. I'd start first with Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We had a very strong quarter, especially the back couple of months. I attribute it to basically, retailer confidence about the spring season as well. So we have a good market and as well as we were taking some market share, as well as strong RFID rollout. All those were factors. So it was nice to see, frankly. And I think for Materials, fundamentally, the business, it grew about the same in the fourth quarter as it did in the third quarter, overall. It's very, very close. I don't sense there was any -- anything abnormal about the fact that November and December were a little stronger. I really can't attribute it to anything specific.
Dean A. Scarborough: Definitely. Unit costs for apparel are down and so retailers buy on dollars, not necessarily units. And obviously, they do on both. So they're bringing in more units than they did last year.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So on the RFID business, actually, this is fairly typical when we do retailer rollouts. Retailers will sample a few categories. They'll expand into new categories. Sometimes they'll eliminate the program in other categories. It really depends on what their expectations are. I'll just tell you from our own kind of forecast for the year, some of this was anticipated. And we still expect to have year-over-year growth in 2013 because we have a number of new programs that are scaling up. So I wouldn't read much into that. It'll be -- it should be okay. As far as Vancive Medical Technologies, fundamentally, this is a carve-out of a business we've had in our Performance Tapes for a number of years. It's a medical wound care product category where we use a lot of our adhesive technology to -- in which we launched a lot of new products here. So I would characterize this business as a very small growth platform at this point. It's under $100 million in sales. We've been investing in the business, have a lot of new product launches that should start to come to fruition in 2013. So I would just say it's a nice, solid adjacency to our core Materials businesses that we've carved out and are just managing a little bit differently.
Dean A. Scarborough: We don't -- in the third quarter, I would say, based on the data we had, I'm confident in saying we did have some share gain. We don't have all the import data yet for Q4, so it's hard to really ascertain. I would say, for sure it's a combination of better market growth as well as RFID. It's too early to say if our share gain accelerated in the quarter or not. I do think we took some share. It's hard to nail that down.
Dean A. Scarborough: No. I said DES is a relatively small part of the business, so I never say no to, is there other productivity that we could take. But there's nothing significant planned at this point.
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say for RFID, is now solidly profitable, so really no fundamental change in the margin target. It's still relative -- it's still small also relative to the size of RBIS. And I make the same comment in -- by moving Performance Tapes into Pressure-sensitive Materials. That business is -- operates at above the cost of capital. It's a good business, et cetera, et cetera. So no major shifts.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. There is some equipment, but we're basically 90% consumables. It's all about the tags and the labels we sell, so it's relatively minor, Scott.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, John. I think the notion of inflation really impacts RBIS, because we have a lot of employees in developing markets that have a high inflation rate. So the answer to the question depends a lot on volumes. So we need about 1.5% growth in RBIS to offset the inflation factor, so -- then our incremental margin accretion happens after that, about 1.5% growth factor. So it's really an RBIS issue, it's not a total company issue.
Dean A. Scarborough: So the way retailers do this is that they start asking their vendors to tag new items that are going into the stores with RFID rather than doing some -- in the test, a lot of times it's done in the retailers' DCs, but they quickly shift to having vendors do it. So what they do is phase it in as new products come into the store. That's typically the way it's managed. So for us, it doesn't require a lot of inventory build. It does sometimes put a little bit of strain on our capacity. But we manage through that quite well, I think.
Dean A. Scarborough: I'd say, Jeff, I remember 2011, we were coming off a strong year. In 2010, we were pretty bullish. We had a good first quarter. And then the bottom fell out of all of our businesses in the second quarter because we don't have that visibility. So I think we are a little bit conservative. January, it's been strong so far. But here again, here's one reason why: And simply, that Chinese New Year was in week 4 of last year, so it was in January. And this year it's in week 7, so it's in February. So we expect to have a strong January. February will be weaker than last year because of Chinese New Year and then we won't really understand where the trends are until a couple of weeks after that. So it's really difficult to predict based on the first 4 weeks of the year.
Dean A. Scarborough: There really haven't been any substantial additions to capacity in the market. There was growth in the market last year, so I think it's fundamentally no different in 2013 than it was in 2012.
Dean A. Scarborough: Nothing specific, I'd say. As you know, we sort of had 2 vectors here. One vector is we closed our corporate research center. We're moving some activities into the businesses. And the other -- and so I would say in the U.S., we're probably -- that number will be down year-over-year, but we're expanding in China and India. So I'm not sure how it nets up. It won't be a material difference in our R&D spending year-over-year.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes. So do we have room for more digital presses? Yes, in fact, we're buying more now and putting them in our operations. They actually take up a lot less room than the offset presses they're replacing. So it's, actually digital printing is one of the things that allows us to help us reduce the overall footprint that we have in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. We get good payback from the investment in digital printing. I don't really want to comment on an amount. It's -- but it's pretty good. I'm sorry, you had a third question there, which I've forgotten.
Dean A. Scarborough: I'm really pleased with the progress of our commercial teams in Retail Branding and Information Solutions. I'd say, 5 years ago, we were primarily talking to, what's known as a trim buyer in the apparel companies or the retailers, just really talking about tickets, tags and labels. And now, we are talking to CEOs or CIOs about how we can help them manage their inventories and help improve their gross profit through a wide range of solutions ranging from RFID to price markdown implementation in the stores to more effective heat transfer labeling in factories. So it is quite different. We're still in the early stages, so we have a long way to go. But I'm very, very pleased with our progress.
Dean A. Scarborough: Well, it could be, inventory-to-sales ratio, we track that pretty closely, has remained pretty much in the same range it has for the last 18 months, so it hasn't changed much. The retailers are keeping inventories low. I do think we get a benefit from lower unit costs from apparel right now. So it tends to be a few more units. And the focus on retailers to keep inventory down actually helps us in the sense that RFID is essentially an inventory control solution, for example, and the fact that we can respond very, very quickly to retailers for restocking also helps us gain share. So the trend, in fact, I think really helps our overall business. There is still some uncertainty in the market. I mean, we grew in Europe from European retailers and brands, the last couple of quarters and I'm still a bit nervous of what's going to happen over there. So it's still early in the year yet.
Dean A. Scarborough: So George, emerging market margins for Pressure-sensitive Materials are still above average. We have changed our strategy a bit in emerging markets in that we are going after business in some lower-margin, but still very profitable categories. So we're kind of accelerating growth, taking a little more market share, but still, the overall margins and returns are still above the average.
Dean A. Scarborough: I think a lot of it has to do with making sure that you don't allow your competitors to gain a foothold in kind of lower-priced, easier-to-make products and then kind of try to work their way up the chain. We've established very strong, competitive positions, especially in higher value-added products like film and durable goods. And I think as we talked about how we want to behave in those markets, there is clearly an opportunity for us to grow faster than the market. And it's profitable and it's simply just a, I'd say, a minor shift in our mindset.
Dean A. Scarborough: Okay, George, the DES, I think we're trying to be consistent here with the accounting. So DES technically can't be moved into disc ops until after the first quarter has gone by. And we're likely to keep that business in -- it's going to be in the company for a couple of quarters. And so, we wanted the comps to 2012 to be easier to do. Also, the share count excludes buyback from the sale as well. So when we upgrade the guidance, when we move DES into disc ops, we'll also likely make some comments about share count, et cetera. So we're trying to be relatively consistent there. The question on segment reporting and Vancive is an interesting one, because it's actually a very technical question and there's a lot of accounting, et cetera, et cetera. Fundamentally, we believe that business is sufficiently different enough from Materials that it needs to report in the Other segment. It also reports directly to me. It does not report into the leader of our Materials business, and that is one major factor in why you have to report it in one segment or another.
Dean A. Scarborough: It is. I feel it's a core business and it has opportunity for growth. We're making investments in the business, and it's a nice business with some great growth potential.
Dean A. Scarborough: Yes, that's -- Scott, that's a really tough question to tease out, of how much is related to lower cotton prices versus confidence. I mean, it's an impossible number to derive. Here's the way we look at it. I think we didn't really see the benefit of lower apparel prices till the back half of the year. So my perspective is the comps will be relatively easier in the first half of 2013 and maybe slightly more difficult in the back half of 2013.
Dean A. Scarborough: It's for the spring season. So the orders that we've taken, mainly in the fourth quarter, is really all about spring and summer.
Dean A. Scarborough: So the actual way they're compensated hasn't changed. But fundamentally, we had always held the businesses accountable for a set of EBIT targets. And those EBIT targets were less than what we reported externally. And so the businesses, I guess, didn't feel accountable for certain costs that were allocated to the businesses. So we decided to change that. And now there's -- I can tell you, the business heads pay a heck of a lot more attention to services they buy from the center or other cost allocations. And part of the restructuring plan was the businesses saying, "I don't really want this service," or "I want it at a lower level." And as a way to better prioritize around the specific needs of the business, rather than trying to do it at an average in the corporate center. So I think it's driven better prioritization and better decision-making, especially given the fact that RBIS and Materials are such different businesses at different -- they sell them to different markets, different competitive dynamics, and therefore, have different priorities. So I actually think this is a much better methodology of prioritizing investments in our business. Okay. Well, I guess there are no other questions. Just to sum up, we're very pleased to announce the deal for Office and Consumer Products and Designed and Engineered Solutions this morning. We'll work with CCL to plan the transition and complete the transaction as quickly as possible. Last May, we set out our long-term goals for you and committed to focusing the company to ensure we can deliver on them. We accomplished a great deal of that work in 2012. Our employees did a remarkable job of serving customers and improving quality and service while executing our restructuring plans, and I want to thank them for their efforts and their dedication. But while we're pleased with the progress we made so far, we know we have more to do and we're focused 100% on completing the restructuring and delivering another year of double-digit earnings growth and strong free cash flow. Thank you, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Mitchell R. Butier: So as far as the range, volume is obviously a key factor in the move between $2.40 and $2.80. Also, it is just what the trends are around -- within that volume, if we prefer to break it down, which categories we see the most growth in. So as you've -- we've talked about the last 2 quarters, we've had higher-than-average growth in some lower-margin categories, in Pressure Sensitive, so it would just depend on the product mix within next year as well. As far as the raw material costs, we -- there's been some movement in a couple of categories. But overall, relatively modest. We're working to manage it. We don't have any significant change as far as the net impact between price and raw material costs baked into our guidance for '13 versus '12.
Mitchell R. Butier: Nothing's improved in the quarter. As far as our overall intent and objectives, we said we want to have a strong balance sheet, good financial health and that's very consistent. We continue to improve our ratios modestly over time. We -- one thing, when we talk about our financial ratios, we talk about simple net debt-to-EBITDA. Obviously, that's a proxy for our total leverage, which includes the pension. And so when we divest these businesses, the way we're going to de-lever is by topping up the pension.
Mitchell R. Butier: So there's a few things hitting the other accrued liabilities. You have your rebate accruals, which tend to build up throughout the year; variable compensations, so annual bonus, which tends to build throughout the year. You also have the impact of currency. The currency rate for the euro went up within the quarter as well, so a number things. So to answer your question, it's a number of factors building it, the first 2 factors I mentioned would have it come back down again in the first quarter. If you recall, Jeff, our cash flow is rather seasonal. Q1 is the lowest, it's actually negative. One, that's because we're building working capital, traditionally for OCP, but also for RBIS, but it's also when we pay out bonuses and pay out some rebates.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes. That's because most of the RFID sales, the one vertical that was really taking off, was in apparel, so through the RBIS channel. So RBIS was procuring all the RFID inlays from our RFID division. So that's one of the reasons we've integrated it, just because that's the biggest vertical that's taking off, just to streamline the operations.
Mitchell R. Butier: And just to add a little bit to that, if you look, pulling China aside, so far what we're seeing is North America up somewhat and Europe actually down. So that's consistent with our full year guidance. That's when I gave the regional outlook as well. And one thing, when you look, it's important to remember core growth. We did say that change in our fiscal year end added about 1 point of growth. So if you adjust for that, our core growth was relatively consistent for the whole quarter, with Q3.
Mitchell R. Butier: Primarily, so that's where the 2 primary areas of focus will be. We have -- we know how much we want to de-lever and then we are going to make the final determination about how much exactly the pension versus reported.
Mitchell R. Butier: Yes, so as we've said before, so we don't comment on the timing or amount of share repurchases, but we look at a number of factors when evaluating the pace and speed with which we repurchase. So one is the timing of free cash flow. One is also just the intrinsic value of the stock relative to where it's trading and including recent trends, as well as just looking at the other uses of capital, looking at what the dividend yield is that we have to pay versus cost of debt and so forth. So that's the overall assumption. As you can see, our average share count for the year implies a degree of share repurchases.
Mitchell R. Butier: The ratio is still roughly the same, as we've said before. So it's about 1/3 growth, principally being in emerging markets, capital requirements; 1/3 maintenance for mature markets; and 1/3 IT.
