Mitchell Butier: Good day, everyone. And Garrett, congratulations on your new role as Head of Finance for LGM, you've done a great job leading Investor Relations and FP&A over the last few quarters. And Cindy, welcome back. Greg and I and the rest of the investment community we're looking forward to partnering with you again.
Mitchell Butier: So, specifically there is a number of factors that Greg talked about, one is around the holidays that are impacting thing, so Easter had a negative impact in Q2, benefited Q1. We saw that in Q1. We talked about the impact of the pull forward from the price increase in China, what benefited Q1 and we anticipate that would hit the Q2. And then between Q2 and Q3, the move forward of Ramadan has an impact in Middle East, North Africa as well as South Asia, that should benefit Q3 and it didn't hurt Q2. And then combined with just what we’re seeing and our business is trending through, June was better than the other months as we went through the quarter. And our shipments first three weeks, we have very limited forward visibilities, first three weeks were up mid single-digits across LGM as well. So, a combination of factors trends within the quarter, discrete holidays and timing matters that we can point to around pricing or holidays is really what's driving us to that Ghansham. Now that's - I think your overall point we have limited forward visibility is spot on, that’s why the full range of our guidance we still have a full point of topline growth range, built into our model reflecting that but we wanted to communicate what we’re seeing within the quarter and going into Q3.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, operating margin did come in where we expect them to be relative to the growth and the growth is coming in strong both RFID, as well as strength within the base. Now if you’re looking for more operating leverage on year-over-year comp matter, comparisons that is, we do have more compensation accruals - incentive compensation accruals built in this year than we did last year. So, again the normal flow through and we’re incentivizing the management to hit the aggressive stretch targets that we built within this business, and so we have more compensation expense in the quarter than we otherwise would.
Mitchell Butier: So our M&A pipeline is robust and we continue to work it and calling the exact timing of when things may or may not happen is always difficult. As far as our strategy, our strategy is bolt-on acquisitions of the size that you've seen with Mactac and Yongle, as well as capability building acquisitions similar to what you've seen within Finesse and Hanita. So that is the overall focus. And part of that is just a result of the reality of the markets which we’re in and our position within them as well. So that’s as far as general size, we don’t say overly limit ourselves, that’s generally how we think about it as far as what you should expect and what we’re focused on.
Mitchell Butier: George, we track a lot of the - some of the broad indicators. But the thing is that, a lot of the indicators you will look at are U.S.-denominated in U.S. market isn’t where we’ve seen some of this volatility of growth or impact from holidays and so forth, and quite as much. So, I think, reading the headlines on the impacts within India, specifically, as far as the what’s going on around inventory levels that was - we expected as - that one to press both Q2 and some of Q3 and seeing what the headline are on that would be one way to track that. The impact of the shift of Ramadan is just moves forward a little bit every year. And so, we’re seeing - going to see that move. So that one - I guess, just - it’s hard for you to tell exactly what the impact would be for us. And then, generally, just everything else you track, let’s say lot of external indicators people look at are not - are tend to be U.S.-centric and that’s not really where we’ve seen the volatility. And then, on the RBIS side focusing on apparel imports both in the U.S. and Europe would be key indicators to watch as well.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, let me start with the question on the emerging markets, I think the LGM emerging markets, overall we did continue to see growth in most of Asia. We did have a little bit of a - we still continue to see single-digit or high single-digit growth in India despite the GST implementation we’ve talked about, a little bit lower than our previous pace had been but still continue to see good growth, and we continue to see growth in China year-to-date basis in the high single-digit range. So overall, I think we do continue to see the growth there, a little bit lower than I have been previously - certainly in Q1 where we had the impact of the price increase prebuy as well. But overall we did continue to see growth in the emerging markets, which are typically higher margin from that perspective and that enable us to - to be able to keep that overall margin impact.
Mitchell Butier: That's - increasing e-commerce has been a trend that has helped to support our growth both in variable information labels within materials as well as to some extent within RBIS. In the quarter, it was a little bit slower, VI relative to everything else, but these growth rates can jump around, I mean, it was upper single digits for a quarter and then lower, so these can jump around quarter-to-quarter. So they’re a little bit slower specifically within the quarter, but general - the general thrust is that that will continue to be a tailwind and be a growth driver for us going forward as it has been in the last couple of years.
Mitchell Butier: If you’re just speaking specifically about LGM, what we see around the globe, I would say in the mature regions, we don’t believe we’ve lost share. If anything, we potentially expanded share, and now you recall in North America, we said, we thought maybe we ceded some share late last year and we’re making adjustments to recover and we do believe we’ve recovered there. Within Asia, we’re not - we don’t believe we’ve seeded any share over the cycle, I will say specifically in Q2. One of the things, we’re looking at, we’ve raised prices in China, and we’ve talked about the importance of our leadership position within the market, and leading out with price when there is inflation. And we sometimes have near-term share challenges for a couple of quarters, but we usually within a couple of quarters of that, we adjust and cycle that through, and that’s something that we just - traditionally, we’re seeing, when we do price increases, we got to be - have the courage to push it through, and sometimes it has near-term share consequences. We haven’t completely worked that through yet, because we’re still only a few couple months after that price increase. So, generally no, but you’ve really got to look at market-by-market. Latin America, we continue to take shares, our position. Europe, it looks like we continue to take share. North America, we reversed the share loss. And China, we may have some share deterioration, but we will see that as near term.
Mitchell Butier: So, when we’ve taken about pricing and the strategic pricing adjustments, we’ve started talking about a-year-and-a-half ago. We saw an opportunity to dramatically reduce our variable costs, particularly the raw material components that we were using, and moving more to local sourcing. And so, we started adjusting our pricing before we had localized that raw material sourcing, and then that was having a negative impact on the bottom line. We’ve cycled that through, I believe we cycled through that in Q4 of last year from a margin perspective. Now this business is a custom business, so we’re always pricing the various components where they need to be relative to the specifics - the specs that the retailers and brands need. Our variable margins remain high and we’re growing in the base business. So price, because it’s a custom business, it’s hard to compare a 2x4 tag that is three color with a 3x1 tag that is four color across cycles if you will. But generally, it’s competitive market, we actually think that this new strategy we have enables us to grow profitably and meet more what the customers need are.
Mitchell Butier: Jeff it's really a region by region story. So it’s tough to give you global perspectives on it. It is modest overall. But just going around the regions, Q1 we had been seeing inflation. In China, we raised prices and that was going in Q2 having a positive price impact in Q2, but negative volume impact because a lot of the volume was pulled forward as talked about. In North America, we’ve put out several warning letters that if the inflation we are seeing from Q1 to Q2 continued, we would raise prices that has abated, so we did not raise prices, so that did have some downward pressure on margins in the quarter that should abate. But now we’re seeing paper inflation as Greg mentioned in a couple of regions including Europe, where we are going out with the price increase. So, you really have to look at it region-by-region and this is just something managing these levels of moves of inflation is just part of the day-to-day focus of the leadership and deciding when to raise prices and when not to, and that’s really the kind of environment we’re in. We’re not in a big inflationary, deflationary environment right now, it’s very modest as Greg said.
Mitchell Butier: It’s up in the mid-teens or so and more than 20% in the quarter. If you recall Q1 was growing sub 10%, as a result of tough comps the previous year.
Mitchell Butier: Yeah, the capacity additions have - they come in, in waves and so there was a very little capacity addition in North America for quite some time, and yes, the pace of capacity adds has - if you look at just a very short couple of year horizon has outstripped it. Now, the key thing to understand within our industry, capacity that’s added can still be scaled up slowly, starting with one shift, two shift and so forth, and that’s what we’ve traditionally seen, that’s what we do, that’s what we see happens within the market. Also capacity adds tend to precede potential planned capacity reductions as well. And so when you look over the long run, you’ll see ads coming in and then assets taken offline. Very similar to our own expansion a few years ago within graphics, we expanded graphics line in one side, and then reduce some capacity another couple of years later. So, this is larger - we’re going through a wave of capacity additions right now Jeff. When we look over the long run, this seems to be what you would expect for an industry that’s growing like ours is.
Mitchell Butier: It falls within the normal variability that we would often see within a particular product line. So, nothing specific to call out a broader trend that we’re seeing. It was growing - grew faster than we expected within Q1. We often don’t give the product line outlook by region, I share that because, but if you look at the puts and takes of the various product lines this falls right within the normal variation. If it were to continue for another quarter or two then that would be a different discussion, but this is part of the normal choppiness we see within our product lines.
Mitchell Butier: So we share what’s going on within the market, and when we do a price increase we lay out the basis and the reasoning and that’s why some of the price increase tend to be focused on the paper categories because that’s where we’re seeing, where we’re not talking about films right now and price increases. So, we show the impact of the inflation that we’re seeing and a lot of that is to help the converter layer then be informed so they can go further on to the end users to work through price increases that they may need as well. So that’s the environment we’re in, and that’s what we’re working through right now, and these - you got to keep perspective in that, these are relatively modest at the total company level, where we’re going out as target price increase, where we’re seeing inflation for certain components where we need to pass on price increase to particular customers that are affected by this inflation and this is going on every year. Over the last few years, Latin America, it was raising prices because they had a lot of inflation in local currency and we’re constantly raising prices that was just part of the MO down there. So this I would say is part of normal doing business and what we’re working through right now.
Mitchell Butier: So I think destocking, we have talks about often being as far back in the supply chain as we are destocking offerings what can drive moves for a couple of months and I would say that would be the primary thing to focus on. The overall general trend within e-commerce would be - expect it to be a continued driver for variable information and intelligent labels at large.
Mitchell Butier: Well, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call today. A lot of great things going on within the company and we’re looking forward to continuing to execute our strategic priorities and delivering for everybody including our investors over the long run. Thank you very much.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, during the quarter, as Mitch mentioned overall Europe also picked up as we move through the quarter, overall our growth rate in Europe was in the low single-digit range similar to North America. But Europe was impacted a little bit more by the holidays with the Easter timing as well as, as Mitch mentioned some of the Muslim holidays at the end of the period as well. So we do expect to see that return a little bit closer to where we have been previously as well.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, so overall, our guidance increased to $0.25, roughly $0.10 of that is due to operations, and the other $0.15 again is the net impact of tax currency and share count. Overall, I think it is a little bit of mix improvement, and a little bit of productivity improvement. We did range or did raise the outlook on restructuring, as we continue to execute very well on the restructuring initiatives, particularly within RBIS. We continue to drive productivity as we always do in the LGM business as well. So overall, we feel good about the margin outlook and the trends that we’ve been seeing.
Gregory Lovins: We're not really seeing any real material moves in across different - across the overall in our commodities. As we mentioned a quarter ago, we were seeing some increases in chemicals going into Q2 that we expected to be somewhat short-lived, and it looks like those will be somewhat short-lived. We do see some increases in paper and pulp as we go into the back half, and there’s a couple of areas or regions where we see that, and in those areas we'll be increasing prices accordingly, but overall relatively immaterial impact across the different commodity categories.
Gregory Lovins: As far as on the RBS side, I think that rule of thumb is a good one. It may shift down a little bit as the mix of business shifts more to RFID, those have high gross profit dollars per unit, but the variable margins, especially at the pace that we’re investing in business development that the variable margin might be somewhat lower, the absolute margins are higher than the average, but that would be one subtle shift over time, and I’m talking about over coming years. As far as what we’re seeing within the business, within the margin profile that incentive comp element is a - would make up the difference for what you’re looking for year-over-year George.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think the geographic mix is driven largely by the growth in emerging markets as well as the good growth that we’ve seen in Europe over the last number of quarters. And as we continue to do acquisitions, much of that is based outside of the U.S. at this point, with a lot of it being in Europe and some of it being in Asia as well, which typically have lower overall corporate tax rates as well. So, some of that all contributes to the favorable geographic mix that we’ve seen so far this year and that we expect to continue to see going forward.
Gregory Lovins: I think year-to-date - I mean, our margin performance continues to be driven by a number of things. Some of which Mitch mentioned is well around the growth in higher value categories. So, we have higher single-digit growth in specialty and durables, which typically - as we’ve said, with our higher value product categories have typically higher margin for us as well. So, that continued mix benefit we saw in the first or in the second quarter, and that’s part of where we expect to continue driving growth and improvement in our margins overall in the LGM side as well. As we said, we had a little bit of a net headwind from pricing raw material cost in Q2, but overall, relatively modest and relatively modest going forward at the back half of this year. But I think, longer-term, it’s really driven by the strategy around focusing on higher value categories as well continue to get more disciplined in the base and continue to drive productivity in our base business. Both of those things in combination and what - continue driving our margins in LGM.
Gregory Lovins: Overall, relatively flat in balance of the year sequentially. As we said, we saw a little bit of pickup in chemical costs in the second quarter. We expect that to moderate a bit at the kind of tail end of the Q2 and into Q3. And we are seeing a little bit of a paper increase and really dependent on the region. In Europe, we’re seeing a little bit more of an increase in paper than maybe some of the other regions. But overall, relatively flat in total. But again, chemicals are coming down a little bit, paper going up a little bit.
Gregory Lovins: Overall, I guess, I will start. We continue to have with where we are in our debt ratio as I mentioned ample capacity to continue to fund M&A and to continue returning cash to our shareholders. On the M&A front, as we said on capital allocation, we do look at the pool of funds for M&A and share buybacks somewhat fungible, and we had a little bit more M&A in the quarter than we obviously did in the previous couple of quarters. But overall, we did continue buying shares back in Q2 and we’ll continue doing so in a disciplined manner. Overall, I think, our approach isn’t changing, our strategy isn’t changing there. We’re going to continue both being disciplined on the M&A front as well as on the share buyback front. But our strategy is not changing towards continuing to return cash to shareholders overall.
Gregory Lovins: Generally no and our impact in Q2 is relatively modest sequentially Q1 to Q2 largely driven by the chemical inflation we started to see in the back half of the first quarter. But again most of that we expect to have been moderated. We are seeing some pockets as I mentioned before in paper in particular, but we’ll look to manage that through productivity and/or pricing where necessary.
Gregory Lovins: I think there is also variation by region as we’ve talked about before as well. Some of the chemical costs are part of what led us to the price increase in China in the first quarter and to a lesser extent some increases in North America for chemicals weren’t is a bigger factor, it’s small overall anyway but not a bigger factor in Europe, where Europe we’re seeing paper go up. So it is different by region and by commodity across the regions as well.
Gregory Lovins: So I think, comment I made earlier was more about where we had ended the year before - year-to-date last year, our levels of working capital are relatively similar. And in Q2, we’re relatively similar to where we’ve been over most of the last year or two. It’s just the starting point for this year. At the end of last year it was a little bit lower than it had been the year before, which led to a different free cash flow impact year-over-year. I think overall when we continue to look at working capital, we do have some pressure some of the acquisitions we’ve made typically have higher working capital ratios than what we have. Such part of the improvements, we’ll be looking to drive from some of the acquisitions as well as we go through the back half of this year and into next year also. But overall, not much - I wouldn’t expect much significant change one way or another in terms of our overall working capital ratios as we go across the next number of quarters.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, I think, we’ll start out at a little bit higher level, and then over the course of a few quarters, we’ll be continuing to working to bring those levels back down towards what more like what our average would be. It really depends on the business as well. Certain businesses have different levels of inventory, depending on the type of business, but overall, we’re continuing to drive inventory in other working capital components more towards our average.
Gregory Lovins: So two questions there George, so within LGM specifically, I think, what you’re asking is broader trends specifically and as things moved to e-commerce, was that having effect on labels? And we’ve talked about one of the big advantages of our products are the shelf appeal. But if you think about household and personal care and so forth, one of things just pure e-commerce companies are looking for, to still have that moment of truth and people having some type of attachment to the brands that they’re buying. And so the physical decoration of the product is still an important aspect and we’re actually working with some of the e-commerce companies for how to further improve that moment of truth, so it’s not just a dirty poly bag being thrown on your porch, when you’re buying something that - a brand that you’re trying to connect with. So, those are works in progress, but overall we’re not seeing a big shift or impact on the branding side of labels, variable information labels, we see this is a tailwind and will continue to be a growth driver for us as we we're talking about earlier. Then industrial and healthcare materials, like many of our business is competitive, the difference is within that segment, it’s large, we're Tier 2 player and it’s growing well ahead of GDP, and it tends to be specified category. So, when you get specked in, you’re specified on your own or you’re one of two that are qualified for a particular program. And that - I wouldn’t say there is, it’s a competitive environment as every industry that we’re in is, but I wouldn’t specifically call that, I’m seeing some large competitive response. This is a type of industry where we still see lots of niche players even as an industry is growing like this, these ones are that we’re going after, you tend to still have new entrants and a number of companies, but there is plenty room for everybody to win, so that’s more how it characterize that broader space.
George Staphos: Good morning. Thanks for the details. Again, congratulation to everybody. Cindy, we thought you were sick of us, you’re back for more, so...
George Staphos: Hopefully, congratulations, and first condolences, but now you've had. There you go. I wanted to come back to the extent that we can talk about this and I realize and Ghansham brought it up as well. You don’t have that much visibility on your business given the very, very short lead times that you have. So if you were in our seat, trying to track Avery through 3Q and trying to determine whether that pick-up in volume in LGM has sustained itself, which parameters, which data points in the public domain would you have us watch recognizing there’s not going to be anything that’s particularly good in terms of that effort? And then, I had a couple of follow-ons obviously.
George Staphos: And my last question, I’ll leave it here. Can you comment, put a number on, however you would have us to think about it, to what benefit you might receive from again increasing e-commerce and what that means for your business? And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
George Staphos: Two last ones from me, and I’ll turnover. First in terms of broader trends that you’re seeing here in the LGM business, what could you share about what you’re seeing in terms of adhesive technologies, requirements specifically being placed upon label and here what I’m thinking about is to the extent that again, we’re seeing shifting in channel from traditional retail to online, is that bringing about any kind of change in the label that’s applied on the primary package, and if there is anything that you see as being discernible there would be interested? And then, switching gears entirely in terms of IHM, are you seeing any, I don’t know, more intense competition from your peers as you’re trying to grow into those markets relatively to what your expectations would have been? And if you could provide any color even if there’s been no change in your view that would be helpful? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
