Deon Stander: Thanks, John. And hello everyone. We delivered another strong quarter with EPS of $2.42 in the second quarter above our expectations and are raising our full-year guidance. We now expect earnings of $9.30 to $9.50 per share for the year, and are targeting roughly 20% earnings growth compared to prior year. Materials group continue to demonstrate its resilience in the second quarter. Again, delivering significant volume and margin expansion as we lap the impact of downstream inventory destocking last year and drive productivity across the business. Label volumes in Europe and Asia were above our expectations, while slightly below expectations for North America. Broadly, retail volumes remain soft relative to long-term trends. As consumers continue to deal with the cumulative effects of high inflation, and we are not anticipating this to change in the second half of the year. Solutions group delivered strong top-line growth in the second quarter driven by both the base and high-value categories and expanded margins. The retail apparel channel was stronger than we expected. Despite retailers and brands remaining cautious in their near-term sourcing plans, most have now met their targeted inventory levels following more than a year of destocking and volume has normalized quicker than we anticipated for the upcoming back-to-school season. Year to date, enterprise-wide intelligent labels grew mid to high teens. In the second quarter, strong growth in general retail and logistics continued, while apparel was also strong as customers normalized order volumes and new rollouts continued. For the year, we are now targeting to deliver more than 20% volume growth and mid-teens sales growth in our intelligent label’s platform driven by a rebound in apparel and adoption in new categories. We anticipate sales growth in the third quarter will be similar to the rate we delivered in the first half. As for the fourth quarter, while likely a record revenue quarter, we expect growth in the quarter will be lower than previously anticipated primarily due to the timing of customer rollouts. As we have shared in the past, new customer rollouts can be uneven, particularly new categories as well as by comparison to initial volume builds for new program adoption in prior years. I have high conviction in the significant long-term growth of our intelligent labels platform as we connect physical items with digital identities. In the near term, we are focused on accelerating adoption in key verticals such as food and logistics. Overall, the ability of our solutions to help address inventory challenges such as labor efficiency, waste, transparency, and consumer connection in very large volume categories like logistics, retail and food is increasingly resonating with customers. Key pilots and rollouts are delivering significant value and compelling proof points for broader segment adoption. We continue to invest to capture the significant opportunity ahead as we grow the size of the overall industry further advancing our leadership position at the intersection of the physical and digital. Stepping back, the underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. We're exposed to diverse and grain markets with clear catalysts for long-term growth. We are industry leaders in our primary businesses with clear competitive advantages in scale and innovation. We have a clear set of strategies that we continue to evolve over time and are key to our success over the long term and across a wide range of business cycles. Those strategies are to drive outsized growth in high-value categories, grow profitably in our base businesses, lead at the intersection of the physical and digital, effectively allocate capital and focus relentlessly on productivity and lead in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. We remain confident that our strategies, along with our team's ability to execute in dynamic environments will enable us to continue to generate superior value creation through a balance of GDP plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter and raised our guidance for the year to deliver nearly 20% earnings growth in 2024. And while we are increasing our outlook for the year, the environment remains uncertain and warrants some degree of caution as we move through the second half, I want to thank our entire team for their continued resilience focus on excellence and commitment to addressing the unique challenges at hand. With that, I'll hand the call over to Greg.
Deon Stander: Yes. Hi John, this is Deon. Thanks for the question. I'll handle the first part and I'll ask Greg just to comment on the second. I will just say that our original outlook for the year, when we planned the year called for lower revenue growth relative to the volume growth that we planned. We are now targeting, as I said in my said in my notes, 20% volume growth this year with mid-teens revenue growth. We anticipating Q3 that we are going to see a similar growth rate for revenue as we've seen in the first half of the year. And now we expect revenue growth in the fourth quarter to be lower than previously anticipated, largely on volume changes as it relates to customer rollout timing. There's a small element John also of mix and you'll recall that we have different price points across different segments and products and use cases, but they all typically have the same margin profile, which I'll remind everyone is still above the segment average. And then finally, there will also be some deflation-related pricing impacts. I will say on that point that you recall, if you recall during ‘22 and ‘23 during the supply chain shortages, we did see inflation across the business including an IL and which we are now addressing in the last few quarters over here. If I turn to specifically the customer rollout pieces there are two elements to this. This is one ongoing rollout with the existing customers and then also anticipated rollouts from pilots that have moved slightly in their timing. This is not unusual. We've spoken in the past about when you have new adoptions in new categories, timing can tend to be uneven move intra quarter. On our existing customers, there's two elements where we are seeing some volume impacts now as it relates to our existing customers with existing rollouts. One is, the comparison with inventory builds in the launch phase in prior year. It's largely a fourth quarter issue on logistics. Secondly, as our customers move through their adoption journey, taking into account things like new category adoptions, kind of mostly in general retail and also infrastructure readiness, are they ready to take on the next elements of their journey? And sometimes that's just a timing issue, and that's mostly in logistics. I will say, John, that with all of our customers, whether they be in pilot trial or rollout, they're continuing to see significant value and returns on investment in leveraging this technology. And I would argue and having spoken to them that their conviction in the adoption, the technology is even higher. And in additionally, we continue to see real strength in our pipeline across all segments. Underpinning again, my conviction that this long-term growth opportunities, this platform is significant.
Deon Stander: Let me deal that. Yes, at the high level, the variances are largely in our labels business from a volume perspective, largely in Europe. And then from apparel, where we've seen, sooner than expected normalization, that still will also continue during the second half of the year. On apparel specifically, I think there's a couple of dynamics of play over here. Certainly, the macro environment still remains very uncertain and apparel is largely driven by consumer sentiment, which is not robust. It's also true that what we've seen more recently in discussion with our customers there is that their inventory levels are now at where they would need them to be off? This is after a year of continuous destocking. And we're starting now to see some degree of uptick in import volumes and typically our volumes precede those. So, our performance in Q2, which is slightly ahead of expectation, which suggests we'd see more uptick in import volumes across the two segments across North America and Europe as we move forward. I think the only other piece I'd call out is that, as always in apparel, you get a vast range of variances in terms of how customers do. Some of them are doing very well, some of them are not doing so well, and that's probably reflected in some of the earnings releases that you've seen more recently.
Deon Stander: On the first one, we've not necessarily seen any visible signs of apparel pull forward as a result of tariffs. I think there is clearly a lot of discussion amongst retailers as to what the likely outcome will be of a, a more tariff intensive future, if that turns out to be the case. But at the moment we've not seen anything you recall in the second quarter. What we did see was some degree of pull forward from the third quarter as it related more to the Red Sea shipping crisis that was happening with goods having to go around the Cape of Good Hope rather than go through the Sue Canal. There's an element of that, but generally when we look across it, we don't tend to see anything that suggests there's been some degree of pull forward. There may be in tiny bits as well. I think our observation of where we've been in the second quarter as a release is that it's just being slightly more, a slightly quicker normalization of volume and apparel than we'd anticipated. We said it would start from the second half of the year and we said clearly seen a little bit earlier than that. As it relates to volume and revenue passing for IL. I think if you look back over the last five years, George, I characterize that we've always seen that ASPs have declined in the past, typically in that kind of mid-single digits range. That's not unexpected as the technology curve is ramped up and more volume has come to play and actually those declines in time have actually also helped accelerate new segment adoptions and unlock new opportunities. I think as we moving forward, I believe we'll see some moderation in those type of declines largely because some of the bigger gains have already been made and we're continuing to lean into where we see our scale and scale advantage particularly in our innovation process, manufacturing and innovation at the product level, which we think has fundamentally underpinned our competitive advantage over this period and we believe will continue to underpin our competitive advantage moving forward. I think at the end of the day pricing is that one element that has come to bear in the market. I think the bigger element as we move forward is the value creation that customers are seeing, which is a very pertinent discussion that we're having with customers now is what value are they creating, which is why the ROI is looking so high. And the more that we move to enabling a broader solution, being that kind of one throat to choke for customers across each node of that ecosystem, the more likely we are to capture more value in that regard.
Deon Stander: Sure, Mike. Let me clarify exactly for on logistics. This is not an impact of rollout. The rollout has largely -- at least for our large logistics customer has been done as we went through the back end of last year. The biggest quarter was the fourth quarter in which we both rolled out and deployed and then we've gone through this half -- this year is basically servicing that, albeit like to say on lower overall parcel -- softer parcel demands across the market. As it relates specifically to the question around what happens in the timing, I made the point of saying that we see the greatest variance of timing relative to our expectations, typically in new pilots that are moving to rollout and often in these newer segments. We saw the same in apparel, Mike, when we first started. You have an estimate of timing. There's a number of factors that come into play at that point, not just the returns that the customer is going to see, which so far proved to be very, very good, but also the timing of how they then culturally adopt that either in the supply chain or in the stores or both. And sometimes that can change according to their own specific dynamics. The typical movements we see are intra-quarter within a year and typically in a 12-month basis. So, anything that we see that may be slightly delayed in 1 quarter typically tends to move forward to the second or third quarter there afterwards. As to your question on deflation, it's been part of our core strength as a company is relentlessly driving productivity. I touched on that earlier in my prepared remarks as well. And we've taken that approach significantly in our Intelligent Labels platform. I think it's one unique piece that we are able to bring to bear. If you think about our Materials business is the world leader in roll-to-roll process manufacturing and the capability that goes within that and we've been able to leverage that capability to apply to a new segment that has enormous volume growth potential in our IL platform. And so being able to apply that capability has given us a significant advantage when it comes to the cost of manufacturing of our items. It's something we're constantly focused on. And then as we move forward, we'll continue to leverage our innovation on material science innovation, our process innovation and our solutions innovation to further augment how we're going to create further value or change -- provide a further step change function change in our competitive differentiation with the rest of the market.
Deon Stander: Thanks, Josh. To your -- to your last question, the change is more in volume. As it relates to the competitive dynamics -- I'm sorry, and the timing of those customer rollouts as related to volume. As it relates to competitive dynamics, we clearly see competitive dynamics in the IL market. It's a growth industry. It's always going to attract more capital. But our focus has been on maintaining and expanding our leadership share in this. And we do this in a couple of ways, not least on the elements that I touched on, Josh, which is around our innovation at a process level, at a product level and the Solution level, but also in the way that we're helping to activate industries, we've been investing ahead of the curve to ensure that we can activate industries like logistics and life food. And you've seen the outcome of that. We are the people leading the logistics segment industry, and we're doing a similar process with some of the pilots that we're looking into food, whether it's in grocery or whether it's in QSR as well. I actually think overall that if I look forward, I have very high conviction that our capability and the way that we play a role somewhat uniquely across each node of the ecosystem of Intelligent Labels whether it's from inlay manufacturing all the way through to managing data and providing services gives us a position in which particularly when new customers come on board as they think about adopting the technology being a significant decision for their C-suite, they're looking for somebody with credibility, scale and global reach and experience to be able to do that, and it tends to position us better than anybody else. Our experience has shown over time that we then are a disproportionate leader in our share overall, something that we think even in this year, we're going to continue to maintain, if not expand.
Deon Stander: Sure, Mike. Let me just start by saying the reason why I think we have such conviction in the long-term growth potential of this platform. If you think about apparel being, let's say, a 45 billion unit and we're roughly 40% penetrated with IL now through that. Logistics by contrast is 65 billion to 70 billion units. We have just one customer in the industry that is now started to adopt. And then food, by comparison to that is over 200 billion units where they are just at its nascent stage. So, the runway for this platform in connecting physical items of digital identities is substantial and over many years to come as well. The way that I think about our ability in each one of those segments is that we are engaged right now discussions with all logistics providers. In some instances, we're doing trials and pilots. And on the food side of things, we are continuing to drive very productive pilots across both brick service restaurant and grocery. As to the longer-term volume outlooks, we have an Investor Day coming up in September, where we're going to be focusing on what our strategic plans and our outlooks are for the next 5 years, and we'll give more color at that point.
Deon Stander: Jeffrey, the only thing I'd also add to what Greg said is in last year, as you recall, when we're going through that significantly more challenging period, we did what we always do, which is to dramatically improve and strengthen on our cost management, particularly in some of our temporary costs as well. And we've seen, as volume has recovered and normalized in the second quarter that some of those temporary costs have returned as well, and you'll see that contrast factor in, in addition to the incentive comp basis.
Deon Stander: Sure, Anthony. Let me just talk a little bit about Vestcom and I'll address your second point afterwards. Our Vestcom business continues to do well and overall, and it contributes in a number of different damages, not the fact -- not least the fact that it's a high-value segment business with greater than segment average margins. but also, the access and the reach that the Vestcom business has into a lot of the food customers that we never hardly had access to in the past, which has helped us in our food initiatives around intelligent labels, but also across drug, dollar and so forth. I think this year, particularly in the second quarter, there was a degree of softness more related to the drug store challenges that you're seeing openly in the market at the moment. But I will also say that as part of a reaffirmation of kind of the value that, that business does in both providing productivity solutions, it's just kind of shelf-edge labeling in sequence and walk sequence, but also in terms of its media outlet, how you leverage that shelf itch technology to also provide consumer media promotions. We've re-signed a significant U.S. retailer for a multiyear deal again. And we're anticipating by the end of the year to get a new large U.S. retail banner as part of our customer portfolio as well. When I talk -- when you think about specifically the shelf-edge becoming more digitized, digitization is an inevitable trend that we see moving and that's actually a tailwind for us as a collective company in a large part of our solutions business as well. I will note that our Vestcom business, while it currently has a analog, let's call it, an analog shelf label, it actually is -- the strength of the is actually its data composition engine. Our business takes a huge amount of data, both point-of-sale data, planogram data, pricing data and advertising information. And through that data composition outputs currently to an analog label. We also are currently involved with most of the shelf edge -- electronic shelf-edge trials as the engine that also outputs that to an electronic shelf label, so either analog or digital. And I think that is going to be one of the strengths of this business and moving forward is that as electronic shelf labels may start to become an increasingly bigger part of retail, it will not be ubiquitous across all the stores. It will be in certain targeted segments. And so, you'll still be dealing with a mixed estate. And the people best placed to deal with that mixed estate, I believe, is our Vestcom business.
Deon Stander: Thank you all for joining the call today. While the environment remains dynamic, we remain extremely confident in our position and prospects and our ability to deliver GDP-plus growth and top quartile returns over the long term.
Gregory Lovins: Thanks Deon, and John to answer your question on margins, I think is, as we've shown over the last couple quarters, is the apparel segment or categories are normalizing. We've seen margins improve. We saw about a 70 basis point improvement here in Q2 versus Q1. I think I talked about in my prepared remarks and in our slides even, that we expect that to continue improving as we move through the back half. So, the short answer is yes, we would expect to get back to those 18% plus that we'd had, like you've mentioned, a year or two years ago. And that's an area we'd like to get back to and we expect to be able to deliver as we said.
Gregory Lovins: I think Ghansham just to answer the first part of your question, yes, the two big drivers of the beat in Q2 were the better performance in materials Europe as well as the apparel is the end just explained.
Gregory Lovins: Inflation versus prior year. Overall, as I said, inflation sequentially was very low single digits versus prior year high single-digit deflation versus last year, really about half driven from paper year-over-year and the rest in chemical and film. So, a little bit of sequential from paper largely in Europe, year-over-year, still high single-digit deflation.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, George, for the question. I think the answer is a little bit of all those buckets that you mentioned. So, as we said, Europe is our largest region in the Materials business. We can see from the pie charts and the slides. And that business did have a stronger top line quarter than we had anticipated. And that, of course, helped overall from a leverage perspective. We also, as I talked about earlier, raised our expectation for restructuring savings this year. Some of that is coming in our Materials business. So that helped a little bit. And that business continues to drive strong ongoing ELS type of productivity as well. So overall, a number of factors that are playing into the quarter. I think as I've said, really over the last couple of quarters, when we set our long-term targets through 2025, we talked about targeting around 17% EBITDA for our Materials segment. And clearly, over the last four quarters, we've shown that we're on track to deliver that or better. And our expectation is we'll continue delivering at that target or a little bit above that target as we go forward. And as you know, we don't just -- you've heard us say this a lot, but it's really how we're really focused and drive the business is focusing on the balance of top line growth with margins with our capital efficiency to drive EVA and we think that's the right recipe ultimately for driving a strong total shareholder return, and that's part of the way we focus on that, but it really is focusing on the balance of growth margins and capital. And we'll continue to drive all three of those levers.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. On your first question, Jeff, I think it's probably -- I don't have that off the top of my head, it's probably a relatively even split. We're continuing to drive probably a little bit more, I guess, in cost of sales as we've driven a number of actions we talked about last year, a large initiative in Europe in the materials business. as well as, of course, we took the advantage of the lower volumes that we had due to destocking last year to drive some further productivity in the Solutions side at the same time. So, it's a combination, probably a little more heavily weighted in the quarter on the cost of sales side. Price mix, I think, as we talked about in materials, we had double-digit volume growth with top-line growth of about 6%. So, as you asked earlier, we had high single-digit, close to double-digit deflation year-over-year, price down in mid-single digits to go with that in the Materials business. On the solutions side, price and volume and revenue growth was relatively similar to slightly higher volume growth and revenue growth.
