Gregory Lovins: Thanks, Ghansham. This is Greg. So yes, just maybe to give you a view of how we're thinking about it, when we look at the full year, obviously, in the first quarter, we delivered strong volume growth of about 9%, which added a little more than 2 points to the full year growth rate. We then look at the second and third quarters, which obviously, Q2 last year was the trough in the pandemic for us. And we still had a decline of about 4 points in the third quarter last year as well. So just looking at it, if we can recover the declines that we saw in the businesses most impacted last year by the pandemic in Q2 and Q3, those quarters would add another 4 or 4.5 points of growth to the full year growth rate. So between Q1 and just recovering the declines that we had last year in Q2 and Q3 will get us to about 7 points. And then in addition to that, you'd be looking at an impact from the incremental pricing actions that we've talked about, given the inflationary environment this year. So that's kind of how we've thought about getting to that 8- to 10-point range. The strong growth we had in the first quarter, in addition to recovering the volume declines that we had last year, plus the incremental impact of the pricing.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. So I think to the last part of your question, of course, at the beginning of the year, particularly in North America - or really at the end of last year, in North America, we started to see the spike in chemicals and films with propylene going up. And we did implement a surcharge there. And I think we've also implemented a surcharge in a couple of other regions as well when we've seen some chemical increases through the first quarter. At the same time, though, as we moved through Q1, we started to see inflationary pressures continue to increase as I talked about a bit earlier. And we expect more of a sequential increase here in the second quarter, probably in the mid-single-digit range from Q1 to Q2, in particular. So from a perspective of managing that or covering that, we always take a 2-pronged approach as you've heard us talk about before, looking at material cost reengineering to take cost out as well as reducing pricing or increasing pricing to cover the rest of that. So I think overall, we're looking at over a period of time, continuing to be able to cover the inflationary pressures between those 2 levers. Typically, we do have a quarter or so lag as we've talked about before as well, and we'd expect to see a similar level here this year. We, actually in the Q1 year-over-year, still had some price down from some of the deflation we had last year.
Gregory Lovins: Jeff, this is Greg. So on working capital, I think it's a number of fronts really that we've been driving. One is, obviously, last year, at this point in time, we were seeing customers stretch payments a little bit. DSO had gone up a bit last year. And this year, that's back down 7 days or so better than it was a year ago. We've also improved our inventory turns. And our DPO isn't too much different now than it was at the end of Q1 last year. It's really just the change from prior year. And we did have as we talked about last quarter, just given the calendar shift, a little bit more of payments that otherwise would have flown into Q1 that went out in Q4 of last year. So that's really the biggest difference on a payables perspective when we look at this quarter versus others. It's not that we've made a significant change in terms or other things on a more ongoing basis.
Gregory Lovins: Yes, China had strong growth in the quarter over prior year. And last year is, obviously, when we saw more of the impact from COVID early in Q1 of last year. And China started to recover a bit in Q2 last year and then recover more in the back half. So the comp is certainly a different impact this year in the first quarter. I think from a run rate perspective, we continue to see some improvement, but a lot of year-over-year growth this quarter was really due to the comps from last year.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So I guess price, we would expect to be a couple of points this year, given inflation in that kind of mid- to high single-digit range. So again, from a year-over-year perspective, price was down a little in Q1. We'd expect it to be up as we move through the course of the year, given the price increases that were taking effect at the tail end of Q1, in particular, and early here in Q2. So we did raise organic, maybe not - or the volume growth, I guess, maybe not quite as much as you indicated. But we certainly raised it just based on the strong growth that we saw coming out of the first quarter across the portfolio really. And then as Mitch already talked about, in April, we're really seeing the rebound and especially in the businesses that were most hardest hit last year. So looking at the year-over-year comps in April isn't as meaningful just given that was really the trough month for a lot of the declines last year in RBIS and Graphics and IHM. But overall, net of the price - the preprice increase, prebuy, continue to see strong volumes as we entered April. So that's what gives us the confidence to increase the range for the year.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. I guess - so broadly looking at the years, we - as we talked about when we came into 2021 in our last call, looking at high level coming into the year, maintaining or even growing a bit our margins year-over-year, with the biggest part of that growth coming from RBS, obviously, which was depressed last year, particularly in the second quarter when the trough of the pandemic. So looking at that to recover closer to or maybe better than 2019 levels within RBIS and then continuing to move IHM towards its long-term target. So we expect to continue following that path as we look across the course of the year and continue to drive growth, particularly in those segments. In LGM, we did grow margin 2 points last year. And obviously, with the inflationary pressures here this year, wouldn't look for as much margin growth in LGM as we would see in the other segments in 2021.
Gregory Lovins: All right. Thanks, George. Just on your first question, this is really about in the first quarter of last year, if you recall, at the start of the pandemic when really retail apparel started to get impacted heavily in the month of March, we saw some delays in payments and some things happening in the market there where we took more receivables reserves. We since worked through that through most of last year. So it wasn't really an item in Q1 of this year. It's really just more about the comparison to prior year, where we had a headwind last year in the first quarter that didn't repeat this year. And then on the temp cost piece, as we talked about earlier, last year, we had about $135 million of temporary cost savings, and that was split into a few buckets. One was really volume-related items. And that was more about half - or sorry, about half of the overall savings. That's items like temporary cost reduction, overtime reduction, some furloughs, et cetera. And the majority of that, by the way, was really in Q2 of last year when we had the volume trough. And then another portion of that was incentive compensation, and the remainder was belt-tightening costs such as travel and other type of expenses like that. So the volume piece has clearly come back as we saw volume return late last year and into the first quarter as well as the incentive compensation pieces coming back here in the first quarter of 2021 as well. So it's really that last piece around more discretionary type of spend, belt-tightening type of spend that we would expect some of that to have come back already in Q1 and the rest to come back as we move through the year and people start traveling more and things like that. So we still would expect the majority of those savings to be a headwind this year versus what it was a year ago. And that would reduce a little bit - particularly in Q2, where we had the bulk of that savings last year, that would reduce a little bit of the flow-through from the incremental growth year-over-year as well.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Thanks, Josh. So I think we don't give margin targets by BU, I guess, right now for the year. But when we look at where we exited last year, and we talked about - or I talked about a few minutes ago and I think in our last call, our focus on margins for the year, we really expected more growth in RBIS and IHM. In LGM, had already grown a couple of points last year as you said, just looking more to hold that this year. And we've done that, obviously, in the first quarter, but it's not just really about price. It's a bit in the heavy amount of volume growth that we talked about in Q1 as well as a significant amount of productivity. So a lot of the restructuring costs that we talked about came in LGM, particularly in the graphics side of the business, but also with some footprint actions in North America over the last year or so as well. So it's been a combination of driving productivity and continuing to drive that over time, the ongoing every year productivity as well as periodic restructuring type of productivity that's helped drive those margins, in addition to the strong volumes that we've seen recently.
Gregory Lovins: Well, I think in addition to raw material costs, we have seen cost increases, especially in ocean freight. We've seen cost increases even in things like pallet costs, for instance, as wood costs have gone up a little bit in certain regions. So when we think about inflation, we're looking at it more broadly than just materials. We're looking at all of our input costs, freight and supplies and other things as well. And those are areas where we look to get more productive where we can through productivity actions and then also obviously, increasing price. And we take all those things into account when we think about pricing actions or surcharges on freight and things like that also.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. So the health care portion of IHM is really 2 components. One is our kind of medical tape business, and the other would be what we call personal care tapes such as diaper tapes. When we look at medical tapes over the last number of quarters, we've seen, just given a reduction in the number of elective surgeries and things like that, a bit of a reduction that we think we're kind of working through at this point, but a bit of a reduction over the last few quarters of medical tapes as a result of some of those type of activities being lower than they normally would be. Where we actually saw a decline in this quarter was in diaper tapes. So a year ago, we actually saw an increase there, partially due to some of the surge in stocking up by consumers at the beginning of the pandemic in the U.S. and Europe, in particular. And so we're just seeing a little bit of a comp headwind year-over-year in the diaper tape side in particular.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. Chris, I don't know if I'd parse out specifically. Clearly, there's a benefit from both, just the strong volumes overall on the Label and Packaging Materials side, and we saw that in the base. But we also saw strong volumes on durable labels and specialty labels, particularly in a handful of regions as well. So there's kind of broad-based strength, not just on graphics and reflective, but also in the kind of durable side of the label business, which typically has a little bit higher variable margins as well. So good mix from strong growth in those areas as well as just really strong volumes on the base portion of LPM as well.
Gregory Lovins: Yes. From a year-over-year perspective, we saw an impact, and we talked about this last year in Q1, really on the graphics side of the business within LGM. And then within the apparel business is where we saw more of that in the first quarter of last year. So that was probably in the 10-plus cent range from that perspective last year.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So overall, April, the trends early on broad-based are continuing what we saw in Q1. The impact of the prebuy from the pricing is now we're just starting to see visibility of that to our orders because when we receive the orders, we continue to ship into early April. So we do - are starting to see as far as order trends that impact a bit from the prebuy. But overall, right now, we're seeing some of the trends continuing into Q2 what we saw in Q1, which further reinforces the guidance that Greg just spoke to. So as far as - if you look at it from a market perspective, you asked about share a little bit because we have a little bit of share movement each quarter. We believe share in Q1 was comparable to what we had in North America the last couple of years over the average. And in Europe, we captured some of the share we talked about that we had ceded a year or so ago within the quarter as well. Now all that data is not finalized. That's based on our estimates. So the markets overall for mature regions actually, we believe, moderated in Q1, and that's off of a very tough comp of Q1 of last year, Ghansham. So that's kind of already baked in, a little bit of that tough comps, if you will, from last year as far as the growth within the markets, to what we're seeing. Now conversely, what you're seeing in the emerging markets, as we said, those are up significantly within LGM. So China was pretty soft. Q1 of last year was soft relatively throughout much of the year. And we saw a big, strong performance here in Q1 and would expect, as that economy continues to rebound, we continue to see good, strong momentum on volumes and so forth within that business.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Well, Anthony, so we're seeing - if you talk about end markets, automotive being a good example, we definitely would be impacted by whatever is happening in the end markets there, and the chip shortage would be impacting that. We talked about our strong growth, and that's including in automotive in Q1, even adjusting for the easier comps. So that's definitely something that should be part of your outlook. It's part of ours, for sure. We think there's also going to be some pent-up demand for automobiles as well. So that's something that we would see as a bit temporary, if you will. More broadly, if you think of RFID, so from our own supply chain standpoint and so forth, we feel that we're in a good position to continue to meet our objectives for this year, next year and so forth. Obviously, we've had to jump through a few more hoops, moving one - things around between various suppliers and so forth. But we feel that we're in a good position overall from that perspective.
Mitchell Butier: Well, we absolutely had a lot more hoops to jump through here in the quarter, particularly because of what happened in North America, John, with the Texas winter storm as I called out. So there was - we were able to leverage our global scale, sourcing material from various regions as well as just our site overall. But yes, this definitely had an impact in the entire industry, including us, on lead times. So our lead times were a bit longer than the normal 2 days. There were a few days throughout the - since that winter storm and continue to be a little bit of elevated levels overall. So yes, it has impacted lead times, not our ability to overall meet customer demands. And as far as on a relative basis, we haven't seen the share data for North America specifically yet. So I can't comment specifically on that, but we feel that we were probably in a better position on a relative basis than the broader market.
Mitchell Butier: Well, John, you said our level of excitement is increasing. Maybe we were understated in the past. We've been consistently energized about what this business can do. Yes, as far as with the next 12, 18 months, we've laid out that we expect this business to be able to grow 15% to 20% over the long term. We continue to have that conviction. And as those get on to be ever - built upon ever larger numbers, it has an even greater impact on the overall growth trajectory of the company. So as we said, we have a number of years still ahead of us on just retail apparel adoption. We see huge opportunities in other categories, food and logistics as examples. And we're looking to further build on our RFID capabilities as we build out the Intelligent Label platform. So it's very consistent with what we've been talking about, and we continue to be energized by the opportunities that lie ahead.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Jeff, I'm not sure exactly. So the China volume was quite strong, and it's coming off of a weak comp. So China last year was down. That's where the pandemic started. And it's relatively anemic through most of the year. So the comps are not as easy, I'd say, going through the rest of the year, but still relatively easy based on what generally overall GDP is doing within China and so forth. So we do expect - we've got tougher comps, if you will, in the mature regions and a little bit easier comps in China as an example.
Mitchell Butier: Adam, just to build on that, if you look at our shift in our growth outlook for the year, when we were at Investor Day, we laid out our long-term objectives of 5% plus CAGR through 2025 ex currency. And we said from 2022 and beyond, it'd be 4% plus. And basically, what we're communicating, we couldn't really tell the timing of the recovery and how quick it would come back. We knew by 2022, between this year and next, it will be fully back. And it seems to be coming in a bit quicker than our assumptions were originally. So definitely, things are picking up faster than we had anticipated for the reasons that we've talked about and Greg's referred to. But when you think about long-term perspective, think about it as we weren't sure exactly what the pace and timing of the recovery would be. It seems to be happening a bit quicker than we had - anybody had previously known.
Mitchell Butier: Well, one, there's the general - I mean, the common denominators, e-commerce and focus on consumer packaged goods broadly. Specifically within those, it's a bit different in Brazil. They've had a huge surge in COVID-19, which has a normal migration we've seen elsewhere towards consumer packaged goods. But you also have a lot of stimulus. And so a lot of money in a lot of people's hands, and they are - they're spending it. So that is a different - very different than what we're seeing in China, of course.
Mitchell Butier: So just generally, I would say it's the increase in - that you would normally see, compounded by people have - spending more time on focusing on customizing their cars and putting on car wraps and so forth. And then we also believe we've captured some share, particularly here in North America.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we think the 15% to 20% is the right range overall, George, as we've reiterated. And as far as the gating factor, if you look at within apparel, it's not our ability to roll this out or anything. It's just there's a normal adoption curve as you go through these things. And we're always - when you actually go to first adoption for a particular retailer or brand, there's a big surge for that individual retail brand, creating tougher comps for the next level of rollout, so forth and so on. So we think that's the right target overall for the business. So that's on apparel. If you look outside of apparel, I mean, it's very nascent, but we see a huge amount of opportunity there and a lot of pilots going on. And it's where apparel was 5, 6 years ago. We expect the lead time between much greater adoption and being at the pilot phase to be shorter than what it was in apparel. But that's essentially where it is. So very different whether you look at apparel, which is the primary driver of growth, if you look at growth dollars right now and for the coming years, and the newer categories we talked through. The only other thing I'll say is the pipeline has been up quite significantly within apparel even. So that was an accelerant. What happened with COVID was an accelerant within the apparel category, specifically, over the last - from where we were 12 months ago. And we expect that we'll continue to see momentum and rollouts from those customers that we're working with now.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. And Josh, just to build on just broader context here. As Greg said, our objective, we've - we're an EVA-driven company, looking from the optimum point between organic growth margins and capital intensity. And we had expanded LGM margins quite a bit going - last year. We said our objective, as Greg already said, was to hold it this year. So that's the overall context. In Q1 specifically, if you recall, we had accelerated a number of restructuring actions. We still have the temporary cost savings as well as the fact that we had the variable flow-through of the prebuy happening. And the margin you see, we remain confident in our ability to hold the margin level based on what we see now, hold the margin level that we had last year. Now that is the total across the regions. A lot of the cost pressures, both raw material as well as the other factors that Greg called out, are disproportionately in Q1 were in North America. So North America is actually having a profitability challenge right now as far as where they are. So the average doesn't necessarily tell the story of what's happening within each region. And I know a lot of us here sitting in the States can see things more of what's happening here. So there's definitely a little bit more of a challenge there that we're working through in both from driving productivity, working with our supply chain partners as well as raising prices right now.
Mitchell Butier: Yes, absolutely. So Smartrac has been a very fortuitous acquisition for us thus far, given just the continued ramp across all end markets. Specifically, your question around industrial and automotive applications, those actually, as you would expect, given the end markets, declined a bit since the acquisition due to COVID. But as far as the pipeline and the customers we're working with, the number of programs where we've already got ramping up adoption right now, we do continue to see good opportunity there. The key element here was the end market access, you mentioned, Rosemarie, as well as the just broader capabilities. They are very complementary to what we had as a legacy RFID business as well. So overall, the acquisition is meeting and exceeding our expectations on top and bottom line.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. So we're not - without getting into too much detail, overall, it's not just a by region, it's also by category. So films and chemicals is where we tend to see the broad-based level of inflation in Q1. North America definitely was feeling it first, and it's where we announced some of the first price increases in the quarter. But since then, U.S. kind of led the way, but the rest of the regions have been following as far as the raw material inflation that they're seeing. So when you look at a sequential Q1 to Q2, it's pretty broad-based overall. As far as the prebuy, we're seeing elements of that in a number of regions, but North America is definitely one and then some in the emerging markets as well. Specifically, China is where we believe that we've seen some detectable levels of prebuy.
Mitchell Butier: Yes. Thanks, George. Yes. So specifically, I would say it was just making it a priority and area of focus. If you recall, in the past, if you go back 6, 7 years ago, we had said we were going to start focusing our engineering teams and so forth, not just on driving productivity on the P&L, but also on capital intensity and improving our capital efficiency overall. We made great strides there. And then a number of years ago, we then said we also want to shift our focus towards reducing the environmental impact of our business. So on greenhouse gas emissions, specifically. A lot of it was just reducing the energy intensity of our plants as far as reducing the amount of natural gas that we use and so forth and electricity and just redesigning our processes, specifically on the manufacture of our goods and operations of our plants. So really just an area of focus, and there's not, like you said, one or 2 big things. It's a lot of little actions, and it's just about setting a goal and measuring progress and performance every step of the way and giving a lot of the visibility and attention from senior management cascaded on down. And as you saw in our new targets that we laid out through 2030, in addition to raising the bar on reducing the environmental impact of our business, both on greenhouse gas and responsibly sourcing materials, we're talking about how we reduce the environmental impact of our products, delivering innovations that advance the circular economy, continuing to reduce the environmental impact of our operations as I said, and obviously, making a positive social impact in our communities.
Mitchell Butier: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining. And once again, I just want to send a huge thanks to the entire team for their tremendous agility and just continued commitment to excellence. Thank you very much.
