John G. Russell: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. I'll begin the presentation with an overview of the quarter before I turn the call over to Tom to discuss the financial results and the outlook for the remainder of the year. Then as usual we'll close with Q&A. The first nine months have produced good financial and operational results. Our 2014 full year guidance remains on track at $1.76 to $1.78, which is at the high end of our original range. Operationally, our efforts are being acknowledged by nationally recognised surveys. J. D. Power and Associates ranks our gas utility the second highest in residential customer satisfaction in the Midwest. The gas utility's improvement from the prior year's study makes it the most improved utility in the nation. Sustainalytics, which looks at a number of sustainable factors, ranked Consumers Energy number one among peers. These recognitions are evidence that our Company is getting better every day. Looking back over the last few years, we have consistently grown 7% each year. This is our 12th year of predictable financial performance. Each year we grow earnings of the prior year's results. Today, we are pleased to provide 2015 guidance of $1.85 to $1.89, consistent with our 5% to 7% growth rate. We are confident in next year's plan and our ability to execute it. We have many upside opportunities that will keep us on track to achieve our long-term organic growth. Election Day is less than two weeks away. We have been watching the local and national races closely. The race for Michigan's Governor has remained as we have envisioned, focused on a number of non-energy issues. The challenger, Mark Schauer, is supportive of an increase in the renewable energy standard, as is Governor Snyder. We will work closely with either administration on making Michigan's energy policy one of the best in the nation. The latest polling results show that Governor Snyder is leading by 4% over Mark Schauer. The Michigan Senate is reviewing energy policy and beginning to construct legislation. Senator Mike Nofs is coordinating two workgroups, one is focused on energy efficiency and the second on renewable energy. An important issue for Senator Nofs is defining clean energy sources rather than just focusing on renewables. This definition may allow us to capture the 300 megawatt upgrade at our Ludington pumped-storage facility. As we look around the corner, we see opportunities to continue to grow the business. The election will be behind us shortly and we can begin focusing on Michigan's energy future. Next year we should see improvements with the passage of the 2015 Energy Law. Our competitive industrial rate structure will take effect late [2015] (ph). [Inaudible] time we may see a final order in our upcoming electric case. As we continue to monitor the capacity markets, we also see opportunities for capital investment that are not included in our current plan. You can see the impact of the new rate design and next year's fuel savings on electric rates. Residential customers will see rates fall about 1%, commercial customers will be down about 5%, and industrial customers will see nearly a 10% reduction. The largest energy intensive industrial customers could see base rates drop up to 15% with the new rate design, and including fuel savings these rates could drop 20% in the next 15 months. These structural changes, rate changes and fuel savings, will improve price competitiveness, competitiveness for all customers, and make Michigan more attractive for large businesses. I receive a lot of questions about how we can continue our performance for our customers and our investors. We begin by increasing customer satisfaction and adding customer value, the foundation of our business model. Every year about 400 employees leave and about 300 full-time employees are hired at lower costs including benefits. With fewer employees, we continue to do more work and improve productivity. This leads to high employee engagement and our Company ranking is among the most admired in the country. Although simple, these strategic steps drive breakthrough results year-over-year. Here's a look at two major construction projects. Cross Winds, located on the east side of the state, will begin commercial operations by year-end. With this investment, we are able to meet the state's 10% renewable energy standard one year ahead of schedule and at a cost less than plan. In the southwest part of the state, a 24-mile, 36-inch pipeline has been installed eliminating the bottleneck and completing a 90 mile span. This pipeline is capable of delivering 1.2 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Now let me turn the call over to Tom.
John G. Russell: Okay, I guess we're well-positioned. I mean the storage is full which is great after a very cold winter the beginning of this year, so the team has done a nice job replenishing the field. So I'm comfortable on the gas side. On the electric side, we're good as far as capacity for this year. The real issue in MISO and particularly in Zone 7 becomes 2016. That's when you begin to see the falloff of the retired plants, there will be capacity needs there. The debate going on today is, MISO is looking at their forecast thinking Zone 7 could be anywhere from 2,000 megawatts to 3,000 megawatts short. So from our standpoint, that's something that we're looking at. We've got plans in place so that we need to add capacity, we can, and like everybody is familiar with the plant that we were going to build, the gas plant that we decided not to and instead bought the JP Morgan plant for a much lower cost, everything is in place to move ahead with that one, expansion of the existing plants could take place. So there's lot of opportunities we have here. The big thing is we just need to see where this kind of shakes out with if MISO's predictions are right and what happens with the energy law. As Tom mentioned, there are some – if the markets begin to tighten, which I expect they will, what you may see is a return from customers who were taking their supply from third-party suppliers today return to us, and at that point that's an opportunity for us to execute some of the plans we have to build the capacity to serve their needs. So that's kind of in summary what the next two years look like, but we're in good shape for next year, the following year is the one that I think a lot more [will tell what happens] (ph).
John G. Russell: One of the things, Dan, that we're doing, our plan is not to build above the growth. So at the end of the day what we do is we look at our forecasts for five years out, 10 years out, but our planning and our construction will really follow where the load goes. So what we will do is, in the short term probably buy from the market and in the long-term build, and that may be different from most regulated utilities that build large incremental projects that go above the growth rate and then wait for several years for the growth to catch up to that. With the hybrid market that we have today, that is a disadvantage to us because if we do that we simply put what seems like free capacity on the market for the third-party suppliers to take advantage of. So ours is to build to that level of capacity, and the good news is, since most of our growth in the future will be renewable energy or growth as far as a fuel source for generation, it will be renewable energy or gas, you have a lot more flexibility in building to that level and not building above it as we did in the old days with coal and nukes.
John G. Russell: I mean I expect that to continue, Dan. The one thing that Michigan has proven with the way the team's built the plants here, the wind regime in Michigan is clearly the most cost advantageous renewable energy source in Michigan. Solar, although it's getting a lot of play in a lot of other areas, it really hasn't taken hold here. Part of it is our conditions here, the lack of huge incentives like you see in some other places throughout the country. And really if you want renewable energy here, wind resources are the way to go. So that's definitely the plan of the future here. Although I think distributed generation to some extent will take off. I think you'll probably see us doing some pilots in certain areas, because if customers want that we want to provide it for them but there isn't the great demand like we see or the economic benefit like we have for the large wind scale projects.
John G. Russell: Yes, they do, Paul. We've got about another I think a year and a half, something like that, 18 months as it is today. So if we move forward with it today in a combined cycle, we could do it, otherwise we'd have to re-permit it. But as we've talked about before, everything is in place. The sites there, we own it, we have generation on-site, electric facilities there are good, the gas facilities are good, and as we talked earlier in Dan's question if there was a need to drive and build that plant soon, I expect that the permitting process would go along very quickly.
John G. Russell: Yes, start to finish probably say three years between permitting and final construction. So nine of that would probably be, 9 to 12 permitting but we'd be doing the engineering during that time, and then 24 months for construction.
John G. Russell: No. Great question. We talked about this I think on some of the other calls, is that if the return, if the ROA customers return, that's about $150 million more in revenue to us and it's about a 4% discount for all of our customers across the board if they return. So we would probably, one way to think about is, eat into that 4% reduction to a small percent but all of our customers would benefit from that plant being built, not only in having the reliability in Zone 7 but also the fact the rates would go down not up.
John G. Russell: Yes, I mean again let's just for everybody on the call, we're not involved in the Upper Peninsula in Michigan, we don't serve there. But I think what it does, Paul, is demonstrate to a lot of people in Michigan the unintended consequences of what I would call full deregulation. I mean even though it's not but basically 80% of the load shifted from WAC to Integras and right now at least for everybody listening it looks like the impact to 50% of the customers in the [inaudible] increase in rates on December 1, and that is not what we should be in as far as a business. So, yes, I think it's going to change, it changed people's outlook about deregulation.
John G. Russell: Oh, great, alright, good. Well, first of all, thank you for joining us today on the call. First nine months were good months, they were good position for us, we're in a good position to meet our guidelines. Obviously we appreciate your continued interest in the Company and we look forward to seeing many of you at EEI over the next week or so. So with that, we'll close up the call. Thank you.
