John Russell: Thanks Glenn. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. I will begin the presentation with an overview of the quarter, before I turn the call over to Tom, to discuss the financial results and the outlook for the remainder of 2014. Then we will close with Q&A. In the first half of the year, adjusted earnings were $1.05 a share, that's up $0.22 from last year or 27%. Favorable weather was a big contributor to the first half results, along with cost savings that were implemented last year. The strong first half creates headroom that we will use to reinvest in our operations, focused on safety, reliability and customer satisfaction. As a result of our first half performance and confidence for the remainder of the year, we have raised our low end of our guidance by $0.02 from $1.74 to $1.76. Our top end remains the same at $1.78. As you know, we continue to deliver year-over-year growth based on prior year's actual results without resets. Each year, we have achieved or exceeded the top end of our guidance. This year, we are continuing to move in that direction. The low end of our guidance is now higher than the midpoint of our original guidance. Our updated guidance raises this year's EPS growth in the range of 6% to 7%, with our long term guidance remaining at 5% to 7%. The Michigan Energy Law passed in 2008 is working well. However, we see an opportunity to update and improve it in 2015. The governor has already proposed a set of no regrets principles, which we support. In June, Governor Snyder signed into law, a bill that will ensure Michigan's energy rates accurately reflect the cost of service for all customers. The Governor is focused on making Michigan competitive, and a part of that is having competitive industrial rates. The new rate design is a first key step. The Senate Energy Committee has convened a work group, in which we are participating to review Michigan's Energy Efficiency and renewable energy policies. It's likely the Group's recommendations will become part of energy legislation in 2015. Michigan's Governor Rick Snyder is being challenged by Mark Schauer. Key issues involve education, creating more jobs, improving the roads, and resolving the remaining legacy issues of Detroit. Energy is not an issue. As both candidates meet in the middle on energy policy. Both favor an increase in renewable standard, a continuation of energy efficiency, along with competitive rates. We know both candidates very well, and we will work with either to continue to improve Michigan's economy. The states economy continues to perform well. Now in its fifth year of recovery, various national surveys have placed Michigan in the top 10. The state is striving to achieve top 10 status in all categories, and is well positioned to achieve that. One of the last remaining legacy issues is the city of Detroit bankruptcy. On July 21, Detroit pensioners voted to accept pension cuts and reduced healthcare benefits. This is a major step for the city to exit bankruptcy. Our company has joined other Michigan corporations in this historic initiative, to improve Detroit's economic recovery. On the west side of the state, in our largest electric market, Grand Rapids leads the way in economic growth. Not only in Michigan, but as a top ranked city in all of the United States. The city's economic performance ranks among the best in the nation. A recent Manpower Employment Survey found Grand Rapids has the best labor market in the nation. The survey results show that 32% of businesses intend to increase staffing during the third quarter. This compares to 29% in Michigan and 22% in the United States. We are fortunate to serve this growing city. Since the EPA Carbon rules released, we have been studying them closely. We will be coordinating with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality and continuing our analysis. At this time, we appear to be in good position to meet the future targets. But the devil is in the details. Our plan is to move to a cleaner and a more balanced generation portfolio, featuring a greater share of renewable energy and combined cycle natural gas generation. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
John Russell: I agree. I think that's the right thing. Dan, I wouldn't put it in the book yet, but as Tom said, really 2015 -- by the end of 2015, we expect to have the law resolved and the opportunities here, just to give you a little bit of an idea for our conservative nature. But still, it doesn't change our growth plan, which performance and guidance, which for the forecast, is again, 5% to 7%. So there is opportunities here to give us confidence that we continue to hit that 5% to 7%.
John Russell: Greg, I'd just add too; is that, it's really a compliment to our business. It's not our core. We focus on Consumers Energy, but we just wanted investors to know. Its there. There is opportunity, but as Tom said, we don't really count that.
John Russell: The biggest change for us, the first year -- or the first part of the year, the weather was very good. The first quarter of the year, and the gas business. And one of the things I mentioned briefly is some of the aggressive cost measures, cost reductions that we have taken over the past several years, continue to pay dividends year-over-year, and those are things like some of our legacy costs eliminated, and that was going forward and so forth. So we are seeing a nice combination of a top-end growth, with the cold weather, we are able to reinvest and also the middle line growth or reduction if you will of costs. So those are the two drivers, while we are in the position we are.
John Russell: Paul, this is John. One thing I tell legislators, the way I describe energy efficiency, as Tom did analytically. I mean generally in the industry, 1% reduction in growth or energy efficiency is 100% of our load growth, and I think people that like energy efficiency which we do, talk about it in terms of percent, 1% or 2%, but that's how significant energy efficiency is, and it maybe an industry thing in those states that are pushing energy efficiency; where we are growing, we are growing with energy efficiency included in those numbers, as Tom showed you.
John Russell: Absolutely, if renewables need to be part of a balanced portfolio, we need baseload. I want to increase renewables, renewable increase also needs to be looked at fairly, with the cost of renewables. We have some pretty good wind regimes here and our wind turbines are doing pretty well. On a scale basis, they are probably with the tax credits they are, second only to natural gas generation. So on scale, I think there is potential here in Michigan to move forward. The thing that we are pretty clear about though, is when you get into distributed generation in some of the subsidies that are required to make that work, it doesn't make a lot of sense for customers, they are working to trying to reduce rates. And part of it is, we are worried about all of our 1.8 million electric customers, not just the few that may be subsidized for certain things. So in other words, what we want to make sure is that, whatever we move forward with, renewable energy, its best for all of our customers, not just a few.
John Russell: I like the plan we have. Let me state a little bit differently. We have continued to grow at -- give the guidance at 5% to 7%. For the last several years, we have exceeded the midpoint and gone to the top end of that. That is the plan that we have going forward. We have plenty of investment to make, we are worried about customers and investors. For our investors, the important thing I'd say there is, we tend to perform consistently year-over-year without resets, a couple of hundred basis points better than our peers. So the steady predictable outcome, with a dividend increase that grows with that, is really what we are trying to do.
John Russell: It would certainly add to the mix. The thing that I would look at there, is that it would take risk out of our opportunity to achieve our long term guidance. It may actually enable us to avoid a rate case. I mean, there is things that we can do with that, to reinvest it, to continue to achieve that piece. I mean, I just want to make sure everybody understands, we really take seriously, doing what we say we do. And whether its weather upside, weather hurt, it doesn't matter to us. We continue to achieve what we say we are going to do year-over-year. And that's the mindset we have here, which I think is important and I think its something that investors need to do. I think we are unique in the industry, that we reinvest favorable weather, and I tell our Board this, that's not easy to do, because we are a pretty capital intensive industry, and to move things around within the year is difficult to do. Yeah, I'd say right now, I'd continue to look at that 5% to 7%. I mean, as we illustrate some things in the future, some capital -- additional capital investments and so forth, it just positions us with higher confidence to achieve that outcome year-over-year.
John Russell: Yeah, exact -- to our customers, absolutely. I mean, our customers may see the benefit from that by additional investment in the utility, through some of the -- what we received at CMS.
John Russell: Let me talk about that, I think as Tom said, there is opportunity here. Let's wait till the law, the new law I guess comes out in 2015. I'd say yeah, most of it would be in the generation side, whether its increasing renewable energy. Whether its -- somehow we are buying capacity, obviously now we are doing at the end of 2015, with the gas plant we are picking up. We may need to do some additional capacity upgrades at some of our plants, which is incremental, and you know this Steve, but for everybody. We tend to also, with our capital investments, try to avoid the big bets. I mean, we try not to bet the farm and build massive plants. The [indiscernible] plant is something that we have delayed. Although the permits are still active, and we will probably hold on to those permits as long as we possibly can. I think the [indiscernible] plant has potential in the future, and as Tom said in his part of the presentation today, If zone seven, which is the lower peninsula of Michigan, is short by 2,000 megawatts. I mean, the way I tell politicians that, is that's a nuclear plant, that's two coal plants, that's three or four gas plants. And that shortage is predicted in 2016. So I think there will be new capacity needed, and as -- we are the best one to do it, and to save rights for our customers, we will make it happen.
John Russell: That's a great question. I'd say generally -- for general purposes, think about it, it has to be here in Michigan. And the reason is, we are on a peninsula, and there is limited capacity, transmission capacity in to and out of the state. And so there maybe some of it, with firm transmission that's outside of the state, that can get in here. But if you remember way back, in the 2000 Energy Law, when that went through, we increased the capacity come into the state, I think to 5,000 megawatts, as I recall. That has been a lot of time -- parked down since I've worked on that one, but that's about the limit. And the lower peninsula of Michigan peak load is round 25,000 to 28,000 megawatts. So pretty small percentage if you will, of the total capacity needed in the lower peninsula.
John Russell: Yeah one thing -- first of all, we want to be competitive with the market which is important to us, and we have stated that publicly. The other thing too, as we have talked about in this call, we tend to be growing faster than our peers. In past several years, we have grown at 7%, I think our peer group is about 4%. So as we grow earnings per share, I expect you are going to see the dividend growth be in line with that level. So as we continue to perform in the future, as we have talked about here today, I expect you will see the payout ratio increase to get to that higher end.
John Russell: So just think about earnings growth, which drives dividend, 5% to 7% a year. And again, that would be comped on the two to five years.
John Russell: Thank you. I would just close by making a comment about -- I am pleased with our strong performance in the first half of the year. It has given us the opportunity that we have talked about today, to reinvest back into the business to take care of our customers, and that has been our strategy. Its difficult to do, but we work hard everyday to do it, to take care of our customers and our shareholders. The progress that we have made continues, and if things go as planned and we have talked about, we will be on our 12th consecutive year of consistent and predictable performance. We appreciate everybody's interest in CMS Energy, and look forward to seeing you with the upcoming events. Well thank you for joining us today, and I think Steve was right, that this could be a record time and call for us, for a full one hour. So thank you.
Thomas Webb: Greg it’s a great question, and I am going to give you a yes and no. In 2014, yes, we are seeing a nice recovery, the weather adjusted number for June year-to-date is 2.3% and you can tell by the numbers we give you, that its driven by that over 8% industrial. We are already seeing signs, as we begin the third quarter, that's going to continue. So that's why we have upped our forecast from 1.7% for overall weather adjusted electric sales for the full year. We have gone to 2.5 from 1.7, and we feel good about that. We think that's in the right ballpark, and give us a tenth or two, we never get that part right. But we are not willing to encourage people in the future years, to plan on big load growth as what drives our earnings, because it doesn't, and we'd rather tell you, we want to be conservative, and we expect that growth to be as good as maybe 0.5%, and that's where we would like to be. It turns out, all the things that are happening makes that better. I think that's good for you, and that's great for us, and its wonderful for our customers, because it spreads the rate base across more of our customers. So I hope you work with us. We plan to be conservative in our forecast beyond 2014, and we are trying to give you the most accurate look we know how to do in 2014.
Thomas Webb: So here is what we are seeing; we talked to you about the opportunities on the capacity side, because that's where the big opportunities are. Its going to roll out, as soon as capacity prices start to recover, and we believe we are going to see capacity prices in our zone, in MISO, start to move up in the next year and two; but we are already seeing it in bilateral contracts. In fact, that's why we are encouraged by some of numbers I told you, like $3 already, if we wanted to lock it in on the capacity side. So I suspect, and I may be a little conservative, that that good news doesn't roll in this year, it rolls in next year and the year after. And our strategy, is not to be greedy, grab whatever we can get right away, or not to be greedy and wait until it gets to 7.50, and it never gets there. Our strategy is just to be prudent, and as we see some in the nice zone of -- don't hold to be a number, but a better number. We will put part of that in place for one of the combined cycles. And then we will put a little more in place, if the numbers get better. So we will like average our way in to some pretty nice numbers. So to your point, I think its going to be over the next couple, may be two years, and don't forget the energy side too. We are seeing -- we saw a nice uptick when we entered into this new contract at over $4, and then we saw energy rates come right back. So again, you can see, we are just waiting for the right opportunities, trying to be patient. And we can't tell you the day, the month, or even the year, but we know we are protected on the low side, so we are going to be opportunistic on the high side. Bottom line, I'd say over the next couple, maybe three years, you will see this sort of feather in, and I don't mean to mislead you saying, you are going to see a whole year's growth in the same year.
Thomas Webb: I would obviously tell you that, it's the residential side where the bulk of our business is. And so, we are more sensitive to that movement, as it goes up. So if there is a restoration of growth there, its going to give us more impact than on the industrial side, where we try to provide the kind of competitive rates for our big users. That doesn't make us a pile of money but sure brings more business. So I think that's what you had in mind, and that is the right way to think about it.
Thomas Webb: So on the decoupling, I'd like to fashion that as a part of the overall update to the law. Now I am going to give you an opinion, so anybody listening in could have a different view, but on that issue, I think there is going to be pretty good receptivity to decoupling for energy efficiency as you call it, energy optimization as we call it. But who knows, on this economic side, and on the sales side. I think that's up for grabs in a good dialog and discussion, and we are not hard headed about that. We want to do what the overall group of people, whether it’s the legislature, the regulators or customers and people think make sense. We are happy to pass back good news and bad news right away through decoupling, but it may only be energy efficiency. That's just a personal opinion. So now when you come to things like mechanisms for recovering investment, they make perfect sense to us, because they provide the regulatory team, the staff, the commission, even more insight to approving our capital investments, and even more insight to tracking how we are doing, and full authority, if we change what we are doing or we don't spend the right amount, up or down whatever to impact that, in a good governance way. We think this is a great way to go forward, but I think there are a lot of different opinions. So people have to think through it. Are the customers better off with this mechanism; and I believe they are, and if people come to that understanding, then I think the need for rate cases will dissipate quite a bit, and you will see us, if we had a full mechanism on our capital investment. I think what you would see, that we would come in may be every three years or so, because we will need to come back, just to true-up, maybe on revenue and the pass-through cost reductions. But we wouldn't need to come back as often. So those are up for grabs. That's part of the healthy discussion that's already underway and work group's over at the legislature, as well as the commission who will make some decisions that are very important around that in our rate cases.
Thomas Webb: Good question. Please do think about it just the way you said it. We take those proceeds to pay to offset equity and debt at the utility, and then we take those proceeds that come out of that, and we are able to put them to work, the cash part of that, to work in the gas side of the business. Now typically, when you see a securitization at a utility, its good news for customers, but you lose rate base. While this is good news for our electric customers, because we will reduce their rates, and remember, that's where we have to help, be more competitive. But then the extra capital resources that come out of that, we have got a big need on the gas side of our business. The gas side of our business is growing exponentially, its becoming a bigger part of our company every day. So this gives us another $370 million that we can put into that gas business, and of course, the rate base goes up there and you get earnings on it, but we are really doing because we need it, we have got a lot of work to do there.
Thomas Webb: Okay, it varies by business, so it goes between five and a dozen years, and it’s a benefit where you will see us, our taxes improve, because we have accelerated the -- what is a tax benefit we would have gotten over 20 and 30 years into that five and 12-year period. So its five years for electric and 12 years for gas, and that's just -- the main reason we did it, if you didn't recall, was to improve rates for our customers, to help avoid these rate cases in 2014. That's a beautiful benefit t pour through, and it doesn't damage at all the efforts we have to deliver 5% to 7% growth in the future.
Thomas Webb: So the electric is 211 and gas is 264. So the annual numbers, if it makes sense when I do the five and 12 for you, $42 million at electric and $22 million annually at gas.
Thomas Webb: That's good for this year, because its that cost of removal benefit, that's what you are seeing. And that will help sustain that level for a couple of years.
Thomas Webb: I think, let's step back and take a big picture first. We see the industrial growth having improved substantially since the recession, and we are way back to pre-recession levels, and we see that continuing to occur. So the underlying growth is good, its sound, we are comfortable, it should flow through. In fact, we are seeing things we can't talk about today, that's going to add to that growth in the future. But, let me go to a second level down, little deeper down in. We do have an anomaly, that you were observing. Last year, we had a customer that got hurt; and so you saw a little fall off in the industrial side or their share of that. This year, they are fully rebounded, they are doing great, they had a bump in the road, and that is making our numbers even bigger for this year compared to last year. So you are right in your observation of that. But now keep in mind for the full year, we see ourselves with all classes, weather adjusted at a 2.5% growth. But we are telling you beyond that, we think the right thing to count on, is something more like a 0.5% growth and maybe we are under calling it, but we are assuming that on the residential side and the commercial side, nothing is going to come up, but we might be wrong, because the hook-ups are increasing this year, but we are assuming not, and we are assuming that underlying growth on the industrial side, not that special one going up and down, will continue. And that's why we are pretty comfortable with that 0.5%. Again, I hope we are wrong on the downside.
Thomas Webb: So I don't have my old data page in front of me, and I apologize for that, but I will tell you this, if you looked at the recession, our industrial fall-off was about a point less than where the rest of the country was; and then if you look at the recovery, our industrial improvement was about a point better than where the rest of the country was, and I see that, as your best long term indicator of growth; because I see the residential and then the commercial sides following that. Now there is one other factor to consider, when you are thinking about the economy. For the last three years, whatever number we give you, includes about 1% of energy efficiency across the board; residential, commercial and industrial. So that dampens our numbers. So if we were to tell you, unless this year 2.5% growth. The underlying growth is 3.5%, but energy efficiencies bring that down to 2.5%. And its one of the reasons we want to stay conservative in the future, is because we plan to be able to deliver a full point of energy efficiency every year, that's good for our customers, and we think that's good for the business, it fits our model well, and that's why we go over to the 0.5%.
Thomas Webb: I do, I do, I do. So really we don't have negative, let me take you through that point again, let's use the precise numbers. For June year-to-date, residential is down 0.6%. So that really means, its up 0.5% before energy efficiencies. So we are seeing the hook-ups, we are seeing the growth in our economy and in our customers, and then we are helping them be more efficient, so you see the negative number. What I also think is, the residential and commercial side, we are going to tell you, we think are going to stay in that flat zone, little negative, little negative flat right, we can't predict that well. But I think we are probably be wrong, I think they will follow industrial as you go through time, and you will see some uptick. That's opinion in the last part, and the first part was fact.
Thomas Webb: So there is three things driving the next electric rate case. One is just the normal electric case. This year for 2014, we fully offset all the capital with O&M cost reductions. Next year, we are going to offset a lot of it, but not all of it. So we need a rate case. Whether its December, January, its not so critical, but we need one. Second thing is, remember we bought the Jackson plant, and we had an agreement with the seller, that we would close on that, late in 2015, and therefore we wanted to push off, when we got the approval from our commission to December of 2015. And so that all neatly goes together, that's the second reason. The third reason that we are very likely to go in December, is because we have a new rate design, and the commission now has the direction from the legislature on moving on some better cost of service oriented rate design, and for customers to benefit from that, they need to have a rate case to put it in place. We have a few customers that do benefit from some attractive rate designs that expire in January in 2016. So they are keen to make sure that there is an order out in 2015, that supports the new rate design, that they are very happy with. So we have got three pressure points since the first time in my career, I can remember people banging on me to please do a rate case as soon as you can. So it’s a little different approach, but we actually think; we want to put it off as long as we can, we don't need it for Jackson until December 2015. We don't need it for the new rate design until the end of 2015, and we really don't need the extra revenue relieved until the self implementation in the middle of 2015. So I think December-ish will probably be our approximate time of filing for those reasons.
Thomas Webb: And all of that increases the probability of performing at the high end year after year after year after year.
Thomas Webb: I wouldn't worry too much about the mechanics candidly. They are really this simple, is that we make a request for the 2015 test year, and that would be addressed in the rate case, and then we'd have this request regarding 2016 and 2017, which would be acknowledged and implemented in 2016 and then in 2017. So we get the three years of capital spending clarified and agreed to, and then the rates that would come along with it, would come along each year, so not in advance. They would come along as you need it for the year 2016, and then as you need it for the year 2017. And the reason I say, I wouldn't get too much into the mechanisms that we have requested, we are very flexible. It’s the concept we think is a really good one, and we are very anxious to work with the staff and with our customers, and all parties involved to first make sure that they see how much sense it makes for them as customers, and then the mechanism is put in place that works for everybody. So we are flexible on that, we just like the concept, and I think there are a few people who really do embrace the concept.
Thomas Webb: We got three different pieces, the cost savings are in there already, so they are kind of automated. The $0.11 that you see on that slide, and the capital investment, the 9 to 11, most of that is already automated, so I think of that as smoothly coming in, or evenly over the quarters. It’s the reinvestment part that we get to tailor a little bit, so that $0.12, we will -- I don't want to say that will be perfectly smooth, we are chickens. We will put in as much of that as we can in the third quarter without taking and risking the financial performance for the year. So we will leave some flexibility. We will take things that we know, if you don't do them early, you can't get them done, more tree trimming, we'd love to do that. We will do that early. But we will make other decisions, like the potential contribution we might make to a foundation or to low income funds. We will make that call more toward the end of the period, to ensure that we are maximizing the benefits to everybody involved, without missing our commitments we have to you. So I'd say the bar on reinvestment can move a little bit, it will move with -- do we end up with a hot summer or a cold summer, so it will flex with those things, but the cost savings of $0.11 and the reinvestment and other of $0.09 to $0.11, those are pretty smooth, those are on autopilot.
Thomas Webb: No. I might be able to, but I am going to be safe and not risk that. I don't think they would want to be advertised anyhow. I would just tell you, its with a very good counterparty that you would be really comfortable with.
Thomas Webb: The payout ratio today is 62%. And what John was trying to tell you is that, if we grew average with everybody else, we'd stay at 62%, and if we are -- if our growth rate is a little higher than others, then our Board will consider following that, and your payout ratio could be higher. What we don't want to get boxed into is, trying to predict that we'd be at 64% or 66% or anything like that. We want to be competitive as John said, and we'd like to grow at our earnings growth rate, and mind you, that we will be faster than most of our peers, which provides an opportunity. But we are not willing to quantify it.
