John Russell: We are happy to do that. Again, let’s put in perspective. You see our authorized levels of return at electric at 10.7 and gas at 10.5. And what we did is we provide you with a little sensitivity for 20 basis points, which is maybe consistent with what you’re seeing in other rate orders. Things that we could do, we have a chance to manage the level of equity that we have in the utility, there is always a little room to pull little bit more in there, we also have a chance to do it little bit better on our ROE performance. The incentives that we get there are actually calculated outside on top of the authorized ROE, and we plan conservatively on that. We don’t put all of those sort of savings into our initial plans. We work our way there. There is also the chance, of course, that we can adjust our capital spending a little bit – just tune that down a little bit, deferred a little bit, do the sort of controls we have been talking to you about for some time, and that can have an impact. And then lastly, we don’t have lot of business outside of the utility, we’re the core in the ability; but we do have a little bit in our enterprise organization as an example. And we can always tune that up a little bit. We’re looking through ways – these have been soft markets, as you would imagine for ITPs. So as we begin to see that turn, that may contribute a little bit to our earnings as well. So, we see adequate flexibility and actions that we can take to do our job, earn the authorized ROE, even if it might be a little bit lower than where it is today.
John Russell: You know, Kevin, that’s a classical answer I have to admit where it’s enticing to say that if you think the trend of ROEs is down, you want to go into a rate freeze and stay out, but it’s not where we are. As long as we have our large capital investment program going we are very happy to bring that forward each year to make sure we recover in a timely basis, the investments that we’re making and recall we are working very hard to try to go into every rate case with O&M flat to down a little bit, so we’re actually giving something back if we can bring it down to our customers and that’s our intend. The other nice thing we’ll get to recognize the portion maybe of decoupling if that changes around the economy. So that with our annual rate cases, we’re still held neutral, we get to pickup our sales and even though we’re all a little nervous about where things are going, you can see the track record on sales it’s certainly an upside, if that’s something that’s not decoupled as we go into the future. So for us it’s an annual case. There could be conditions changing in the future, nothing that we know of formally or officially, but if we are ever to track investment for example I would admit there would be little reason for us to go in for annual rate cases, but at this point in the game that’s our plan.
John Russell: Yeah, we’re not changing our focus, the 10.5% is that DTE received, or Detroit Edison, it’s just slightly below what we have in the electric business. So – no our guidance is still the same for this year and we expect to grow as we told you in the past.
John Russell: Yeah, yeah, we’ll be talking about that. I mean we expect it to grow with our earnings, but we’re also going to address that with the Board in the upcoming meeting in January.
John Russell: Yeah, that’s usually the time that we do it and as we said before we expect the dividend to grow in line with our earnings growth, but we will address it because we do know we are slightly below the average of our peers.
John Russell: I like your characterization Greg, let me just make sure everyone is clear on slide 13 because it might not be clear. What we tried to show are some of the things that are not in our $6.6 billion that are in this, I will call it, theoretical $10 billion because it’s not our plan. We have all the pipeline replacements and all the upgrades that we need to do to meet the laws. But we’d like to accelerate that sum and folks would like to help us do that. We like to do more pole replacements, just to stay ahead of the game, to help our customers. We may need new gas generation as we go through time and we certainly would like to do our smart grid faster but these are all things that are – they are things that we want and they are not things that our customers absolutely need right now. So something like a change in the WASP or environmental, those would be things that we would need to do. All those cost that we just described for the five year period are included in our plan. So they are in the $6.6 billion already. I’d mentioned when we’ve been out on the road with folks, the timing is a little bit different because with the new rulings that came out we had to adjust forward about $100 million of timing in this period, but in the period in total we were fine. So I would tell you that our goal is when something is foisted upon us if we can we’ll look for a way to rebalance the portfolio to keep the sorts of investments we need to do over the next five years at a level that keep the level of our customer rate increases down to a sustainable level. Now $6.6 billion is not an absolute number, that’s the other thing I think everyone should know. If that number were $6.8 billion or $6.4 billion or anything like that, it’s just not that big a deal, but being in that general range we think is important for sustainability.
John Russell: We are always looking at all of our business in terms of what’s the right mix of the portfolio. I am always hesitant to say that we might do this or we might do that because then somebody out there thinks it’s a plan. So if you would take that context, I would tell you we do keep an eye on the market value of the little bank that we have and the market value of the enterprise organization, and the market value of some of things in the utility, and we keep our eye on that to determine; are we optimizing for owners the right benefits? Are we earning the right kind of returns and the right kind of profitability that’s better than what we could do alternatively? And it’s why number one we have most of our investment all focused into the utility at those good ROE levels; and number two, we are always looking at options. But I will tell you; we’re very proud of the enterprise team and that little bank team with the work they’re doing, keeping their risk down, and their returns up, and providing a small but important contribution to the company.
John Russell: Yeah, that’s a good question. Let’s take it in two pieces. First of all, on the funding side, we treated like our debt – we try on the parent debt side to stay ahead about a year or two in terms of the requirements. Although the pension is much in the utility – more in utility than it is outside, we also look at that as an obligation that we have, so we look to stay ahead of the game on that. And you remember last year we funded early, and when you do that it improves your position in terms of being funded, but it also gives you a little bit of an earnings upside, to be candid. We’ll be looking at that opportunity more towards the end of this year when we see how returns and discount rates are playing out. Let me we shift gears to a second related but different piece, and that is; I’m sure you’re hearing from folks that with discount rates falling and interest rates falling as low as they are, that puts pressure on the size of the pension and OPEB liabilities, so therefore it’s a hurt. And it’s a hurt to us. There will be several pennies of penalty when that number is known at the end of the year and we don’t know it because it’s not determined until you have actual. But that cost us some earnings power. We built all that into our plans looking ahead and we feel very comfortable with what John said about the 5% to 7% growth as we go forward in time, even with those precious. But, yes, those pressures are there. I know the other side of the point that I would just mention is recall that when discount rates fall, because interest rates fall, that cost companies a little bit more because of the then higher present value of their liabilities. So it hurts their earnings. But when those turnaround come back up, it’s going to help their earnings. So our view has always been, manage it. If you got bad news, figure out how to address it and continue to meet your guidance for growth and if you got good news invest that, help your customers out if you can, if you have some surplus to do that, is that helpful.
John Russell: Yeah, I can. I think that’s a good question for 2012. Our experts do some very good modeling. And based on the information they have, they have a number – and I’ll be candid with everybody that’s closer to three than it is to two for the overall. But they see the residential, which has improved nicely this year, flattening out a little bit for next year, they see commercial coming back a little bit, because remember, that’s been flat to down. That’s sort of the last segment to follow. And those folks actually see the industrial side continuing to pick up and in their numbers closer to 7%, maybe 8%, because they see certain segments that usually trial in that recovery. Now we’re cautionary about the whole thing. And I know some people think we’re just too – on conservative. But things are pretty uncertain right now in consumer confidence, and what I tried to explain, with industrial confidence. So even though companies – and many companies are doing pretty well, and some are even expanding, they are all a little bit nervous. So we rather be a little cautious and share with you our judgment that we should be looking for something closer to 2% overall next year and if we are wrong and it’s better, wonderful.
John Russell: It is and I’ll give you a number just, yeah, it’s about in that higher number for overall in the State of Michigan about 1.5% GDP growth, is what’s in there and so therefore you can believe that we are implicitly sort of dampening that a little bit.
John Russell: Yeah, the national number hits some of our customers or companies from a standpoint it can drive automobile sales, it can drive furniture sales, it can drive those sorts of things, which comes back and hits us in our service territory. So the way I’d characterize this, this is helpful is that we have not projected even in our conservative numbers a big double dip for the nation or for the state, but we’re worried and that’s why we are being cautionary because consumer confidence has come down in the last couple of months, and when we talk to our industrial customers, John and I and coal management team partners up and talks to two or three of those customers on a regular basis. They may be doing well, their production may be full out right now, with schedules that are full out for the rest of this year, but they still worry what’s going to come out of Europe, what’s going to happen in our election process. And so it makes them nervous and in a nervous environment that’s hard to make solid predictions. What I can tell you is that the decoupling mechanism certainly give us some insulation in the State of Michigan which is a helpful thing and on top of that we just plan conservatively so that when bad things happen we are able to deal with them, if they do.
John Russell: Yeah, as far as going forward for electric we are looking at about 10.5 and for gas 10.3 and when you think about the financials where we are today as we work through the year we’ll be – we expect to be very closer at our authorized return on equity on a weather adjusted basis.
John Russell: So a snapshot sometimes doesn’t really do it because between the sales, the spend, the timing of the spend, and the equity infusion occurs it does on a rolling basis have an effect on that.
John Russell: Yeah, there – Senator Knaves who runs the Senate Energy Committee is conducting some hearings on the entire base of the standard. It’s been a few years since it went into place. Most of you hear about is the noise on the retail open access cap. I’ll tell you next week I am presenting along with the Michigan Chamber, the Detroit Chamber of Commerce, the Michigan Manufacturers Association, DTE is going to be there also, all testifying in support of where we are today and so we’re going to make a point to the Senate about how important this law is to Michigan, the jobs that’s created, the investments it’s created and we’ve got some unique positions that we’re going to talk about because keep in mind, this is a second energy law that occurred in Michigan, the first one is back in 2000 when a lot of expectations were set and very little came out of it. So that’s why the 2008 law was put into place. So that’s where we have today. I think it’s being pushed opening the cap by some customers and also because we are at the 10% cap, but also from the standpoint of some outstate suppliers that would like to get into Michigan and do some work. And my focus would be and you’ll hear it next week at the Senate hearings, we are the second largest investor in the State of Michigan and we are the seventh largest employer. We want Michigan to be successful. We are here for the long run. Our rates over a long period of time are consistently competitive with the recession that we’ve had over the past couple of years, despite Tom seeing the recovery, we’re still coming out of the recession and with the natural gas prices some of the coal fleet is not as competitive in our contracts as it used to be. But that will begin to change in the future as we see the sales come back and as we see natural gas prices increase, but not a lot and as we see the impact of the environmental rules on the fleet throughout the Midwest.
John Russell: No. This is the same group that’s been talking about it. It’s a handful of people, Ali. It’s not a group. I mean I think we’ve shared this with you. There are 300 customers taking choice today that reach the 10% level of our 1.8 million customers and those customers that take choice have shifted cost to other customers to the level of $180 million, that’s pretty expensive and if you want to raise the cap more will be shifted to other customers. That’s why groups like the Michigan Manufacturers Association and the Michigan Chamber of Commerce don’t want to see the cap raised because they don’t want to see their customers take the impact of the shift for the very small number of 300 customers that are taking choice.
John Russell: Well, I guess it’s not what we are seeing, it’s what you see. But our peer group is generally around 62% payout ratio. And as you know from our numbers, we are slightly below that. So that tends to be where we are as far as where the peer groups are. So we’ll have a discussion about that with the board, but again keep in mind we made a significant increase in our dividend in August of last year. So we accelerated the dividend and increased it faster than what people expected. We’ll look at it again in January knowing full well that our peers are at about 62% payout ratio.
John Russell: Lost sales are treated with decoupling, so there is a decoupling mechanism which on the electric decouples everything for the weather the economy as well as the energy efficiency, but you tried Edison case that just recently came out, they focus primarily on the energy efficiency with a band of about a 1.5% a year.Carl Seligson – Utility Financial Experts: Thank you.
John Russell: Think of it both ways, think of it both ways – ramping up and down the coal generation, burning more Western coal which reduces the output of the plants. Okay, so and the output of the plants being reduced will be replaced with the usage of some of our natural gas combined cycle units. So the latter part of that is the economic dispatch which again that meets emissions and in today’s world, it meets the economic test but on the other side of it, we’ll have the capability to burn western coal which will allow us to improve our emissions, meet the targets, reduce our cost, but also eliminate some of the output of our coal-fired plants.
John Russell: Yeah, the way to think about that is we have seven smaller coal plants that are pretty competitive in reasonable times they are dispatched on a regular basis. We’ve to make a decision do we upgrade those for all the new EPA regulations or do we mothball those or even close those. So that decision is out in front of us and we’ll be making that in the near future. And so the optionality is pretty good here. You could upgrade them – some or all of them or you could mothball or close them. And that’s a decision that we haven’t had to make because we don’t need to make it in the immediate future here, but we’ll be looking at a real carefully as we balance our plants. That’s an upside to spending of course that’s not in our $6.6 billion as well.
John Russell: 85% less turns was this year and so assume for numbers that’s a good basis for next year because we’re going to de-rate some of the plants, even though we’ve got the 100% capability so we’ll burn more western, say 10%, more western rough numbers and eastern will burn less.
John Russell: Yeah, yeah actually the tonnage will probably be a little bit higher because we’ll burn more western coal which means more volume, so yes.
John Russell: Thanks, Jeff, appreciate it. Let me wrap up today by thanking you all for joining us with another good quarter of operating, financial performance despite the severe storms that Tom and I talked about. The results for the first nine months are ahead of plan allowing us to accelerate reliability spending and improved value to our customers. We’re on track to achieve the guidance that we provided you with $1.44 share and we look forward to seeing all of you or many of you in person at the EEI meetings in the next couple of weeks. So thank you for joining us. I appreciate it.
Thomas Webb: Yep. The numbers are small and in total if you think of enterprises and the small bank we have I think the numbers you are referring to are probably about right. But in part the numbers are small because we haven’t put a priority there. We haven’t invested money there. We’ve put all of our investment against the utility where we think it’s inappropriate and as our strategy to do so. However, I would also tell you anyone following the markets knows for IPPs that this is not a good time. Prices are down. Capacity factors are down. So it’s hard to make a lot of money in that end the business. So as the market turns around, there is an opportunity for that contribution to us to naturally enhance a little bit as we go through time. But I would caution everyone, it’s small piece of our business, it’s not where we’re focused on the core, but it’s a piece outside that may provide us a little extra earnings growth outside of the authorized ROE.
Thomas Webb: No, I think what you need to see there is when you are looking at those sales, those are their sales. They are customers that are out of our bundled service, but we are showing you because we still deliver power to them. We may not be the source of it, but we still deliver it. So we show you how they are doing up or down and what you saw was for those customers that are out there, they are sales fell off a little bit. Customers in bundled service on the other side were up a little bit, you saw that too. We are still at the 10% level, so you should not think that we’ve come below the cap.
Thomas Webb: Not fair, let me tell you, we love all our customers whether they are in bundled service or not, we are trying to help them all.
Thomas Webb: Well, if I can answer that, I would just tell you, the utilities are similar, but you need to focus at the parent structure and we still do carry a little bit of a more difficult credit rating than they do. So that’s a downside for us. But do keep in mind the liquidity information we talked about, we kind of have that built into our earnings from the bigger picture because we actually carry more liquidity than most companies and we pre-fund our debt. That cost us a little money to do and so that probably is built into our numbers.Steve Fleishman – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Thomas Webb: It is – it’s our own team and what we do is we contract with people who provide us data on economic growth, specific to each county in Michigan. So we have a chance to get a lot of information that’s very useful to us and then our experts do a good job whether they tell us what we want to hear which is good news or they tell us what we don’t like to hear, which is bad news and then we take that and typically what we do is try to be a little conservative particularly if they see growth bigger than like we were seeing this year. So it’s our internal experts using a lot outside information.
Thomas Webb: No, I’ll be fair there. We did an overall dampening rather than just trying to say any one particular segment. I would tell you based on everything we know same residential would be flat assuming there is not a severe double dip, okay, that’s an assumption I’m making. We would be flat, that’s a fair, I think assuming that commercial is going to come up a little bit, I think that’s reasonable but not a lot. And I do think that the industrial side, there is still more room for year-over-year growth. So we will see that, but I’d say it’s in that segment we’re trying to be a little more conservative than what the experts tell us. We’re just trying to be very open with you. We are not – we don’t want everyone to think that we are trying to suggest something a lot higher or worse; we’re just trying to take exactly what we are thinking.
Thomas Webb: We are. That’s right. And remember what we’ve given you is sort of the Michigan number GDP, but what we give you in terms of our projections on sales are service territories, so the little disconnect there but...
Thomas Webb: It’s the latter. What we’ll do is we’ll be able to – we’ll have the capacity to burn a 100% Western coal next year. Based on the market prices today, we will schedule the coal fleet differently than we do today. So when we minimize some of the loads, we’ll be able to build – burn more Western coal, the output is less, but that’s what get us to the 100% Western coal. So we’ll take a little bit of a hit on D rate, but we’ll be able to burn more Western coal which will allow us to hit the targets and also hit the mission targets as well as save our customers some money.
