John Russell: Yeah, a little bit, Kevin let me take this one; maybe a little bit, but our plan is still pretty consistent is that all of the cost reductions we are doing are to keep our rates down, but also at the same time we are making significant capital investments which we need to get recovery for. So I wouldn't expect on the electric side it will be out much longer; this just helps with headroom. And on the gas side I think you know as part of the gas settlement, we committed stay out until later this year.
John Russell: Well as you know Kevin the way its set up because of the courts on the DPE case is that the decoupling has basically ended and I don't think there's going to be any pursuit of that in the future to the Supreme Court. I think you know our philosophy though is that we would like to see decoupling or sales trackers of some sort. Based on the litigation that occurred in the court ruling there have to be some kind of sales tracker, but even though we benefited from the weather this summer, obviously we are doing well this summer, we didn't benefit from the weather this winter because it was so warm. So I think the type of business that we are, the consistency and the tracking of sales would be the right approach to do, but right now what we have is simply the tracking of the energy optimization.
John Russell: Yeah, let me go through it; I mean we’ve talked about the seven classes that’s smaller, older coal fired units. We decided to moss all those which we can under the MISO rules for three years and bring them back if we need to, but if we did we would have to have full controls on those units. So I don’t that’s likely based on what I see the EPA doing in the near term. However, the future really we think is dependent on natural gas generation; I think the fracking is the game changer; going forward we are building, just making clear we talked a little bit about is that we are building renewables now; we are upgrading Ludington pump storage. It’s important for us to keep a balance portfolio which is both, the coal, the renewable as well as the natural gas. But my expectation is to fill this void we’re going to have in the future it will be natural gas generation.
John Russell: Depends what side you ask. From our standpoint, no, but they are going to put up a good fight. We’re not underestimating this in anyway. They’ve got, I think, they believe they’ve got over 500 signatures right now that the board of canvases is looking at which needs to approve. They need to approve by early September. I believe there is financial backing behind it. It’s very unique though Paul that this plan, this plan has been done in other states but it’s done for legislative changes. This is a constitutional change. So it is a first time that they’ve gone after a constitutional amendment. So my view is I don’t think we can take a chance not to be prepared for and that’s what we’re doing right now; prepare to win.
John Russell: Well you have to talk to him about that, but obviously he was part of the Energy Legislation in 2008 and thinks it’s a good law and I think the statement speaks for himself that when you look at the cost shift for customers for a few customers taking choice it probably isn’t in the best interest of everyone. And particularly when you look at the slides that Tom showed you today about the need for additional capacity, we have been through that here in Michigan back in the early 2000 when we -- I think in 2000 when we deregulated and it just didn’t seem to work very well. 
John Russell: Well, yes, and when you say it you make it sound like we are going to work the numbers that’s not exactly how we are going to do it and I think of it this way. As you saw in the first quarter when times were tough we are going to do whatever it takes to do right things and not hurt our customers, but deliver the results and we have got a pretty long track record of doing that. But on the other hand when we get the good news and I know not everybody likes hearing this, but we get good news whether it’s weather or whatever it may be we are going to take that opportunity and invest more in our customers and just the right thing to do, it will give you a sustainable growth 5% to 7% on the earnings side and better serve customers and therefore happy customers make for a successful company. So we are very much driven that way and please don’t think like we are working the numbers, we are actually working the business. So when we talk about what we are doing now, we are doing more pole top maintenance; we are doing things that enhance the reliability with our transformers things that allow us to get work done sooner than we would otherwise have done and that’s good for everybody. 
John Russell: Now one of the things that we like about our position is the fact that we do have a balanced energy initiative and that's a fact that our portfolio is well balanced between various fuels. So it really desensitizes us if you will to dramatic changes in price based on fuel. For instance I mean right now our coal fleet is running less than it did last year, but as you know we picked up the Zeeland plant which is about a 1000 megawatt gas plant that's running at 88% compared to around 28% the previous year, so that balance really works out well for us. I expect that whatever we do in the future, we will continue to be balanced with coal, natural gas. We've got a long-term commitment for a nuclear plant, we've got renewable energy, we have pump storage and we have our energy efficiency programs that we are working on. But then for the near-term if you look at five or seven years I think the generation that will be built in the state by anybody will be natural gas.
John Russell: Yeah, and as Tom said I think Tom described it well, we self imposed the amount that we spend there but if it moved a little bit but yes as far as spending it absolutely, we have more than enough issues that we could resolve and help our customers by spending that money so yeah don't be concerned about that.
John Russell: As you know, overtime we had some long-term contracts as they were renewed turned into a little bit shorter term contracts. When the environment of the switch to gas there has been desire on other parties parts to actually lock up may be some deal. So we are in the middle of good discussions with our rail carriers and we are optimistic we can do things that are useful to them and useful to us so that’s an area I think you might see as opportunity going ahead. 
John Russell: Yeah I would expect we would know probably more; let’s just go back to the chart between 15 and 16 as when we begin to hit that shortfall, so if we were going to buy, build, get into a long term contract which are really the options probably all with the natural gas fuel base, it would need to begin sometime early next year. So providing some color within the next half a year or year something like that.
John Russell: That’s too soon for the electric rate case; for the one that we will file by the end of the year it will be too soon. So it’s something that we are looking right now, we want to do is give you a heads up because this capacity issue is not only a MISO issue and a consumers energy issue; it’s going to be a national issue with some of the environmental rules that are going into effect in 2015 and 2016. And as we’ve said before, we want to be ready for it and plan for the balance portfolio, so we are just giving you heads up of what we are thinking about now and we’ll certainly provide you more details as we get closer to any type of decision.
John Russell: Thank you. Let me wrap up today’s call by saying that we did have a good second quarter, both financially and operationally and we’re on solid ground to achieve all of our financial targets this year. Our focus, and this is important for everybody to understand that our focus is and always will be on our customers providing good value is our top priority at a cost effective rate. Appreciate your listening today and we look forward to seeing you in the future.
Tom Webb: Just for clarity, gas we will file just toward the end of the year and electric I think you should watch this spot, we will come back in again this year, all around that CapEx recovery and we will look for opportunities to extend that, but right now our plan is our annual rate case.
Tom Webb: Yeah, you are right on all the things that happened at the house; I mean governor has talked about coming out with a plan in the fall. It is planned; I mean that’s something that I don’t want to preempt and nor do I know what he is going to say. He has not talked much about or at all about the CAT. What he has talked about is energy infrastructure. Do we have the infrastructure moving forward to be able to grow with Michigan's economy. And as Tom mentioned to you, we’re seeing the industrial sales continue to grow at a pretty rapid pace and maybe even don’t hurt us compared to all the utilities in the country. So he wants to have the growth here and the infrastructure in place to move forward and certainly with Michigan's unemployment, he would like to make sure that the jobs fall in line with that too; the job creation.
Tom Webb: No, no big deal there that’s is just doing the good job that we do and during this year we had a pretty mild winter, so think of that rolling to the first and second quarter and therefore you pump in less gas, you move less through the system and that helped us in a couple of ways; we don’t like it, but it help us with lower bills, so lower uncollectible and less loss of gas, it’s kind of a natural offset to that downward slope of the business when the weather was mild. Nothing special.
Tom Webb: Well, I can’t predict what the commission will choose to do in the future that would be kind of out of my shoes. But what I can say is I believe what they are trying to do so far is to provide the utilities with a premium above what other utilities are getting and we are kind of pleased with that. And so at 10.3% I think we are in good shape; we are clearly there for this year, but with our annual rate cases we will be facing that again next year as we go for the electric and gas cases that may come up. And again I think the commission is trying to get to a healthy utility that serves its customers well. So it's good news when they see us pouring resources back into the customers and trying to earn an authorized rate of return, but not a lot more, not a lot less. And so that's a pretty nice place to be. So I can't tell you the number’s going to be higher or lower than [10.3]. I feel pretty good about where that is, it's very workable for us but I can take you to the sensitivities so that you can see what the impact is if it moves up or down. If it moves a little bit, we can handle that, if it moves a lot, that's another discussion. 
Tom Webb: Brian I would just have you think of those as anomalies. We will go for it, if you don't mind I will use the total number, we will go for that 50-50 ratio. We maybe a little bit higher at some points when we are putting the money down into the utility, or maybe a little bit lower at some point. So depending on the period that you are looking at it could vary a little bit but our goal is to be right about at that 50-50 level and we will be truing up when we follow little short and we will let it drift when we get a little bit ahead. There's no big issues for us to be a little bit higher or a little bit lower but we like to be in that sweet spot the commission prefers. 
Tom Webb: Sure, the way to think about the industrial side is, we are pretty well diversified. I know when you think Michigan, some times people think Detroit or sometime they think auto. When you are looking at our service territory don’t think either. We are outside of that area; the autos directly contribute about 3% of our gross margin [net] and all their big suppliers. So they are important to us. But we are pretty widespread, so we have furniture makers, we have food companies, we have pharmaceuticals, we have quite a widespread. What we are seeing is a layering in, so a lot of the metal benders, auto related and different people had a big rebound already, so you have seen our industrial sales up sharply and that’s why described to 7.5% against big tough comps. Now what happens is there are other people who do better as you go to the recovery cycle. So furniture makers, they typically do better toward the end of the recovery when company start investing more and upgrading their furniture while we are seeing that. And then you have got folks that are in what I will call it solar panels and a lot of a new tech sort of things, we have a big customer in HSC, they are actually recovering kind of nicely and growing with that segment. So we a nice spread, I think it’s the way you should about us; we are fortunate to have that and therefore as some companies layer in their growth that they didn’t come back as quickly on during the recovery we continue to see some nice uptick. So we are pretty happy with the 7.5%, but I want to mute that a little bit and tell you our outlook as you know for the industrials more or like about 5%.
