Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick – just Rejji, this might be for you, but I think you’ve given us quite the granularity on timing of spend by segment, at least not recently. So can you perhaps help us see where the $1 billion of incremental electric investment installing, it looks like 2020 and 2021 are the peak spend years. But I’m just not sure what those were before.
Jonathan Arnold: So the revenue – I feel the renewables – $1 billion of renewables was already in the plan – the prior plan.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. And it’s a similar topic, last quarter, I think you said you were planning to give an update to the 10-year view on capital late – sometime later this year, you still think you’ll do that and any sense of timing and what you’re specifically waiting for before you do it.
Rejji Hayes: Happy to do that. Yes, so you’re right, we do crossed over the five-year period in 2021 and that has a lot to do with the renewables and the trajectors and giving them timing of the tax credits. But if you look at the $11 billion in our new five-year plan versus the $10 billion in our prior vintage, the real difference is, one, you’ve got about $0.25 billion of renewables flowing through our electric supply spend and that again is the gas to the 15% RPS. And then you’ve got about a commensurate increase in electric distribution and gas infrastructure and as we roll forward one year. So I’d say it’s a combination of those three things. Incremental renewables, electric distribution spend as we roll our five-year distribution plan one year forward and then an uptick in gas infrastructure spend. So it’s really those three things, Jonathan.
Rejji Hayes: We had it close to those levels. I’d say we were probably about $0.25 billion south. We were in that zip code, but at the end of the day, we wanted to make sure that the renewables we had in the prior plan and this plan reflected what we’re seeing in our renewable energy plans that we filed in the RFPs.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So we would foresee rolling out a new 10-year plan by the second half of this year as we mentioned in Q3 and prior to that, I think I mean the real gating item is, we see it, is the IRP. And so we’re going to get most likely a preliminary point of view from the commission in April of this year. We get 60 days to respond to that. And so that will most likely play itself out by midyear at which point we’ll have better visibility on our electric supply spend over the next 10 years, particularly in those outer years, because that’s when you start to see a ramp-up of, I’ll say, renewables-related spend. So that’s a key data point. And at the end of the day, we also have to spend a good deal of timing internally making sure that we can solve the customer affordability equation and would be irresponsible to roll out a capital plan that we couldn’t when I say we, our customers and/or our balance sheet couldn’t afford. And so we want to get all of that math right before we roll it out. I can say with great confidence that the 18 billion that we rolled out in the prior vintage in September of 2017 is well stale and we expect it to be higher than that, but want to spend some more time figuring out how much higher.
Rejji Hayes: It’s premature to guide you at this point. We had said that, we think there’s about a $3 billion capital investment opportunity in the IRP in the outer years. And so we would feel pretty comfortable saying that we will likely be included in the new plan. And also we’ve talked about this sensitivity in the past, where basically every $60 million or 1% reduction we can achieve in rates creates about $400 million of incremental capital investment capacity. And so if you think about our PPAs rolling off, if you think about some of the cost savings we expect as we retire the coal fleet over time on O&M and fuel side, we do think it’s going to create substantial headroom to accommodate additional spend. So I’d hate to guide you at this point and give you a directional number, but we think it will certainly be in excess of $18 billion.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, happy to, Greg. It was largely due to the significant amount of reinvestment activity both in the operating and non-operating sides. So in corporate, you’re going to have some of the non-operating related spend embedded in that. And so we took out at least two tranches of parent-related debt prematurely in 2018, $100 million remaining from our eight and three-quarter notes and then $300 million of the six handle note around midyear. And so a lot of those upfront costs flow through the corporate and other expense.
Rejji Hayes: Hang on, to be clear, sorry, just to circle back here, when you say diffusing, do you mean just taking out altogether...
Rejji Hayes: Well, the reality is we’ve been so proactive over the last several years in taking out, I’ll say, high coupon bonds that there really are too many opportunities left in the portfolio. So credit to Sri and his team for their wonderful prefunding efforts, but if you look at the rest of portfolio both of the parent and the operating company, you really see four and five handles and I don’t think we have maybe one six-handle left, but we’ve done a nice job. So, I don’t foresee too many opportunities to prefund at attractive level. So, that’s why we’re being fairly conservative in the year-over-year corporate.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, sure. So similar to what I described in terms of the variance in our FFO to debt metrics year-over-year, it’s really – it’s few things, Michael. It’s again the increase in our capital spend rate. So our run rate historically has been about $2 billion or at least over the last couple of years and now will be at $2.25 billion with an increase in the new five-year vintage of $11 billion in total. So assuming about $2.25 billion per year at the utility. So that’s going to drive our sort of leverage-related needs and our equity needs as well. And then again we’re assuming that our equity component of our rate-making capital structure will stay at 52.5%. And so that’s going to lead to fairly substantial equity infusions from the parent into the utility, most of which we fund with equity issuances. And so you have a couple things there. And then the other reality is to in 2018 again, we did not have a significant an outflow for tax reform back to customers as we had anticipated and so we didn’t issue as much equity in 2018. And so some of that will flow into future years. And so we assume again we’re going to – run rate will be about $150 million per year of planned equity issuance. We will be proactive about that as we can. So we did a good deal of forwards in the fourth quarter of last year, while we thought our stock was at a relatively attractive price and so we’ve taken a lot of the price risk off the table in 2019 and we’ll see where we end up going forward, but we think that that’s a reasonable level if you’re doing $150 million per year and you look at that as a percentage of market cap, we definitely think that that’s doable in an ATM program.
Rejji Hayes: No, I mean the math that we have, it really is looking at just the potential opportunity that you would have. If you have either a local clearing requirement established in Michigan and we stink the jury quite literally is still out on that, or just given the tightening we expect in the bilateral capacity markets as you see inevitable coal retirements in the zone 7 and throughout the region and so the math is basically rolled forward a year. We’re assuming somewhere around $7.50 and that coupled with the extension and amendment of existing energy contracts with some of our big contracts. DIG is really what’s fueling a little bit of that incremental upside, but needless to say, we have not incorporated that into our plan. We are assuming what you see on the page here for 2019 about a run rate of $35 million of pre-tax income that we think will last for the foreseeable future. And as you probably noted in the table above, we really have derisked the portfolio a good deal, by amending and extending energy contracts and selling forward capacity fairly ratably over the last several months.
Rejji Hayes: Sure, Ali. I will not try to spend too much time on the soapbox around the imperfections and shortcomings of weather normalized math, but I do think that is flowing through the numbers, particularly if you take into account the stark contrast between weather in 2017 and 2018. So I would start there, but then as you look at just numbers that are on the page putting that aside. And so we are approximately 0.5% down blended for electric for 2018 and it’s really important to note that that customer usage level reflects our efforts to reduce customer usage year-over-year through energy efficiency, where we get compensated to do that. And so we’ve been at this for now about 10 years if you go back to the prior Energy Law in 2008, and so now it’s a 1.5% bogey, and we expect to clear that and we’ve cleared it the last year and we expect to clear it this year as well and so you’ll see that flowing through 2018. So what does that mean. So when you’re negative 0.5% on a blended basis for electric, if your gross it up, you’re about 1% for electric and so we still think that on a normalized load basis is comparable to what most folks are seeing across the country. And then if you peel the onion a little bit and you look at residential, it was down about 0.3%. So you gross that up, you’re up over 1%. Commercial was up about 0.3%. Again, gross that up, you’re down over – you’re up a little under 2%. And so we still see pretty good trends there and I think what’s also important to notice that, if you look at the economic conditions in our service territory, they still remain quite good, and so we always point to Grand Rapids, that’s in the heart of our electric service territory and you pick a metric whether it’s GDP, unemployment, population growth, building permits, all of those statistics are trending better than the national average. And so we continue to feel quite good about the economic conditions in our service territory. So, yes, the numbers I think on the surface may appear a little suboptimal, but again we think there’s a lot more to it. You asked about going forward, we assume roughly flat over the planned period at the utility, again, weather normalized and net of energy efficiency. So, I’d say, we’re – our expectations are relatively tempered and then the IRP, which spans over a longer period, we’re assuming about a quarter of a percent. So, again we plan very conservatively. And the last thing, I’ll say, is we also aren’t reactive when it comes to normalized load growth expectations. We have very prosperous economic development programs and Patty highlighted in your planned remarks that we hit 100 megawatts in 2018, up from 69 megawatts the prior year and so we really feel like we’re doing all we can to support economic development and our service territory certainly relative to other service territories across the country looks quite good.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, there’s currently no obligation based on the funded status to fund the pension in 2019. We basically pulled forward about $100 million of required spend in 2019 through this contribution in December of 2018. So, I think at least for 2019, there is not an expected contribution. 2020, I don’t believe there’s one either, but we think that we derisk the plan most importantly, rather significantly by this discretionary contribution in 2018.
Rejji Hayes: Well, I think in addition to the proactive refinancings, which have associated make-whole costs. I mean obviously every year because the business is growing and we’re funding capital investments, we will have incremental increases in parent debt, which is basically new money financing that we do each year. And so we did issue some hybrids in like a couple of tranches in 2018. So, you’ll see interest – incremental interest expense associated with. So that’s another source of drag that you see in the corporate.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. I mean, well, remember you got a few things in there. And so we’ll expect incremental interest expense given the growth of the business. And so you’ll have that flowing through the parent and clearly that’s non-recoverable. We do have also a little bit of drag that we talked about in our Q4 call of last year and that’s because of the impacts of federal tax reform, where just the net deductions that you get at that level just aren’t worth as much as they were previously, but I think the other impact too is that we have EnerBank flowing through those numbers. And so that will also be impacting the parent and other expense, because EnerBank is a component of that. And as we always have talked about in the past, we do expect that EnerBank will grow in excess of the consolidated business. And see a little – you see that as a little bit of an offset of those other, I’ll say, sources of drag.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So, long-term over the five years, we expect flat to a 0.25% for growth. So that is first and foremost. I am referring to the five-year period, but this page often, I think, is a source of confusion. When we talk about sales growth and the simple perhaps unique model slide, Slide 19 that you reference, we’re not suggesting that long-term we’re expecting 1% sales growth. What we’re talking about on that page is how much sales growth contributes to the self-funding strategy. And so when you look at the pieces, we say cost reductions two to three points. That means cost reductions fund half of our capital investment or rate base growth to alleviate the burden to customers. And so sales is a component of that equation as is tax planning as is non-utility contribution. And so those are the pieces that allow us to fund about three quarters in aggregate of our rate base growth. So we can keep total rates, customer prices, bills at or below inflation and so it’s a little bit difficult to fall the way it’s positioned on that page. But we’re not implying 1% growth in long term.
Patti Poppe: I think given the needs of the system, it’s likely that we will file in 2020, Jonathan. We have the settlement this year. We’re so happy about it, because it does enable certainty in our reliability spend and we don’t have to trade off with some of the other more variable programs that often compete for the capital dollars on reliability, because we have this new regulatory mechanism, but it isn’t, we didn’t sell for a full tracker. We do think there is a basis in this settlement for a tracker in the future, but we know that there is significant electric investment required and our cost effectiveness is captured there. So we think that we will definitely be filing in 2020.
Patti Poppe: Hey, good morning, Eric. We’re making good progress in the IRP, as I’m sure everyone knows where the first IRP to be filed and process here in Michigan. The hard work that we did to get lots of stakeholder input before we filed has made for very constructive discussions throughout the process, because it is a complicated process. We are planning on it and going to its full regulatory timeline, which would be first preliminary order from the commission in April and then a final order in June. And we’re looking forward to working through the remainder of that process. To your question about additional renewables to the plan, what we have in the plan right now reflects no additional incremental renewables as a result of the IRP that would be premature to do before we have a final order in that. So right now, what we have built into the plan is meeting the renewable portfolio standard through our RAP.
Patti Poppe: You know the driver for the renewables is demand on the system and what’s required both to meet the law, but also to meet the needs of customers for their demand for energy. There is – we do – we have published our time line of retirements of our coal plants and we also do have the retirement of the PPAs, but in the 2023 time horizon. The power of sales PPA that comes off doesn’t require additional capacity to backfill it. We’ve replaced it with energy efficiency, demand response and other sources in the short run. So I don’t think that would drive incremental renewables in that time horizon.
Patti Poppe: Well, we are looking forward to learning the Governor’s plans on our current open position at the commission with Commissioner Saari and Commissioner Talberg there, that’s six more months of that quorum, and with the addition then of a new Commissioner, we look forward to that appointment. I would say that one of the strengths of the Michigan regulatory environment is that it’s captured in the statute and so our energy law that was passed originally in 2008 and then further improved in 2016 provides a lot of continuity in regulatory planning. And so we do have a great working relationship with the new Governor, many of her staffs are people we’ve worked within the past and so we’re quite optimistic that she’ll make great appointments to the commission and we’ll look forward to working with them, and like our track record has been independent of Commissioner changes, Governor changes, economic changes, weather changes, we have the core capability of adapting to those changing conditions. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to adjust and adapt as necessary.
Patti Poppe: Well, we – you’re right, Ali. We have term limits and Michigan was a good concept in practice, it’s pretty difficult, because we do have a lot of turnover. The good news is, it took a lot to pass the 2016 energy law. It was bipartisan wide support. We have two strong committees in both the House and the Senate. We’re really excited about the leadership appointments in both the House and the Senate. And so, as far as we are hearing from the legislative leadership both from the Governor’s office as well as the Senate and the House, they’ve got other very important issues that need to be attended to, no-fault auto insurance, the road, education in Michigan are really taking top priority for the current legislature and the Governor. And we’re happy to work with them and help make those improvements, but I think the general consensus is the energy law that was passed in 2016 was a great and difficult body of work. And so, it’s really still in the implementation phase of that law and we don’t expect changes to it in the short run.
Patti Poppe: Well, so specifically on the electric side, if that’s what you’re asking about, the IRP, first of all, has the ability to be refiled every three to five years. So, if we start to see a material load difference, then we would plan accordingly. I will say that even yesterday, for example, where MISO had issues in the Midwest. We were plus 1,000 megawatts in Michigan of supply. So, our planned forecast IRP that we published, I think, reflects a very conservative perspective about being able to deal with the kind of peaks that occur on the electric system. And on the gas system, I think traditionally our system is well equipped and capable of serving this volume of load. Our interruption yesterday was driven by an equipment failure at our largest storage field, but normally under any kind of, even these extreme conditions, we would have been well equipped to serve that load. And in fact, yesterday morning, when we hit our peak load, our system works perfectly and we had ample supply and ample ability to deliver that supply and we’ve not had to curtail any residential customers even to this unprecedented weather events with the shortfall of our Ray storage field included. So, very proud of the team and how we’re handling the situation, but the system definitely is robust and prepared for the future.
Patti Poppe: Well, I think there are a couple of things that were critical to the settlement. We’re very proud of the fact that we were able to settle that, but I think it’s a reflection of the quality of the regulatory environment. As we have mentioned over the last couple years with Chairman Sally Talberg at the Public Service Commission, she has done an excellent job of building the quality staff, nothing raised the bar for the quality of our filings, the request of a five-year electric distribution plan combined with the visibility that the commission and the staff had on our integrated resource plan. You can imagine their ability to see how our filing fits into those long-term plans is a much better way to do good regulation and make good decisions on behalf of the citizens of Michigan. So I would attribute it to a lot of hard work by our team to have good long-term plans. Our request by the commission to see those plans and have them be public, so that we can have good discussions with critical stakeholders and then a willingness to make good decisions together and have a settlement for the best interest of all customers. So, very happy with that outcome. I think it really sets the ground and the framework for future orders as well as future cases regarding our electric investment strategy and cost savings that we can pass along to customers through those filings.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Of course, that definitely will have a key eye on the distributed energy resources and how to integrate those into the grid. I would suggest in this filing, It’s more about the basic blocking and tackling of poles and conductors and substations, transformers, making sure that the equipment that is on the system is robust and reliable. Our five-year electric distribution plan is a $3 billion investment strategy that has more of the high technology attributes at the latter half of the five-year plan. So, including better visibility through SCADA systems on the distribution system, our ability to have control remotely, our ability to see the operations of the grid to do more looping and smart switching on the system, all of those investments are throughout the five-year plan, but more back-end-weighted. So, this specific settlement really is focused on the backbone and the basics of the electric distribution system. I often say you can’t put fancy whizbang technology on poles that are falling over. So, make sure we’ve got the poles secure. We’ve got the right conductor, transformer, substations and then we’ll bolt on the technology to the best service of customers throughout the distribution plan.
Patti Poppe: We do too. I know it’s going to make operating drill a lot easier, but first thing is first. Thanks, Travis.
Patti Poppe: I think what we believe about this current electric rate case settlement is that this deferred accounting that we agreed to really is a first step in the direction of tracker – of a tracker for future filings. And so that again, comes with as we build trust. We have a tracking mechanism for example on the gas system for our enhanced infrastructure replacement program. And over the last couple years, we’ve done a great job of doing precisely what we said we would do and that gives confidence then to the commission that they can do preapprovals in a more routine formulaic tracking mechanism, but we’re quite satisfied with this outcome of the settlement and we think it foretells well future filings.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, those are all great questions. And we are working on evaluating what the effect will be from what we’ve seen from other jurisdictions anywhere from 1% to 4% additional load as a result of the legalization of marijuana has been experienced elsewhere. We’re not forecasting that in our plan yet at all. The regulations are still being defined and clarified, and they are slightly different than other states. We are the only state in the Midwest and so there is a potential that it could be a driver here. We’re actually working very proactively to identify who those growers would be. We’ve had inbound contacts from large growing entities that want to come and locate here and – which is great because if we have advanced notice, then we can plan where best to place that new quickly growing loads. So we definitely haven’t built into anything into our plan. But we are actively working with the growing community to make sure that we are prepared to serve.
Patti Poppe: Yes, no, we had ample supply. In fact, our storage fields were perfectly prepared and ready to serve even peak demand that’s early in the season. So certainly we have abundant supply. If a day like this happened in April, that would be a challenge to the system, because our annual cycle is to draw off the field throughout the winter season. However, we had ample supply. The disruption at our Ray storage field was the equipment that is able to then deliver the stored gas to the system. And so that’s where the bottleneck was yesterday and today, but it certainly wasn’t lack of abundance of gas. We have some of the largest naturally occurring storage fields in the nation, in the continent right here in Michigan, and so we have ample supply, it was just a matter of getting it distributed effectively.
Patti Poppe: Yes. And if you read the staffs filing, they did not have object to the earnings mechanism. They just had a different formula, which yielded a much lower earnings mechanism on top of the PPA, but like all things, that has definitely opened for negotiation. The staff also filed that we would be able to own 50% of the supply. So there’s lots of room, I would suggest. What I appreciate very much is that all of the stakeholders have been working together for the best integrated resource plan for Michigan. This is a long-term plan. It has long-term ramifications. Some of the current methods of people being able to, for example, purpose solar being added to the system at uncompetitive prices not in the best interest of customers, even though we are fully supportive of additional solar being added to the system. So we think that integrated resource plan has created a great framework. Our willingness to offer a market-driven avoided cost calculation through competitive bidding creates the open platform for this earnings mechanism, so that a developer who is leveraging our balance sheet. The cost of that impact on our balance sheet is adequately reflected in their bid is we think a very constructive framework and we like the direction of the conversations that have been happening here with all the critical stakeholders. So I would suggest that we’re making good progress.
Patti Poppe: You know, we would say, yes, it would be incremental. But don’t forget, we always are working toward that 6% to 8%, right, and so everything we do is in for the purpose of solidifying our consistent, repeatable, reliable performance. And so all of these outcomes add up to a total picture, it is predictable in total and that’s what we know you love about us and that’s what we really work toward every day.
Patti Poppe: No, because, again, we’re pretty happy about the agreement and the settlement, because it does create a framework for our long-term trackers, but we didn’t plan on long-term trackers. We don’t object to coming in annually and describing what our spend plan is, and that in fact allows us to be more adaptive to changing conditions. And we’re pretty satisfied with that arrangement. So we were very happy with the outcome of the settlement and not to say we wouldn’t appreciate more formulaic rate making, but we are all Okay standing up to the scrutiny of an annual filing as well.
Patti Poppe: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And we’re bundled up here in Michigan working to stay warm. We hope you are where you are. We look forward to seeing you on the road.
