Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rejji. Our simple investment thesis is how we run our business and provides us with confidence for a strong outlook this year and beyond. 21 years of consistent industry-leading financial performance, 21 proof point, regardless of conditions, no excuses, just results. With that, Drew, please open the lines for Q&A. 
Garrick Rochow: Shahriar, you want me to get into rate design. You guys are all going to fall asleep on this call if I go into rate design. Let me start out with the fundamentals of this electric case. I think this is really important. You've heard me time and time again, whether it's investor meetings or in our calls and the importance of improving reliability. We've seen higher wind speeds, more frequent storm activity. And just this is our focus as a company, how we improve reliability and the longer-term resiliency of our electric system.   You can also hear that from the commissioners. They're very clear about that expectation. And so I would say there's really good alignment there. And this reliability road map does just that. It's aimed at those important capital improvements. There's some O&M work associated with that as well. These are best practices in the industry, which we're deploying across our system and going to a meaningful benefit for our customers.   In addition to that, we're focused on the affordability piece. This is how the fundamentals of this, great to invest the capital, but you also have to be focused on the affordability piece for our customers. And so it's driving down unit cost through the CE Way, it's other cost offsets, there's a whole range of things we're doing to make sure this next electric rate case delivers for our customers in terms of improved reliability and offsetting from a cost perspective. So that's the fundamentals of the case.   And so we're going to look at different mechanisms in that case. As I've shared before, I would anticipate that we, again, take advantage of our infrastructure recovery mechanism that was supported in the last case. We'll look at a storm recovery mechanism. We've utilized that in previous cases. We'll continue to look at that optionality and what that could look like in this case.  Again, longer term, we'll file this in the May, first part of June. I feel confident about what we're putting together based on the important merits of the case that are going to improve reliability, will balance the important components of affordability.   Now your question on rate design, there's a lot in rate design. I really will put you to sleep if I go there. We're going to make sure as the state expands, and we have this important load growth that both energy and capacity component, that cost of service mechanism is appropriately allocated to where those costs are. That's what we've done historically. That's what the commission supported. And so we'll look at that certainly within the context of this case, but it's really smaller in the grand scheme of the important work of this case. 
Garrick Rochow: It's still early days on some of those modeling. So we'll file our REP, Renewable Energy Plan, on November 15. And as I've shared historically here or previous here, there's a broad spectrum of ownership versus PPAs. PPAs obviously have the opportunity for the financial compensation mechanism or if you're going to build everything and own everything, obviously, you have the opportunity to earn your ROE.   So there's a broad spectrum. You do all either end, those are the bookends. I think it's somewhere in the mix, and there's a lot of variables we need to consider that we're modeling out right now, and that's why we're not prepared to share what that looks like. But let me hand it over to Rejji, I know he has some additional thoughts on this. 
Garrick Rochow: I'd go back Nick to the fundamentals of that case, aiming for a safe natural gas system, you continue to reduce methane across that and deliver affordable natural gas to our customers. And so again, the imbalance -- that equation of making the investments in the natural gas system, also just like we're doing in the electric business, aiming for an improved affordability across the gas system through unit costs, through cost out using the CE Way and the likes.  So those fundamentals are true. Staff position, I would categorize as constructive, a constructive starting point. And so we'll look, once we have that position, we're going to look for the opportunity for settlement. We've been able to work with a number of the interveners in the past and have a good track record there. But I also hear this, I'm confident in the testimony and the merits of the case. So if we need to go to full distance, we will, and get a constructive outcome both for our customers and stakeholders. 
Garrick Rochow: Thanks for your question, David. A couple of things on this. I typically don't like to talk about the pipeline just because it's pretty speculative on that. And many of these data center companies are testing the waters in a variety of different utilities. And so we typically talk in terms of contracts. And when we talk about economic development, whether it's manufacturing or data centers, it's secured contracts, which we, again, feel really good about. Let me reflect a little bit on this project, and then I'll talk -- I will highlight the pipeline. I will get to your answer.  This particular project, this data center expansion that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, is 230 megawatts, online by 2025, a majority of the load in place by 2026. And so that does speak to our ability and capabilities to be able to deliver for these customers.  And then you see Michigan, and I said this in some of my remarks, temperate climate, which is great for the heating and cooling load of a data center, a lot of freshwater and then energy-ready sites, attractive energy rates, good fiber network, all that comes together to make Michigan really attractive.  I will say within the state of Michigan, there is a sales and use tax that exists where there's roughly a dozen states that have the sales and use tax in place, about 6%. There is an exemption process as being a build that are being considered in the House and Senate. It's passed the House in a bipartisan way. It's moved over to the Senate for consideration. We think that's going to move forward, that exemption, probably in the June, July time frame at the end of the session before they go on summer break. And that will open up Michigan a bit more for that pipeline.  There are companies that are exploring Michigan right now, large data center providers, names that you would recognize. But again, it's a little bit -- they're testing the water in a lot of different locations. And so we'll see how Michigan progresses. We're certainly an attractive place to do business, and we'll look to track that low growth appropriately.  And but as I stated in my previous remarks, we want to make sure there's a good balance that they're picking up the costs associated with that load as well, both from an energy and capacity perspective. So that's all the things that work in the balance, David. Hopefully, that provides some light to your question. Let me know if I didn't strike the right balance there. 
Garrick Rochow: We've got a -- we have -- between the manufacturing load this contract and the data center load that's contracted. As Rejji said, it's a nice piece of load growth that we factored in the later years of this 5-year plan, but future 5-year plans. And we're excited about what that means. And there's a strong pipeline, both from a manufacturing perspective and to a degree, the data center perspective as well. I'd be disappointed if some of those projects in the pipeline didn't materialize. 
Garrick Rochow: That's progressed in a constructive way. We had close to 10 or a dozen metrics that were originally proposed. It's narrowed to 4 metrics that are benchmarkable and there's good standards. And so again, a constructive process plays out. There's more work to do from our perspective when we filed comments in the February, March time frame.  We're expecting a report from the Michigan Public Service Commission staff in May, and so we'll see the next round of thinking. I would suggest that a couple of electric rate cases away, not this case, perhaps the next case before we see implementation. But again, this is an evolving process with the Public Service Commission. 
Garrick Rochow: Similar to Rejji's comments, from an energy perspective, energy tools and a capacity of the bilateral contracts, much of DIG has been spoken for at attractive -- really attractive position that either meets our expectations or is above our expectations. And so there's really unless you're beyond 2028, and maybe in the 2030s decade, DIG's really not available because it's already been secured and with, again, attractive energy tools and bilateral contracts for capacity. 
Garrick Rochow: It is -- we got primaries in August, and that means early [indiscernible] balance start in June. And so its political season already in Michigan. And so I would anticipate that. Look, the Attorney General participates in all our cases, that's been a historical practice. Sometimes those are more public than other times. We stand, as I shared earlier, by the merits of the case, both in our gas case that's underway right now and this electric rate case.  The team just went through a walk through this week, and I couldn't be more proud of the work the team's put together on it. As I shared earlier in my questions or responses to questions, we're focused on reliability. That's going to improve for our customers. That is absolutely the right thing to do, well aligned with the Public Service Commission.  We're working hard to create affordability, and we're good at that through the CE Way, the reducing power supply cost, their unit costs from execution of capital. And when you get that mix right, that equation, right, it makes it I mean you get good outcomes. And so I'm excited about this case. It's certainly going to be a step-up in capital. There's going to be some O&M work too, that's focused on reliability, but there's also some offsets that are really exciting that make us -- get me excited, as you can tell by the tone of my voice about what we're filing and what we put it together because it's going to be good for customers, and it's going to be good for all stakeholders. 
Garrick Rochow: Yes. The short answer is yes. But again, important work from a capital investment perspective and reliability, and we've done a lot to offset some of the O&M costs components of this to strike that right balance. And that's what I mean by the important fundamentals or merits of the case. 
Garrick Rochow: No. The team seems excited about the opportunity to get to the table. Now that we have staff position now that we know where intervenors are at, to talk settlement. And as I shared, we've been able to navigate that with success in the past with all interveners, all stakeholders. And so we'll look to do that, but also hear my confidence in the merits of the case that if we need to go to full distance, we will. And I know that will get a good outcome for our customers and for stakeholders. 
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Drew. I'd like to thank you for joining us today. I look forward to seeing you on the road soon. Take care and stay safe. 
Rejji Hayes: Thanks for the question. All I would add to Garrick's comments is that in our current 5-year plan, what we've incorporated is just a modest amount of PPAs with the financial compensation mechanism, and that's solely because of the fact that any PPA put in place after June of this year would be subject to the new FCM, which is around 9% versus the prior of about 5.5%. And so we have a portion of that, albeit a small portion incorporated in this 5-year plan.   We've also incorporated the enhanced economic incentives associated with energy efficiency. And so that's flowing through our plan as well. And remember, historically, we've, on the electric side, been reducing load about 2% year-over-year. And before the new energy law, we get a 20% incentive on top of that spend, that's now 22.5%, so that's also a source of financial upside embedded into this plan.  But to Garrick's earlier comments, the much more expansive opportunities, whether it's scaling contracts or the ownership opportunities or more specifically the rate base opportunities. Those are not incorporated into our 5-year plan and really won't be until 2026. 
Rejji Hayes: Ye's. Jeremy, this is Rejji. I appreciate the question. So yes, we were pleased with the first quarter performance of non-weather sales. We provide good color on that in our earnings digest, which you probably saw. But going through the customer classes, we saw residential up just under 1.5% versus Q1 of 2023. And so on the surface that looks quite good, but it's important to note that the leap day in the quarter because it's a leap year, drove about 2/3 of that. But still even absent leap day, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, still up about 0.5%.  I still think we continue to see continued upside of the return to work or return to facilities trend, where I think we had pretty conservative assumptions about returning to facilities, and we are seeing a stickiness to folks having our corporations retaining what I would describe as a hybrid workforce. And so that is still, I think, delivering some surprise to the upside, and it is a higher margin customer class, as you know.  On the commercial side, really quite pleased with what we've seen. And so the number was just under 3.5% increase versus Q1 of 2023. And the leap year only affected about 1/3 of that. So pro forma for the leap year, we were still just under 2.5%. So very pleased with that. And our speculation, we've seen some of the subsectors within commercial that have performed pretty well. Agriculture, mining, up about 6.5%. We also saw entertainment up about 3%. And so we've seen some of the subsectors perform pretty well.  But we also think because folks are actually going to the office, at least 3 days a week, that does create foot traffic in communities and folks are going to cafes and things of that nature. So that's also part of it as well, but that's a bit more speculate there, but that's our sense.  And then within Industrial, if you exclude one low-margin large customer, we're just over -- sorry, just slightly up, let's say, about 20, 25 basis points, and the leap year did have a big impact on that class. And so pro forma for the leap year, you're down about 1%. I will always caveat 2 things whenever we talk about weather-normalized sales. One, remember, those numbers include the fact that we're reducing our load by 2% each year in electric due to energy efficiency. So all these numbers should be on a gross basis, up 2%. And so you should provide that color to these industrial numbers.  The other thing I always caveat is that weather normalization math as good as our team is, as hard as they work to get it right, is a very imperfect science. And so it is very difficult to get these numbers exactly right.  But what I would say in terms of industrial that we feel very good, as Garrick noted in his prepared remarks about the economic outlook and just have a robust pipeline and a very diversified pipeline of industrial opportunities, which really aren't reflected in our numbers at this point. It won't be until the outer years of our plan, and we'll be disappointed if that opportunity doesn't continue to bear fruit for the next couple of years.  Now that's the color I can offer across each customer class, but certainly happy to take any follow-ups as needed. 
Rejji Hayes: Yes. I would say, Jeremy, early days. Obviously, we're delighted that 2024 is not 2023 in that we don't have a big storm as well as mild weather to start off the year, which we obviously saw last year. But to be clear, we still saw negative variance in terms of weather, top line-related weather. And so there's still some work to do. And so we are countermeasuring and again, very confident in the outlook. But it's a little early before we start thinking about derisking 2025 and beyond. 
