John G. Russell: I think the simple answer to that is yes. In fact, there's other pieces. Obviously, there's revenue pieces to the rate case. There could be ROE pieces to the rate case, although we don't expect that. But as we drive our O&M down, we will have our new capital investment requirements, and we suspect that whatever they are, we'll be able to offset that a little bit in our request for rate relief.
John G. Russell: Now, we haven't actually announced what those dates would be, but if you'd let me characterize it just a little loosely, and gas and electric could be slightly different, but I would expect we do something in the summer of '14, self-implementation would certainly be towards the very back-end of 2014, if not the early part of 2015. But I must say, the progress that we're making on the cost side of the ledger is so strong we'll be looking at that carefully, but we wouldn't want to tell you that we could wait beyond the 2015 test year.
John G. Russell: Yes. I think Tom showed you in his slide the detail behind it, Jonathan. One of the things that, I guess, surprised us -- pleasantly surprised us a little bit is we've been aggressively cutting costs for many years now. And many of these legacy costs changes that we made, particularly with the union in 2 contracts ago are paying dividends today. I mean, we're seeing the benefit of that. But also several years ago, we started initiative, which -- and just if you can bear with me a minute, I'll tell you how we've really gotten here. We're focused on improving safety, which we thought safety was the root of getting to the end and making us a successful company. We can't do it safe, we shouldn't be doing it. We've been able to move from fourth to first quartile in safety. After we did safety, the other focus we had is to ensure we have higher productivity. So we've been able to move from productivity of about, when we started measuring it up, about 40% or 50% over the past 5 years. And as Tom mentioned in his comments, which I think is important, our employee engagement is also now first quartile. So what we've been able to do is reduce cost, capture the productivity, the safety and the performance of our employees with the engagement. And what it's helping us do is reduce cost and serve customers better than what we expected by this time frame. So that's what's really driving this piece of it. But I tell you the one thing that surprised us most is how the continuation of the employees who are retiring with the legacy benefits compared to the new hires that we have that have some of the pay-as-you-go benefits, which has helped us substantially.
John G. Russell: No, I don't, Greg. I mean, that's something -- we don't serve that area, but it's a very important for Michigan as the state to have Detroit issues settled. So from that standpoint alone, certainly been a lot of media attention related to it. But I think they're on the path, albeit difficult, for success to move through some of the difficult things. So I see it in the long-term as a benefit. In the short term, it doesn't affect us.
John G. Russell: Yes, Ali, I think what you're going to see is that there'll be people that'll intervene in the case, and there's some excess capacity in Michigan that you know of today. And I think what you're going to see is other people will try to make a case that their plants are better to be purchased by us or are a long-term contract from us than what the Thetford plant that we're proposing is. I tell you, from my standpoint, right now, the plant that we're proposing has the best technology, has the best site. It currently has all the infrastructure in place to move forward. It creates the jobs in a rather depressed area. I think that's a benefit for everybody from that standpoint. But I will tell you the one thing that we will not do, if the CON is not approved, we will not go forward. And the second issue is we will not move forward with a long-term power purchase agreement. I mean, that's not in the best interest of our customers. Our customers are paying for those long-term PPAs that we have today. And the reason they're paying for it is that we don't have any flexibility with these long-term contracts, while market prices decline or capacity prices are low. So you may -- I expect this to be a pretty hotly-debated CON process, and what we'll end up at the end of the day is doing what's best for our customers. And I think that I'm glad you asked the question. That's something that we -- I want to make sure everybody understood.
John G. Russell: Exactly. Yes, short-term would be the case or a purchase if somebody if the plants out there that's potentially better than our plant, which I can't imagine that. But if it is, we would certainly look at that from a purchase standpoint.
John G. Russell: All right, thank you. Let me close today by saying the first half of the year has us on track to deliver our 11th year of consecutive financial performance. And as Tom was just mentioning, we appreciate your interest in CMS Energy, and we really hope you can join us in Grand Rapids. A couple of comments, just in addition to what Tom said. The Ludington Pumped Storage facility, as we know it right now, is the fourth largest in the world. So it is something to really see if you have the opportunity. And one of the questions came up about the city of Detroit and the bankruptcy, if you've never been to Grand Rapids, which is the largest city we serve, it'll be good opportunity to see that city and kind of the vibrant nature of that city compared to the east side of the state. Seeing the commissioners, I think, would be a great opportunity for you. And I also want you to be able to interact with the management team, which we'll have the full management team there. So a good opportunity to ask questions of us, ask questions to the regulators and see how we make this operation run. So with that, I appreciate your interest, and thank you for joining us today.
Thomas J. Webb: Well, to get a tracker mechanism in place, as you've described it, would require a rate case. So that's the sort of thing that we'll talk about with the next rate case. But I'm sure there'll be lots of dialogue around things like that over the course of the next year as people look at what's the right legislative model and what's the right regulatory model. So there'll be lots of discussion, lots of progress, but the implementation would be through a rate case.
Thomas J. Webb: We -- what we show is our growth kind of at a modest level. We'll plan over the period about 0.5% to 1% for electric weather-adjusted rate growth. And I think if you see something like that in '14, you shouldn't be surprised.
Thomas J. Webb: And if I might just add, I'd say that to your question about what's in the bag, we never like to say that the hard work we're doing is all in the bag. I mean, the operating guys would hang me if I said that. But I am going to go ahead and say it anyhow because what we're doing, a lot of it is already behind us, the way John just described it. And a lot of what's in front of us, we control it. It's things that we do. So from that sense, they're in the bag. There are a couple of things we do need help on, so one of the savings will be the securitization, so we will request the commission's help on the securitization, and we'll make that request in September. So we need their support on that. And we do have the CON in place, which is good economics for our customers, so we need their support on that. And then lastly, we do need an accounting order. It's almost a technicality, but it saves money for customers, so we're hopeful that they'll see that as a very positive thing as well. So there's a few things that we need some support on that aren't completely in our control, but most of this, we control it, we're doing it, so a CFO calls it in the bag even though there's a lot of work to do.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes. That savings will be about $20 million to customers, and that won't kick in until probably around 2015. And the reason for that is, this is all provided for in laws put in place 10 years ago. And it takes about 90 days for the commission to review if they think it's the right thing to do, and then we provide time for appeal. So all parties can participate in something like this and ask questions. We assume that process could take as long as into 2014. And if it does, therefore, we plan the benefits for our customers in 2015. If it happens earlier, that's great. But that's our plan.
Thomas J. Webb: We'd be securitizing in round numbers. $400 million, and the annual savings would be about $20 million.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes, it's a good question. We're actually being very patient with our operation at the Dearborn Industrial Generation facility. They run well, they do a good job. But as you know in the capacity market that we have in MISO, if you want to call it that, the capacity prices are very low. We believe they will come back up. Lots of debate over the pace and the magnitude, but what we don't want to do is lock in for the long-term lower prices. So what we are doing is short-term contracts. And we're looking at things like, to your point, PJM. We looked at taking one of our units there and bidding that into PJM. And I think that most people were disappointed with the prices that came out of that bid for 3 years from now for everybody. But they're still better than what we are getting in MISO today. So we'll have some decisions ahead as to whether we stay with that market for 3 years from now or whether we sell that off to a counter party. We'll have opportunities on that decision. But the way to think about our plant there, short-term contracts, well run, as prices start to come back up, we'll start to layer in, like a cake, different contracts to take this us out over a period of time. And we'll do longer periods, as the prices are a little bit better. DIG's been a good contributor to us in the past. It's still a small but good contributor today. I think it'll be a larger contributor in the future.
Thomas J. Webb: I think you'll get some good insights tomorrow, I believe, when DTE does their call. They clearly are closer to it and do a lot of good work there.
Thomas J. Webb: Well, Page 20 is a good one to look at. If you look at what's up in the top of that page, those are all things we'd plan to do, and they either are well underway or you could consider them like good plans. If you look at what's called additional cost controls, that's where you'll see some of the things that we're able to do to avoid our rate cases coming up, and therefore, keep our base rates flat. And so when you look at that, I'll just quickly highlight them, the low-cost financing I talked about, well it was kind of in the plan, but we didn't expect it to bear as much fruit. The Cross Winds was -- and the way you should think about that, there's a lot of advantages in what we did here. But the simple one is we moved quicker to make sure we get the PTC. If we'd gone a little slower, we might have risked getting the PTC. So that's a little extra plus that we picked up in our plan. Tax benefits, those are just simply doing some things that we hadn't intended to do before to pass on some tax benefits to our customers and we didn't have them in our plan before. So that's where we're going to add...
Thomas J. Webb: Yes. It's really -- well, it's actually extremely complicated. And I'll make it very simple. It has to do with cost of removal. And since 1993, we've been doing a form of accounting that just flowed all of the benefits through to our customers. Prior to that, so all the plants that were in place prior to that have cost of removal being collected overtime, which we still collect, the tax benefit hasn't been flowing through to our customers, and we're proposing to do that. That's just doing the accounting a little bit differently and helping our customers out for what we call those vintage plants. So that's a really good idea. Probably...
Thomas J. Webb: Well, no. Technically, that gives us an earnings benefit that was hung up on the balance sheet, which helps you offset the earnings impact of giving this money back to customers on a faster pace. And then on a cash flow standpoint, it's a negative cash flow for the company. It's positive for the customers, but we have other cash flow items that have offset all of that. So they neatly tuck together. And then the last one which is -- no, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Thomas J. Webb: Exactly. But what I will add to that, because you described it quite well, we have a nice program today that we've been doing over a decade of sharing our active premiums between employees pay a little bit and the company pays a little bit. We were not fully doing that kind of thing for our retiree health care. So we're just easing into that in a very gradual way. But you described it, by thinking about the benefit to the company of that into our customers of that over the long period of retirement, it adds up to quite a big number that you see here. So you described it correctly. I just want to color it to understand it. We're just sort of feathering that in slowly in a way that, just like our active employees' share in the premiums today, they'll share in the retiree health care wraparound of Medicare.
Thomas J. Webb: Let me take the 3 pieces individually so that -- because they're not all the same. On securitization, we assume the benefits in 2015, so we think that is a pretty standard process and that will work fine. If it didn't, that would not impact what we've just told you about rate cases for 2014. It would not. And then on the certificate of need for our new plant, the way you should think about that, we're very optimistic that we have the right proposal that it will be approved. But let's assume it weren't. If for some reason we're turned down, then we wouldn't build that plant. But as you know, John described it pretty well this morning, we have so much investment that's sitting out beyond this period, we'll be able to pull some of that customer investment in and replace that. So what I would say is that from an earnings and cash flow standpoint, that wouldn't really have a big impact, but it would be disappointing because it wouldn't provide the best operations for our customers. Then I would say on the tax case, if on that one -- we believe that's a pretty easy one to do, but I don't want to speak for the commission. It's an opportunity to reduce rates as we go forward for our customers. So to get that accounting order should be fairly simple to do, but if for some reason it was concluded that it would not be done, then we would relook at our rate cases, and we probably would file an electric and a gas rate case sooner than we described today. I don't anticipate that. I've kind of gone way over to the negative weeds to describe to you what would happen. I think we're on a good course. I believe the commission will, I don't want to speak for them, but I believe they will see the large benefits of these things and support the company's proposal. We'll see how that plays out. We'll know that one over the next month or 2 at most. And if we do fail, we'll revise our plan to file for rate cases, but I'm optimistic that we won't fail.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes, I think we are still seeing what I would call the recovery pattern. So the industrials had a nice resurgence, and now is building on really tough comps because they have completely recovered from the recession. And so -- and they're doing pretty well. And we follow that carefully because that, to us, is our leading indicator for residential and commercial. So just like they followed industrial down into the recession, they still are following slowly the industrial growth out of the recession. So there's 2 things to consider there. I think the residential will come back first and then the commercial will follow. We're seeing lots of seeds of people who are living together, either families, kids with their families, or adult kids or whatever. We're seeing them begin to branch out, and you see that through the housing stock. People are now moving into homes that were vacant, and people are now building and people are now moving upmarket a little bit. All those are good signs. So I think we're going to see residential do better as we go through time. And then commercial will follow. The commercial folks are very sensitive to the recession, and they're even more cautious than industrial in doubling down. The second point that I want to make sure is clear is that to see the real economic difference, take on an annual basis, those numbers, and add just a touch over 1% for energy optimization. We're tracking that information very carefully because we're actually helping people get there. And so both the residential and the commercial are doing a pretty good job. So if you add that back, you see the real economic growth, even though you do need to look at the net number, obviously. So that's pretty much what we see, and I just don't want to be overly optimistic about the pace of their recovery. But the industrial side is what drives it. That's what brings the jobs in, adds the confidence back and then you see the housing stock. I suppose I should say one other thing. As is typical with every long recession that I haven't heard people talk about much, but we're going to see it in Michigan, and other people may see it as well. Resurgence in housing gets delayed because the people that worked in housing retired for good or went off and did other things, and it's amazing. You'd think that with unemployment, you'd fill those holes right away. You don't. The talented trades and people that are needed to bring the housing industry back take a while to retrain and obtain, so I think we're also seeing that lag in Michigan. I'm not sure about the rest of the country. As people begin to come back into that, the right kind of talent, the right kind of plumbers and carpenters and electricians. The people that can't just walk into it from doing an unrelated job. So that's impacting it a little bit too. So we're cautious, and we think things are going to stay -- they're going to improve very gradually.
Thomas J. Webb: Well, I wouldn't project what we're going to say on October 24 at this point. But I'll tell you what I can do today. I can tell you that our long-term guidance continues to be 5% to 7%. But yes, I don't want to tell you we're going to give new guidance for '14. But I can tell you I think you're going to see a lot of nice eye-opener things about the sorts of investments we're doing for our customers and how the team manages that. And why we're so confident in what we're doing. You're also going to see a lot about our O&M programs, the new ones we just did. And you can see again there -- judge for yourselves, why we're so confident that we can offset these rate cases and actually limit the size of future rate cases because our O&M is funding a lot of the capital side. So you'll get to see a lot of the detail there, and I hope a lot of people can make it because those that haven't seen a big pump storage station, I think will be tickled to see the size and the beauty of the operation that's there, as well as the major upgrade that's underway. So that'd be pretty exciting. And the other nice thing when you come to this, and I hope everyone does, we hope to have all 3 commissioners there so that you can independently ask them of us, your questions, about Appendix A and about our ability to push off these rate cases and why that makes sense or not to them. And they'll give you their own opinions and their own views, which, I think, is a really healthy thing to do. So there'll be a lot going on, and I hope you can make it.
