Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Rejji. I'll leave you with this. Nearly two decades of industry-leading financial performance for you -- our investors regardless of conditions, administrations, political parties, economic environments even a pandemic, we deliver. Our strong legislative and regulatory construct, a robust capital runway, industry-leading cost management, conservative planning and our commitment to deliver across the triple bottom-line all of this makes for a strong investment thesis and makes us an investment you can count on. With that, Elliot please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: Well first of all Shar thanks for the compliments. We are executing well and I'm pleased with the first half of the year. But we're still on plan for our Q4 call for our capital update. And let me offer a little color and context around that. Big reason for our execution and our ability to deliver year-after-year is one of the things we worked through with that capital plan. And that's from the bottom up. We're looking at every one of those capital investments to make sure it's going to offer the affordability and benefits to our customers. And so they'll stack on one another. We want to make sure that we're also able to execute on those. So that's a matter of understanding our workforce, the work lined up in a year and so that we're sure that we can deliver on that capital plan. And then you add that IRP yes, there's Covert, which is great visibility. But one of the other portions of that settlement was bringing in storage, battery storage 75 megawatts in the period of 2024 to 2027. So we've got to make sure that that's constructed and built into this five-year plan as well as – we've spoken in the past about Voluntary Green Pricing programs is additional renewables for some of our largest customers. And so that's materializing as well. And so that's another factor that's going in that plan. So we want to make sure that we can deliver on it. That leads to the success of our execution. And so that's why we're going to be putting out in Q4 – our Q4 call.
Garrick Rochow: Again, Shar we feel good about where we're at here at the first half of the year. But as you know, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we plan conservatively. Here's what I know in 2021, during the third quarter we lost $0.16 due to storms. We still delivered on 2021, but again, there's a lot of year left. And so we're prudent as we move forward. The other thing we look at is where are the opportunities to reinvest, provide benefit for our customers and investors as we move toward the end of the year. That helps to de-risk future years and again continues to strengthen and lengthen that long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8% toward the high end.
Garrick Rochow: And if I could just add, just a macro factor here and this is from the Governor's office. This year-to-date, $11.8 billion of investment opportunities announced in Michigan. Those are projects that have agreed to locate expand. There's actually 30 companies in all and 15,000 new jobs. And so that's from the governor's office here mid-July. And so still looks very robust here in Michigan we looked at from a macro perspective.
Garrick Rochow: I love our energy law. I really do. I'm not joking there. The 2016 energy law was here in Michigan was solid on the supply and demand side. And so when we go through an integrated resource plan, we've got to do all the modeling all the analysis to show that the supply and demand is going to meet and have some reserve margin on that. That's a requirement of a load-serving entity which we are. So I feel good about where Michigan is headed within MISO. And I can't speak for all of MISO, but I feel good about where Michigan is at. And I'll remind people -- remind all the people on this call that part of this IRP is to bring Covert in. Covert right now is in the PJM market and we're moving it over to the MISO market. That's 1.2 gigawatts of additional supply that's being brought into MISO and brought here to serve our customers. And so that's why we feel good about it. Our IRP we're still on pace and plan for retirement of all coal to be out of coal by 2025.
Garrick Rochow: Jeremy, you've given like what 12 hours to digest it all. Here's what I would say -- here's what I would say on it, because we've done some preliminary review and we're still digesting a lot of facts on it. Solar PTC is a big win in there and that's something we've been advocating for in Washington. We've been advocating the industry. Hats off to Rejji. Rejji has been making the calls with CFOs 1.5 years ago when it was first being talked about. And so we're excited about that portion of it what that means for 8 gigawatts. So it's going to be lower cost for our customers, as we build out more solar and it will provide -- put us on par with developers. So we like that. We know there's a storage ITC as well that will come into play in 2024 to 2027 as we build out 75 megawatts of storage. There's a lot of upside for the industry one of the birthplace of the automobile. I talked about the $11.8 billion. Most of that is in the automotive space. There's opportunities for load growth in the automotive business to grow as they make their transition. There's incentives in there for solar production in the US. In Michigan, one of our largest customers is the largest -- one of the world's largest producers of polysilicon crystals which go into solar panels and technology electronics. And so that's another -- and we see that as an upside. There's a big tailwind on EVs. EVs are a nice part of load growth. It's not in our forecast, but there's the continuing credits for purchase of EVs. And so there's a lot of good stuff in here. We're still digesting all the specifics but feeling good. Feeling good with coming out of the Senate. And of course, there's negotiations with the house in front of us.
Garrick Rochow: I just want to add on to this too, in both 2020 and 2021 we saw record interconnections service line connections with residential homes. And so record from a company perspective an annual perspective. And so Again, I can't compare that to what other utilities are seeing. But for us it's really nice residential load performance across our service territory.
Garrick Rochow: Well, remember one of the -- just -- roughly 40% of our workforce is unionized and we have a union contract for those and those were signed in 2020. And that contract is a five-year contract that goes to 2025. And so there's some normal escalation. But you go back to 2020 when that contract was signed again we didn't see quite dis-inflationary pressure. And so again it's measured it's budgeted it's planned for. And so I'm not seeing much change there. Across our non-unionized workforce we've had roughly -- our retention rate -- we haven't seen the Great Resignation at all. And we've seen solid retention across the pandemic period. And so again we haven't had to go out and do a lot of hiring over the time period. And so that's been helpful too from a cost perspective labor perspective.
Rejji Hayes: Hey, good morning, Jeremy, it's Rejji. I appreciate the question. Obviously, we feel quite good about the load trends we're seeing in our service territory and I'll just remind folks on some of the specifics. And so we had residential down a little over 0.5%. So that's year-to-date versus year-to-date 2021 commercial and industrial. And as always our industrial excludes one large low-margin customer, up about 3% and then all in up about 1.5 points. And so we feel quite good about that. And particularly with respect to residential, we continue to see that good stickiness with the hybrid workforce, which likely will be a trend that continues on. And obviously that's a high-margin segment. And so relative to 2019 residential is up about a little over 2%. And so again that stickiness just really carries on. We continue to see from an economic development perspective, just good activity in the service territory. And obviously, with some of the news in D.C. yesterday, I would think that the CHIPS Act and some of the other legislative items that may be coming down the pipe could lead to more economic development opportunities or increase the probability of some of the stuff that is coming in Michigan's way or is in the prospects for Michigan. So very encouraged with the load trends and anecdotal again, we're hearing from our customers that they continue to feel good about the economic environment. So I feel quite good about the road ahead. And going forward again we continue to anticipate that you'll start to head back to those pre-pandemic levels. And so we would anticipate that from a residential perspective, but we continue to be surprised to the upside and commercial and industrial continue to trend very well. So that's our take on load at the moment.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Michael. I would say, we're obviously still evaluating options. You have the purchase price of Covert spot on at $815 million. And so as you know, our rate construct we would fund about half of that debt at the utilities to call it roughly $400 million, and the balance would be parent financing. And mathematically, that gets you to about $400 million, but we'll still consider what the alternatives might be. And obviously, we've got quite a bit of time to fund it. And so we'll look at our dribbling our ATM equity issuance program, whether that will be the full $400 million remains to be seen. And so we'll see how the price of other alternatives like those hybrid securities which for the past six to seven months or so have really priced quite competitively. And so if that changes over time, we may tranche it a little bit. And so I'd say, it's still early days, but we could go up to about $400 million. We've got that much on the shelf but we'll see how the pricing trends over the next handful of months. And then with respect to the accretion at this point, I'd say, it's a little premature to offer precisely how accretive it would be to the $0.03 to $0.04 that we initially provided because clearly that would depend on the price at which we issue equity, if we do choose to dribble. And so I'd say, more variables at this point to provide any prescriptive point of view, but it would be directionally accretive to based on the relative cost right now of our equity versus other securities.
Rejji Hayes: We'll, see. I mean I think betting at 670 still gets you into Cooperstown. So we've been encouraged with the IRP and the gas rate settlement, electric obviously, many more stakeholders many more variables. And we've been successful there before. So we're cautiously optimistic but early days, and we'll look and see where the staff is in about a month and we'll go from there. But I would say, early days to make any prediction at this point.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So Julien just to be clear you're talking about the alternative minimum tax with respect to last night's – 
Rejji Hayes: Okay. Yeah, with respect to climate bill. So, again as Garrick noted we're still digesting. I think it's about 700 pages, and our folks in federal affairs and on the tax side are really, really good at what they do and their fast readers, but 700 pages is a lot to digest in 12 hours. But I'd say, basically, what we've done so far as I understand it the structure that's contemplated is consistent with what we were talking about around EEI several months ago, where there's a three-year average on pre-tax operating income around $1 billion. And if you're below that threshold, you're not subject to the minimum tax. And so from our perspective given our size we would likely not chin that bar for some time. Now needless to say, we aspire to at some point because we're a growing company. But in the short term, I think, we'd be perhaps not subject to it initially. And we're still looking at -- again, if it's structured how it was when we were talking about this at EEI, you could apply tax credits through up to 75% of the tax liability. And again, we're still looking to see whether that's in the bill but that's how it was structured initially. And so I'd say, there's a bit more work to be done on our side before we can speak to it. But I'd say, to cut through it in the short term we don't think there's a significant impact on us again given our size. And if they apply that three-year average of $1 billion of pre-tax operating income we just wouldn't chin that bar for a little while.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. From a pension perspective, again, our story has been quite good for some time now. As you may recall, we have been very active in making discretionary contributions to our pension plan over the year particularly in years in which we were pretty flush from an OCF perspective. And so we're well overfunded. At this point, we're -- we have two pension plans and both are over 120% funded. Clearly asset experience is tough for most, but we have relatively low equity content in our pension plans. And I would say based on how our pension is structured at this point we're a bit more levered to interest rate movement. And with discount rates effectively going up year-over-year, we actually see it in the short term as a net benefit. And so we actually are seeing actually, a little bit of upside particularly since we recently remeasured our plan. So from our perspective, it's actually net positive at the moment and we feel quite good about the level of funding for the plan.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So obviously, our rate construct is a little nuanced but it would help us as well because obviously it would allow us potentially, if you think about the 8 gigawatts of solar that we're going to be executing on over the next 15 to 20 years we're currently structured to at a minimum own about half of that. And if we can be more competitive, because of that benefit with the – obviously, the elimination of normalization then we could potentially pencil the own projects in a manner that's comparable with the PPA or contracted portion. And that would make a case for owning more than 50% over time. And so obviously, that could add to rate base opportunities. So we feel quite good about, what we've read today. But again, obviously more to digest.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Andrew, thanks for the question. I would say starting with that $0.24 to $0.28 a negative variance in the six months to go bucket of that waterfall chart on Page 7, that is a combination of conservative planning. And so that's really a catch-all bucket. And so we've got in their non-weather sales assumption year to go. We've got a little enterprises performance and so -- and some parent expenses. So there's conservatism, as it pertains to those variables, but the vast majority of that is just contingency that we've accrued, just based on the performance in the first half of the year. And so obviously, weather was -- has been a big help. It's offered upside to plan. We've seen a little cost performance as well and a little bit of non-weather upside. So sales have been strong as well as cost performance and that's, what's driving a good portion of that bucket. So it's really just where we've parked the contingency, which gives us a lot of flexibility which kind of segues into the second part of your question about what we're doing with respect to pull ahead. And so I would say, at this point because we still have six months ago, we really tried not to do a whole lot because we still have to get through storm season and see where Q3 is which not just from a store perspective, but also in terms of earnings contribution that's usually where we have the vast majority of our EPS contribution. So we've been cautious. We've done a little bit more with respect to forestry and we've done a little bit more reliability work. Obviously, we made some commitments as part of the IRP and gas settlements with respect to low income support. And so those are things we like to do, and we'll continue to evaluate opportunities for pull-aheads to de-risk 2023, some more going into the second half of the year. It's also important to remember, we also put in place a really nice regulatory mechanism a few years ago our voluntary refund mechanism, which effectively allows us to make decisions late in the year from an operational pull-ahead perspective get effectively the accounting benefit, in the current year and then a commitment to do work in the subsequent year. And so that gives us even more flexibility, as we head into the Q4 and deep into Q4, if we're seeing upside that's in excess of plan. It just gives us a bit more flexibility to commit to more work and again see the sort of accounting benefits of that in the current year. So a lot of flexibility going forward. We've made some moves to date from an O&M, pull ahead perspective. But again we're obviously, cautious at this point because we've got a lot of Q3 left and we're waiting to see what happens with storms and weather.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. To answer the last question first, if you put aside the potential funding of Covert as we mentioned on the call today with potentially considering equity, there is no plan to issue equity beyond that until 2025, as per our initial guidance when we rolled out our $14.3 billion five-year plan in Q1 of this year. So we're still committed to not issuing equity through 2024 or more specifically until 2025, but for the funding of Covert.  And in terms of how we'll time that and how we'll think through that obviously we'll look at the valuation of the stock versus the relative cost of other hybrid securities and we'll look to be opportunistic from time to time. And we've seen just great pricing in the past with those dribble programs. And so, we'll look to utilize some of that. But again, I think we've got a lot of flexibility because we're not scheduled to acquire Covert until May of next year. So quite a bit of time to evaluate and we'll be opportunistic and dribble out so likely over the coming months.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. David thanks for the question. Obviously, we would love to see equity ratios if not stabilize go the other way and go up because we do believe that we have yet to see a remediation from tax reform when it was enacted in 2017, which led to a 200-basis point degradation in our FFO to debt overnight, as well as cash flow degradation. And so, we're going to continue to make the case. In our cases that we filed that equity thickness should go up. And again, we'll make the case going forward.  And what I would mention is obviously in the case of the gas rate case settlement there were a number of stakeholders involved in that process we thought given the circumstances and all the other constructive aspects of the settlement. We were comfortable with the equity thickness where it was. But again, we still think it should be higher than that.  I think it's also important to note that we still have deferred tax flowbacks from tax reform where again we're giving back deferred taxes to customers. And that has the effect of skinning-in [ph] or reducing the 0 cost of capital component in our rate making capital structure which offset some of that reduction in the authorized equity thickness.  And so to be very specific here, our equity thickness in this gas settlement went down from a little over 52% to about 50.75%. So roughly 130 basis points of reduction. However, about 50 basis points of that was offset in our ratemaking equity thickness because of the 0 – the reduction of that 0 cost of capital layer. And so, again we'll continue to make the case. We still think equity thickness should continue to go up or should start to go up. And again, the onus is on us to make the case.
Rejji Hayes: So I'm just going to go back to what we committed to when we rolled out our five-year plan again, before the IRP and before Covert. So just so everyone's granted. So we said $14.3 billion of capital and we would not need to issue equity until 2025 and 2026 of the outer years of the plan. And at that point we would do about $250 million per year in 2025 and 2026. So now with Covert, we said, we may dribble a portion of that. And I would say the funding of Covert, that's not going to eliminate those outer-year needs if that's specifically the question. So the $250 million we said we'd issue in 2025 and 2026, because we're issuing equity to fund Covert. Where we sit today we don't think that obviates the need to do that equity in those outer years. But we'll see I mean obviously we'll see what happens with respect to economic performance, load, EPS how much earnings we retain and so on. But again, from where we sit today this does not eliminate need for equity in those outer years.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So year-to-date, yeah, like I said about a little over 0.5% down versus year-to-date 2021 and then on a quarterly basis Q2 was a little about up about 25 basis points versus Q2 of 2021. And so as we said in the past, we've actually been quite pleased with what we've seen -- we've been quite pleased with what we've seen so far in terms of residential load. It exceeds our expectations. We assumed a much more aggressive sort of return to work or return facilities type of work environment in 2022. And we're still seeing pretty good stickiness in that hybrid work environment and still seeing pretty good load in the residential segment which obviously is higher margin. So it's exceeded our expectations of performance. I can't speak to the performance of others but we've been quite pleased with what we've seen being down only about 0.5% year-to-date. And again, I'll remind you, we're up over 2% versus where we were pre-pandemic. So the stickiness and resilience is still there and that's obviously offering favorable mix. I think it's also worth noting that we plan. And we'll continue to plan incredibly conservatively Ryan. And so when we see performance like that even though it's slightly down it's still offering upside relative to plan.
