Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rejji. As you look at Slide 9, I'll remind you again, our track record spans two decades of consistent industry-leading results despite changing commissioners, legislatures and governors, recessions, severe weather and storm activity, or a pandemic. We're here for the long haul. We have powered Michigan's progress for nearly a century-and-a-half. And as we look ahead, we see great opportunities to support the state's growth through critical infrastructure as we help power Michigan through the next century. With that, Bailey, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: I have confidence in our ability to deliver. That's the first point, Jeremy. And we know there's a lot of year remaining. And so really in all our efforts, we look to build contingency out throughout the year. And so maybe if I just take a step back because I know this is a popular question today and just talk about our playbook. Rejji alluded to it, but let me offer a little more specifics. And I'd break it into really five areas. The first one is we plan conservatively. And you know this, Jeremy. We've done this year after year after year. That's what leads to our consistency, one of the reasons we had consistent financial performance. And also, we talked about this in Q4. What we did in 2022 to derisk the year. And then just adding to Rejji's points, we budget for storms, and we buy it conservatively for storms because we know they occur throughout the year. And so in many cases, this is just a weather story. So the first piece is just we plan conservatively. The second piece of the plan is the CE Way. And you -- this is another strong suit for us. And I'll remind everybody, it's industrial engineering, and it's a lean operating system. It's science, it is proven throughout the years for many different companies. And I see a great opportunity that we continue to deliver on year after year. Scheduling optimization is one example underway right now. We're making capital IT investments to get other efficiency improvements. It improves customer satisfaction while reducing costs. Our run rate has typically been around $50 million a year, as you know, and there's a lot more muscle we have there. The third piece is really around the labor piece. And that is what you would expect. We released some consultants. Our contractors are flexible, so we dialed that down a bit. We pinched back on overtime and then we hold on hiring. And so those things help as well. The fourth area is really discretionary spending. It's limiting conferences and travel and some of the training. And you think that's small, but it's actually big when you apply it across the entire company. And then the fifth piece and Rejji hit on it was, good tax planning and just opportunistic financing. And so that's the recipe. And as I said, this isn't our first rodeo. If you go back to the pandemic, we had to find $100 million. 50% of it came through the CE Way, 50% through other actions, very similar to what we're doing right now. And so we're going to chin this bar, and we're going to add some contingency throughout the year. So I feel very confident in our ability to deliver and to weather whatever Mother Nature throws at us throughout the year.
Garrick Rochow: First things first, this is a good and constructive starting point. If I was just to dissect it a little bit for you, what we saw from staff in the AG as far as ROE was better than previous staff and AG positions. And so that bodes well for an ROE and some of the financial metrics. The other important piece is we build that -- remember, we built that case over Q3 and Q4 last year. And so gas prices were rising. We also saw some expense from pension OPEB perspective, but when you fast forward to today, those have changed. And so gas prices are lower. We snapped the line at the end of the year on pension and OPEB expense. And so we got a $212 million ask, but that effectively pulls that down because the fact pattern is different than what we saw when we built the case. And then the big piece is that people are talking about here is the sales forecast. And there's about $10 million, $12 million difference there. And so let me walk through that. We have used this method since 2010 to project sales. It's a 15-year regression type model. We haven't changed a bit. It's tried and true and it's accurate. And here's the important point. Back in 2010, the commission ordered us, let me repeat, the commission ordered us to use this method. That was in case U15986. And so we're doing exactly what the commission told us to do. So we feel like really good about where we're positioned there. And so there's a lot of cats and dogs, but bottom line, take this away, it's a good constructive starting point. The other thing you asked about settlement, we'll always look for the opportunity for settlement, but again, we sit in a very constructive jurisdiction. So I'm very comfortable taking it to the end and getting it forward from the commission.
Garrick Rochow: The latter is the main focus. And then -- I mean all the time, it could lead to extend out some rate cases. But our focus right now is just making sure there's the accountability piece and the ring fencing that -- that the Chair has referenced in some of his public comments.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. So just to give you some real numbers on this, so about in 2020, it was around $50 million on an annual basis. And with support of the Commission through different cases, we requested more to address this important aspect of reliability, we were up around $100 million on an annual basis. And there's a couple of components of it. And we're continuing to look at other opportunities to invest more in that. But we're also looking at the efficiency of that and so this is an area where we're using technology and artificial intelligence and analytics to be able to better predict where to utilize those dollars. And so we've -- our trees, trim per mile has actually improved over the time period as well. And so that's helpful in the conversations we have with the Commission, and then we'll continue to look for opportunities to look at other areas to invest and improve reliability, much like I said during my comments around the capital investments. I know Rejji wants to add to it as well.
Garrick Rochow: Well, we have a long runway, and we invest -- we update our plan every year. But that 5-year plan includes about $6 billion of investments in the electric distribution system. That is up. That was up in this most recent plan. And we'll continue to look at as we model across the system as there's additional investments, we'll continue to look at opportunities to invest more there. There's a long runway of opportunity just given the nature of our system.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. I'll tag team with Rejji. Just the context around this. These are pretty small dollars. And the bottom line, we have this option to file a voluntary refund mechanism. And we did that in 2022, the dollars are booked in 2022, but it's not a cake walk, like it's not assured that you're going to get approval, staff and the commissioners have a say in that, right? And they really telegraph the importance of incremental forestry and some other things with our customers in terms of helping out those low-income customers. And so they've really given us another opportunity at the bat, and we filed that here on April 21 to reflect the commissioners and staff comments. And so I feel good about getting to a positive outcome on that and it's just navigating kind of the back and forth of the process, Durgesh.
Garrick Rochow: Great question. Let me -- I think perspective is really important here because often in Lansing, just part of bill. There's a lot of back and forth, and there's media releases and then you just got to kind of clear the air and talk about it from a big picture perspective. And so I'll remind our listeners here that in the governor's first term, she introduced a healthy climate plan. And in fact, one of the members on my direct staff was one of the stakeholders in that process and was involved in the review and kind of the language around it. And then I participated with a group of about eight to 10 CEOs and the governor in the review process. And so that -- the governor's called the climate plan lines up really well with where we're headed from a state perspective, but also lines up well with our current IRP and the like. Now the legislature has -- the Senate specifically, has introduced some new builds that are a little bit more aggressive, but I want to remind everybody, this is the back and forth of Lansing. And that's the first starting point. That's the first valley you might say. And so we're going to continue to navigate that and move forward with that and manage that process. Ultimately, at the end of the day, if it requires something -- for us to do something sooner, we'll do that sooner. And that will mean more capital investment opportunities. But I want to let everyone know it's really manageable and, again, well aligned with where we're already headed.
Garrick Rochow: Great question. And it's important to recognize we're not trying to underground the entire system, and it's really about selective or sometimes I've used the word strategic undergrounding. And again, we know from EPRI research across a number of utilities, you're in a 50% to 90% improvement, whether it's three phase or a single phase. And so ideally, we're trying to get to a point where we can do 400 miles a year. And then really over a 10-year period, kind of increment that up. So I would say the range of around 10,000 miles is really what we're trying to get to overall. It's not going to occur overnight, but that does provide a nice opportunity to enhance the reliability and resilience of our system and provide a nice opportunity from a capital investment standpoint.
Garrick Rochow: So we're being very thoughtful about our starting point, and we see it as an opportunity to grow from there. But our first valley will be in the $100 million range for an IRM and then we'll grow it from there.
Garrick Rochow: So what are the things -- we're doing some -- we've done a lot of -- I shouldn't say a lot, but we're doing a lot of work with our undergrounding crews right now. And that price for undergrounding, particularly on a single phase, is approaching the price of overhead. It's not quite there yet, but close. And so we're in the range on single phase maybe like $250,000 a mile for undergrounding. Again, it's directional bore. And give or take, it depends on the conditions of the soil and homes and other things, but that's roughly the number. And so they're really quite comparable or growing comparable in terms of that price point. And so again, we've got pretty fertile soils. We have pretty soft soils. And so we're not in rock and some of those things, which helps from a cost perspective.
Garrick Rochow: So we do know -- I mean, it's public information that Holtec, who is responsible for decommissioning the facility and has the operating rights there in the facility, has requested federal funding. They've also requested state funding within this budget, which is being worked right now, state budget. So that will be figured out in this May, June, July time frame. They've asked $300 million in the state budget. Again, this is public information. What I would expect to see from this is a lower cost for power. We've had Palisades, it's been expensive PPA when we expect it to be lower given all the tax dollars that are applied there. And that power should flow into Michigan. So those are important components of it. So we expect low-cost power, as I've said historically, and we're open to consider a PPA with the financial compensation mechanism, but at this point, we've got a good IRP in place. And if that comes to fruition, it will shape our next IRP. But it's really too soon to tell on how it would shape upcoming IRPs.
Garrick Rochow: That's too hard to tell. And frankly, this bringing a nuclear plant back as -- to my knowledge, has not been done. And so there's a lot of hurdles and a lot of unknowns there. I'm not saying it can't happen, but there's just a lot of unknowns. And so it's difficult to say whether it will have an impact or not on our next IRP.
Garrick Rochow: There's been a lot of conversations and there will continue to be more conversations on this important work of undergrounding. We'll be doing some additional piloting within the context of this proposed electric rate case, and then we'll continue to look at other opportunities to build out on that. But going back to the storm model, this is really our opportunity to get further alignment with the Commission on the important investments that need to be made to improve reliability and resiliency. And I would suggest that both the Commission, staff and the company and all our coworkers here, too, are really well aligned on ensuring that we're improving reliability and resiliency. You talked about the affordability piece as well. And that's clearly top of mind. Part of that is we leverage the CE Way, not only to improve our operations and maintenance expense, but we utilize it to improve capital efficiency. So that dollar goes further. Just like I shared earlier, we continue to look at opportunities to bring the cost down of undergrounding and frankly, of all our capital work.
Garrick Rochow: So when we introduced in Q4 call, we introduced our $15.5 billion capital investment plan. And that had more electric distribution and electric related spend in that plan was like $6.1 billion of that, which was an increase. We're not changing our capital plan at this point because we increased it just here in the last call. That may change over time because we look at that capital plan every year. And as I've shared, there's a long runway of opportunity there. And so as we get certainty around these investments, as we build out that 5-year electric distribution plan, that will be an opportunity to look at the longer-term capital piece. Now going back to the growth piece. 6% to 8%, we said confidence toward the high end, and that puts it in that range of 7% to 8%. Historically, I've said this, I'll say it again, there are no sugar highs, and we go for consistency year after year. And so that's we compound of access. That's the quality of earnings that we aim for and we will continue to repeat year after year, because we know that's what our investors value.
Garrick Rochow: Let me start with Germain Phillips. And it was -- I have great respect for Germain. He was a great commissioner, and we saw constructive outcomes. And he left the legacy at the Commission, and I'd put it into three areas. One, he really moved electric vehicles in the state. And it was forward-thinking and progressive about that work. And then in addition to that, there was a lot of work and grid monetization and optimization of the grid that he helped position within the commission. And the third piece, and this is -- have really played out nicely over the course of the pandemic is he was laser-focused on low income and vulnerable customers. And I give him credit as well as the Commission for the work. We have the lowest bad debt levels across the industry. And so we've taken care of our low-income customers during some of the toughest times during this pandemic. And so much of that credit goes to Germain Philips. But I'll also refer you to -- he's got a public statement out there. He's successful, but so is his wife is successful. And his wife has went after new opportunities, and so many thanks, and congratulations to both Germain, his wife and his family as they pursue different career opportunities. This Commission has functioned well in the past with two commissioners. And we've got two constructive, experienced commissioners in place. And so I'm not worried about the interim at all. And if you look historically as well as with this governor, Governor Whitmer here, they've been very thoughtful about the placement of commissioners and found experience and well-suited commissioners to continue the constructive environment, regulatory environment in Michigan. We do know that the governor is out -- the governor's staff is out looking for a new commissioner. That process is underway, but we don't have a deadline or a date out there and when that will take place. But again, I have confidence in our governor to continue the long-standing tradition of this jurisdiction in a constructive jurisdiction. I'm going to pass the call over to Rejji here to talk a little bit about the financial information to your second part of your question.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Bailey. I'd like to thank you for joining us today. We'll see you on the road soon. Take care, and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: Julien, this is Rejji. Yes, you've got it exactly right. And Garrick, I think, offered a wonderful dissertation on how we approach cost reduction opportunities. The only thing I would add to his comments is that when it comes to cost reduction, we don't discriminate. We look across the entire cost structure. When you exclude depreciation, it's about $7 billion annually and about $1 billion of that is a combination of interest expense and tax related spend, combination of federal, state income tax as well as property tax. And so we look across all of those cost categories to identify opportunities. And what you're seeing in that pronouncement bar in that waterfall are opportunities that we anticipate around potential prefunding. As you know, we aggressively look at the maturity profile of our bonds and see if there are opportunities to take out bonds prematurely. So we'll look at those. And then again, on the tax planning side, we're always looking for opportunities to reduce costs, whether that's for state tax, property tax or otherwise. And so that's what's incorporated into that last item. And again, that's all I would add to Garrick's good comments on how we approach cost reduction.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Julien, the only thing I would add is that when we think about the planning year and particularly years in which we have a little bit of upside or contingency, usually vegetation management is one of the first items that comes up on the Flex list. And last year, in fact, and we were -- had a little bit of upside that was weather driven. We did about $5 million or so of flex related to vegetation management. So our actuals, even though we've budgeted around $100 million as Garrick noted for last year, I think our actuals were closer to $105 million, certainly over $100 million. And so Flex is an opportunity for us to do additional vegetation management. And then remember, we have that voluntary refund mechanism, which is also a vehicle through which we can do incremental operating expenses. And so the current voluntary refund mechanism that we have outstanding, we've targeted about $8 million towards additional vegetation management this year out of the $17 million that we allocated to the electric business. And as you know, we obviously pulled that lever in Q4 of last year for $22 million all in. And again, a portion of that will be allocated towards vegetation management, assuming we get Commission approval. So that's the other mechanism we have as well.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, sure. This is Rejji. Great question. So as always, I think we had a word count of about 6x or 7x in our prepared remarks, where we talked about planning conservatively. And that has been the case here. And so in our plan, we had pretty conservative assumptions at the operating company, and that's where the vast majority of the issuances are this year. And we've been fortunate for the issuances we've done to date to issue those at levels -- interest rate levels below what we haven't planned. So we're seeing upside, and that's already flowing through our '23 numbers. And obviously, we'll benefit from that in '24 and beyond because we're issuing a long-dated paper. And so certainly, with interest rates moderating over the last several months, that creates additional opportunities, and that's what we'll be mindful of as we look at the final sort of six, seven months of the year and seeing if we can capitalize on the obviously, the accommodative capital markets that we're seeing right now.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. That's the essence of it, Durgesh. Just to give you some specifics on the numbers. So when we filed the VRM in late 2022 it was for $22 million, $5 million of which was to support our vulnerable customers in the gas side of the business. That was fully approved by the commission and where there was some, I'd say, counseling guidance by the commission was on the balance of the $17 million that we allocated to the electric business. And to Garrick's comments, they wanted to see direct customer benefits. And so that's why we have recently, as of last Friday, requested service -- sorry, additional forestry or vegetation management as well as additional support for vulnerable customers. So that's how it's cut. Just that $17 million is subject to further approval and we're confident that we'll get this recent request over the finish line.
Rejji Hayes: David, this is Rejji. Appreciate the question. Yes, weather normalized trends, I will admit we were scratching our heads a little bit at the trends that we saw. And just for everyone's benefit, we saw residential about 2.5 -- a little over 2.5% off versus Q1 of 2022. Commercial, a little over 3.5% off versus Q1 of 2022. Industrial was flat excluding one large low-margin customer. And then total was down about a little over 2.5% versus Q1 of last year. And I would say it's really early days. We are still digging into the data. I would just start by saying, as hard as our sales forecasting team works, weather normalized math is a combination of art and science. And when you see, I'd say, dramatic weather like we saw in Q1 of last year, where it was extremely cold and then a pretty warm winter as we noted earlier, Q1 of this year. You can see a good degree of imprecision in those calculations. And so I say all that to say, we're looking at it with a little bit of a skeptical eye because the reality is we're still seeing very strong economic indicators in the service territory. Our customer count specifically for commercial, we're up almost 0.5% -- over 0.5% to almost one point across the electric and gas businesses residential customer counts are still up. And while we have built into our guidance, that continued return to work, we're still seeing a good level of really not every company in Michigan at this point has four, five days in the office. And so we still think as we get into the summer months, we may see some of that favorable mix we've seen in the past. And so I would say early days, there's probably a little bit of noise in the data. And I'll just say on the industrial side, we were flat again versus where we were last year, but we couldn't have a more robust economic development pipeline borne out of a lot of the constructive federal legislation that's been passed over the 18 months. And we continue to look at our trends versus pre-pandemic and across every customer class we're doing as well, if not better, than what we were doing pre-pandemic, particularly when you take into account our energy efficiency programs, which effectively reduced our load year-over-year by 2%. And so again, I don't think what you're seeing in Q1 and then the data is indicative of the economic conditions in Michigan. I think it's just more a weather-normalized math versus anything else.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Andrew, the only thing I would add to Garrick's Eric's comments, when you think -- the only thing I would add to Garrick's comments, when you think about the cost benefit and the potential opportunity, if you look at the last few years of our vegetation management plus our service restoration, we're spending on average based on actual is about $200-plus million per year across those two cost categories. And so the opportunity would be over time with those investments in underground and to potentially reduce that overall cost bucket. And so that's how we would think about the cost benefit in addition to some of the points Garrick raised earlier.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, I'll take a stab at that, Andrew, and we can follow up with more precision on off-line, if needed. Where we ended the year, we had -- well, goodness into 2022, just over $800 million across our supply costs in the electric side on the gas inventories on the gas side of the business. So call it about a $450 million, $400-ish million split, to $850 million. We started to chip away at that. Obviously, we have very strong cost recovery mechanisms in Michigan, which have been kind of tried and true since the mid-'80s. And so we do expect on the gas side to recover the vast majority of that over the course of this fiscal year. And then for electric, we did apply a bit of elegance to a recovery process for power supply cost. And so of the $450 million we had coming due in January, we filed with the commission a plan to recover that over a 3-year span. So effectively $150 million per year through 2025. And just given the current environment, we thought that, that was the right thing to do to alleviate the cost burden for customers. And we also thought our balance sheet could accommodate it as well. And it's also the way we've structured it, just the fact that we're no longer going to be recovering those costs through working capital now through a regulatory asset, it's actually credit accretive based on how Moody's calculates these -- their FFO. And so for a variety of reasons, it was a nice opportunity, and we've exercised it in the first quarter.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. To be clear, this is the benefit of filing annual cases because as we realize those savings, which, again, when they're generated the CE Way, they are sustainable, we will pass them on in subsequent cases or as part of the adjudicated process. Because when we file rebuttal, we start to bake in some of those savings midstream. And so there is a pretty transparent dialogue with the commission staff and other interveners about the opportunities we think are sustainable, and that's what we incorporate into our cases. And again, that's the benefit of being an annual filer.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. The only other thing I'll mention, just to be clear, there is a bit of geography, you have to be mindful of as well. So when we say parent-related savings, whether they're tax planning or financing efficiency, some of that is at the holding company, in which case, it wouldn't be incorporated into an adjudicated process because they're not at the opco level. So some of those will directly go to shareholders. And so I think that's also very clear to the commission and other stakeholders in the context of a rate case.
