Garrick Rochow: Yes. Thanks, Insoo, for your question. A couple of things on this. I think it's important to understand, particularly in August here had some storm. We performed well during the storm. But again, it's catching a little media attention. And I think one of the things that's really important to recognize here in Michigan is the impacts the great Lakes and what Lake Michigan does to the weather and storms. And then also just a longer-term trend we see is increasing wind speeds across Michigan in part due to climate change. And the bottom line is we see a real investment opportunity and resiliency. The commission has been supportive of many of the reliability and resiliency efforts in our electric rate case, but there's more to do. There's more to do in this space. And so I really view this as a collaboration where we can work to. Again, I think we're both the commission and the company are well aligned here in what we need to do in terms of reliability and resiliency. So I really view it as an opportunity where those opportunities are and create the path to improve that for our customers.
Garrick Rochow: There is a first effort that's due here in November 4th. I would imagine the audit takes place over much of the fiscal year of 2023. And again, I see that as a collaborative effort. We want the same thing. We have the same goal, and it's really aligned to make sure we have all the right measures and investments in place to achieve that goal and they're at the right speed and pacing.
Garrick Rochow: Yeah. The short answer is yes, on Covert and the financing is in that piece. But I'm going to just step back and think of the bigger picture here. And so how I think about this and how we think about this as a company. So this guidance here is 6% to 8%, and we expect toward the high end. We really think that offers a premium across the sector. And we've been doing this for 20 years of industry-leading financial performance. And then I think what's unique about us, and again, differentiates us and there's a strength and frankly, a premium is that we rebase off of actual. So we do this time and time again. And so we're not in the sugar highs. It's a long-term play where we're going to continue to deliver towards the high end. So I feel good. We feel good about the guidance we've offered here today at 305 to 311 and one more thing on this. I want to make sure everyone understands, too, that this is an important balance, a balance of our customers, other stakeholders like regulators and legislators as well as you, our investors.
Garrick Rochow: I'll tag team this with Rejji here. This IRA is really beneficial for our industry and beneficial for our customers. And so as you know, we've laid out our IRP to 8 gigawatts, the storage build, it's a nice plan. And we go in every three to five years to revise that. And so in the short term, I really see the benefit of the IRA in this production tax credit flowing right to our customers. That's the $60 million per year versus plan. So that, again, keeps our customers' costs low, frankly. And remember, this IRP had $600 million of savings already baked in over that, and this is incremental to that. So again, feel good about that. In respect to my other comments, we'll file, refile our IRP in three to five years. And with this - with the IRA, there's upside opportunities in terms of our tailwind opportunities in terms of pulling renewables forward, potentially Poland storage forward. We'll have to take a look at that. Again, I see this as a real advantage to utility-owned solar and storage versus PPAs. I know Rejji, you may have additional comments.
Garrick Rochow: Yeah. I don't think you have to wait until the IRP filing for that. It's really a function of how we build out our capital plan. And as we've shared historically, we look at what the customer can afford. We look at how can we execute work, we look at the business cases, we look at the mix, where we put in dollars strategically. So there's a bottom-up buildup for that capital plan. And so as we're able to create more headroom or as - we have, in the case of afford [ph] of the bills, we'll look at how do we put those important capital investments into the system that ultimately provide value for our customers. And so that's the balance will strike. And you'll see it as it plays out here in our Q4 call in the 5-year capital.
Garrick Rochow: Sure. I'll start, and I know Reg will offer some context around it as well. So again, I want to remind everybody, as I stated earlier here that it's 6% to 8% toward the high end, and we're pleased with that. And that includes Colbert [ph] As we've said, the Colbert strengthens and lengthens our plan here. And so when I think about this, this is again, we're playing a long-term game here, where we have this consistency and repeatability of delivering industry-leading financial performance. And so - that's how we're thinking about it as we move in 2023 and then even in the outer years. But Rejji, you walked through some of the specifics, please.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Jeremy. That's a great question. So in our IRP we have 75 megawatts, and that has to take place in ‘24 to 2027. And we've already issued the RFP for that work. And so that's well underway. And so you'll see inclusion of that in our 5-year capital plan. But clearly, what is nice about this ITC and the flexibility that's offered within the IRA is you can have stand-alone solar. So typically, it's been coupled with solar. And so the ability to move storage around and have it be not just a supply asset, but have it be a grid asset, provides a greater amount of flexibility in how we use. And so you can see like the value stacking of a storage of lithium ion and other storage technologies. And so we look forward to that. We're going to continue to look at our 5-year plan, but also in the longer-term strategy and how we might accelerate or how we might think about differently the deployment of lithium I and other storage technologies. And I know Rejji has some comments on this as well.
Garrick Rochow: Well, I offer a couple of comments on Palisades. So if we get into technical questions, like we don't own the plant, we don't operate the plant anymore, and we no longer have a purchase power agreement, which was a significant savings for our customers and power supply costs over the course of the year. So technical questions and related questions that should be really directed to old tech or maybe the Department of Energy and the like. But bottom line, here's what we've shared with the Governor's office and with the Michigan Public Service Commission. We'll be open to a purchase power agreement. It has to be much more competitive and much more market-based than it has been historically. And we would expect financial compensation mechanism on that PPA as a new purchase power agreement. So that's really what I'd offer on Palisade at this point.
Garrick Rochow: The RF - so just for context, I know you know this, Julien, but for context for others on the call, there's 700 megawatts within this IRP that's 500 megawatts is dispatchable 200 megawatts of clean energy. That RFP has been issued. It was issued at the end of September. That's going to play out. It's done through a third party because of the potential for an affiliate transaction with the DIG. So that plays out. We anticipate those proposals to be submitted in the December time frame. Those will be evaluated again by the third party. That will take to February. And then we anticipate we'll have some direction in that in the May time frame. I'll likely share it at the May earnings call time line. So that's how it's going to play out. I do not know who will participate in that. Again, it's by a third party. Should Holtec choose to participate with the Palisades plant, and if it comes in at a competitive price, it may be an option out there. And again, because it's not an affiliate, we would earn a financial compensation mechanism or a return on that. So that's the approach that would be - would play out here over the course part of the next eight months.
Garrick Rochow: Well, just a little background, too. And so I was really pleased with the team. And we did a lot of work on this electric rate case to improve the quality of the case. And I believe and see it's evident in the fast position on that. It's a constructive starting point that they provided in August. And so as Rejji shared, we're looking at the potential for electric rate case settlement. And so that will continue until the case is final. We anticipate PFD in December and then a final order in February. So that's the current status. And then just the longer we have the opportunity we're a 10-month cycle. And so it will be in early in 2023, would we consider another filing another electric rate case. And that's a little far out for us in terms of - we got to want to see how this one plays out and make sure we're making the right investments for our customers.
Garrick Rochow: That's a great question. And I appreciate you started with our customers because that's a key piece. And so just let me give you a little fact here to this. And so, in 2021, we had $75 million of state, federal and some company funds that went to our customers. In 2022, that number was $79 million. And again, just for context, October to October as the fiscal year for state.\ And so I'm really pleased that we've been able to get money in the hands of our customers. And you'll see from a quarter, our customers have a lower debt balance or bad debt balance on their bills. They're not carrying a big balance. And in fact, from an uncollectibles perspective, we're in a quartile 1 position. So I feel good because our customers are starting out in a better position. Now I'm certainly empathetic and sympathetic to their needs. And so what we know about our customers, when we look at their bill, about 80% of the gas bill is consumption. It's about 90% on an electric bill, we can influence that. We can influence that through our energy waste reduction, energy efficiency programs, and we are doing that. And that's great for our customers. In addition, we're about 30,000 thermostat - the thermostats or those that are most in need, vulnerable customers to help them, again, control the use. We're pushing again with nonprofits and other state and federal funds. And so our focus is clearly on our most vulnerable customers here in this time. And then broadly, as a company, and you asked the question really, have we seen material prices increase? Absolutely, 17% year-over-year. But there's a lot of things we're doing to mitigate that. particularly in the CE Way, $50 million of O&M waste reduction, $90 million -- approaching $90 million on a capital perspective. Our plants ran just again, they ran phenomenally - over the summer months. They got a low heat rate, gas and coal. MISO [ph] was bouncing all around the volatility of the market. Cars were steady state. We saved our customers $500 million year-to-date, \looks like $700 million by year-end. Again, we used our gas assets, all these storage fields to help manage gas cost impact. So those are the here and now. And then we have a whole host of episodic cost savings $200 million Palisade for PPA, Palisade PPA [indiscernible] $30 million of OEM there. So IRA in that PTC, again, I can go on and on. But you can see we're squarely focused cost reduction for our customers, creating the necessary headroom so we make the right investments to improve the system again for our customers to manage that. And I know Rejji has even more to offer.
Garrick Rochow: I don't know what data you have in front of you, but I can only talk about what we have, we're in the context of the call here and our 2023 guidance. So we've said 305 to 311. And I would expect that we would be to the high end of that range. Is that clear it up I wouldn't anticipate the minute, but I would expect the upper half of that range.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Maxine, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Look forward to seeing you at EEI in a few weeks. Take care and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, sure. I would only add a couple of comments here. The other benefit, too, is just with the continuation of the tax credit for electric vehicles, well, that certainly could be a catalyst in accelerating the tipping point of electric vehicle proliferation in Michigan, and obviously, that would bring rate benefits as well because you're growing the denominator in that rate calculation, bring kilowatt hours into Michigan, which we would welcome. So there's a benefit there that should be, at some point, incorporated into our financials longer term. With respect to your question around financing, we are not presupposing any tax equity in our funding strategy. So the IRA, there's been a lot of talk about the transferability of credits. I still think there's more guidance required from the IRS and we'll see what type of market develops as a result of transferability of credits. We certainly do have credits so we can monetize at some point. But at the moment, we're not presupposing any tax equity in our financing assumptions.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So I appreciate the question, Shar. And just for Symantec, we haven't issued the equity yet. We just put in place forward contracts. And so we've locked in the price, we'll issue, obviously, over the course of 2023 and the first half of the year. But the forwards we've put in place really provide for the funding for the parent financing needs at Covert, we have yet to roll out obviously a new 5-year plan, but the current plan of $14.3 billion that we're executing on. As you may recall, we've been very consistent in our comments about the equity funding needs being limited to 2025 and 2026, so about $250 million per year in those outer years. And because of the sale of the bank last year, there's no equity needs prior to that. And so we'll see what happens when we start to update the capital plan. And in addition to the comments Garrick offered on how we think about the capital plan, affordability is a constrained remind flu. The other one is financing, and we don't want to over lever over equitize the balance sheet. So we'll be mindful of that. And then obviously, just execution and feasibility of the capital plan of executing on the capital plan is the other thing we'll think through.
Rejji Hayes: And Jeremy, the only thing I would add is it's important to remember that the IEP is iterative in nature. And so we'll be filing one for the stature at a minimum every 5 years, but our bias will likely be to file sooner than that. And so importance of that and the benefit of it is that as we see a potential descent in the cost curve, whether to Garrick point, it's lithium-ion or any other storage technology, we can incorporate new assumptions in upcoming IRPs.And so We’re assuming in the full plan over the next 15 to 20 years, about 550 megawatts that Garrick noted the 75 megawatts in the short term. But it's a larger portfolio longer term. And again, if the cost curve permits it, we'll look to pull some of that forward and potentially expand it, particularly with the optionality provided with the ITC using it for stand-alone storage as well as opting out of normalization, which is helpful, too.
Rejji Hayes: Julien, the only thing I would add in addition to just it's Q3 and we'll rebase off of actuals in Q4 and take into account any contingency deployment over the next couple of months. But the other variables is obviously we have a pending electric rate case, and so we'll have a little bit a couple of months more of visibility into how that's trending. We're certainly in the process of evaluating potential settlement. And so we'll see how things go there. And then at that point, we will have filed the gas rate case. And so we're still thinking through the size and implications of that, and we'll assume a constructive outcome there, but still some variables in place. So that's the other bit of information we'd look for as we establish our 2023 final guidance on our Q4 call early next year.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Derik, I think you covered all the key points on the cost side. The only thing I'll remind you, David, is that we're still looking at load opportunities as well. The announcement of Goshen from an economic development perspective, the global electric vehicle battery manufacturer out of China. That as we see it is the beginning of what is going to be likely a fruitful period of good economic development opportunities as a result of the good legislation passed over the past several months, the ship that NDRA that really created a once-in-a-generation opportunity to bring really a good load opportunities, excuse me, to Michigan and that helps the equation as well. And I mentioned earlier some of the benefits of the IRA if it accelerates the tipping point for EV proliferation in Michigan that helps the load equation as well. And so we're looking at all the cost opportunities as Garrick enumerated, but we're also looking at top line as well to reduce rates.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So for the 8 gigawatts, we've roughly quantified in the past that 50% ownership of that could be around $4 billion. But again, with cost curves reducing the way they are. And that was a pre IRA assumption. So presumably, it could be a lower amount of CapEx. But we would expect to own, as Garrick highlighted, greater than 50% over time, if we continue to see the cost of owning continue to be more and more competitive with the cost of contracting. And so we'll revise those estimates over time. In the 5-year plan, currently, we've got about $1 billion of solar in the plan. And obviously, we'll refresh the capital plan in the first quarter as we have our fourth quarter earnings call. next year. So we'll give an update then. But the current plan had about roughly $1 billion in it.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So the current construct per the settlement agreement has a natural cap of 60%. And so it's effectively a collar from 50% to 60% for ownership. And so we wouldn't be able contractually to go above that now. But in subsequent IRPs, we could potentially earn more than that. And so we'll revisit it and particularly if we're cost competitive with contracted solutions, we'd like to think that ceiling potentially come off. But I would say Garrick highlighted this earlier, I emphasize it as well. When we think through the capital plan, the constraining factors are three things. It's affordability, so making sure that the rate increases are relatively modest as we execute on the capital plan. We also think about the feasibility of executing. We do not want to significantly grow our workforce to execute on the capital plan because that has structural cost implications. And so there's an operational feasibility aspect we take into it and then there's balance sheet. And we would rather not over equitize or over-lever the balance sheet in order to fund the capital plan. And so that's generally how we think about building out the capital plan, and we'll take that into account as we construct this latest capital plan that we'll provide in the first quarter next year and obviously, subsequent capital plans after that.
