Patricia K. Poppe: Thanks, Rejji. With our unique self-funding model enhanced by the Consumers Energy Way and tax reform, a constructive regulatory statute, a large and aging system in need of capital investments and a healthy balance sheet to fund our plan cost effectively, we believe our financial performance is sustainable over the long-term. With that, Francesca please open the lines for Q&A.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, I'll just start with – as we've always said, EnerBank is a small part of the big picture. It certainly provides a nice buffer in light of tax reform. Given that, however, we still think that in the long run EnerBank might have more value to someone else. And so we'll keep our eyes open, but while it's still in the family, we're going to definitely leverage it for its full potential, but again it's a small part of the total picture. But Rejji might want to touch on some of the tax benefits of EnerBank more specifically.
Patricia K. Poppe: And I'll just add that we had made some upgrades at the plant at DIG, and that has turned out to be a nice offset. We're actually getting a couple additional megawatts that's above plan, and so that's been a nice offset. So all-in-all, enterprise is in line with plan for the year.
Patricia K. Poppe: So, right now, we had to declare what our ability to serve our own load was, which we did back in December of 2016, and then in February, the AESs had indicate their ability to serve, and at this time it looks like they are able to serve their load, and so the state reliability mechanism is fulfilled. Sorry, we – in 2017 we declared our ability to serve our load. But, bottom line the AESs have demonstrated that they can serve their load and we have a capacity charge then that is assigned to customers, only in the event that they cannot. And so that's not yet materialized. But we expect that given the local clearing requirements that will be established later this year, that will be what forces, I think, more transparency about local load being provided to serve AES customers.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, we think of it as more accurately reflecting cost of service, and cost allocation, if you will, to the appropriate parties who are utilizing the energy should be paying for it. And so, it's a cost savings for customers. But as Rejji articulated, it's not a definitely revenue upside if you will.
Patricia K. Poppe: So, it's probably fair to say that its value did increase given its role that it plays for the company. And so, certainly, we'll leverage that until there's a better offer.
Patricia K. Poppe: Sure. A couple of things, first of all on stakeholder engagement we've had I would say a great amount of discussions, and it's been really good for us to have conversations with key environmental interveners, customer groups, customer types, as well as policymakers on both our distribution and our Integrated Resource Plan, that involvement from stakeholders, I think goes a long way to having positive outcomes of regulatory filings. Now, keep in mind that distribution plan, actually doesn't result in any kind of order if you will accepting the plan, it just creates transparency to the plan. And so the stakeholder involvement, I think just bodes well to say that we have thought of everything, and we're considering all the appropriate alternatives for our investments in the distribution system as well as the IRP. And the IRP, we're excited to publish that, we'll publish that in June. It will provide a great integrated look between the electric distribution and the supply plan. And so we look forward to getting those documents public, and that will them provide an opportunity – a window into really what the capital plan is more specifically on the distribution side. One other clarification on the IRP itself, it's going to be a 20-year look, but the first three years of it are really what provides some of the economic certainty for investments in the first three years of the IRP. So, it's obviously been a busy regulatory season for our regulators, and their staff, a nod to them all the hard work they've been doing to implement the 2016 Energy Law. It's been a heavy lift, but I think what we're putting in place then provides the framework for potentially tracking mechanisms, because you've got multiple years of look of an investment strategy. But, even without tracking mechanisms, I think it provides some more visibility and alignment around the infrastructure investment upgrades required in Michigan. I'll just add one last thought here that the amount of investment magnitude is driven by our aging system. And so, as we've reiterated multiple times, it's not a shortage of investments, it's just deciding the best investments. So, these proceedings really do provide an opportunity to align and have more regulatory certainty going into the filings.
Patricia K. Poppe: Those were always hard – yeah, it will be part of any of our rate case filings. So, we have one tracking mechanism in our gas system right now for Enhanced Infrastructure Replacement Program, that's our mains and our service lines, we're looking at increasing that, we've got a current Gas Rate Case, it's under review right now, that expands it even further. We received an expansion of that tracking mechanism in our last order. So, we think we're developing a good track record of doing what we say we're going to do, and that's important when establishing a pattern for approval for these tracking mechanisms. So, in a gas case, we'd look for additional components to be included in that specific tracking mechanism or a parallel one for example on vintage services. And then, on the electric system, we would expect in our Electric Rate Case to file for a tracking mechanism that would align for example with that five-year electric distribution plan, and that would be resolved through a final order on that rate case.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, you bet. In fact, we've already done some of that. We actually have the green renewable tariff approved and fully subscribed for our largest customers to have access to additional renewables, our Cross Winds, wind park, one of our expansions was dedicated to that tariff and serving load beyond our renewable portfolio standard. We are obviously also working to achieve the 15% renewable portfolio standard that was part of the 2016 Energy Law, and that will be about 500 additional megawatts, we have about $700 million in our plan to achieve that additional renewables. And then any of the incremental renewables either to fulfill our IRP or to serve additional C&I, specifically the industrial customers who have renewable energy targets, will be incremental to that. And so, again our IRP that we're going to file in June will be very reflective of what we see as that plan going forward, and renewable energy plays a very, very important part of our future.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, particularly as we look at the 10-year, 15-year plan, solar will play an increasing role, because we expect prices to continue to drop for solar just as technology advances plus its capacity factor at peak is like 50%. And so we can play a really important role in planning for capacity for the future. So, again our IRP, I think will be very reflective of the plan, and so we look forward to making that public in June.
Patricia K. Poppe: You know our plan has so much organic potential, we really are not looking at M&A as a necessary part of our planning. We feel great about our plan. And if somebody – again as fiduciaries if a great offer came to us, it would have to be a great offer, because our plan is solid, and we feel good about the direction that we're taking. So certainly not on the front page of any of our planning is – M&A does not play a front page role of any of our planning.
Patricia K. Poppe: And keep in mind our model is all about deploying cost savings, finding them, implementing them, achieving them, and then redeploying operating and maintenance dollars back into the business to prepare for next year. So, when we are doing planning, we are looking at execution this year for sure, but we're also looking about execution in 2019, and building a plan and reinvesting those O&M dollars back into the business for the benefit of more predictable outcomes at the end of this year and next year, which is what really is our strength, our ability to flex throughout a year, put to work those cost savings to the benefits of – to the benefit of customers and investors. That's what makes us so predictable year after year after year after year.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, I think you'll see energy storage also as a part of our IRP. We've been doing work to learn more. We've got some demonstration pilots, we had an opportunity to visit with Tesla and Stamm (41:27) out in California on a benchmarking and learning trip, if you will. We see the opportunity for storage to fit into the plan nicely. Now, it's not economic today, but we think that those cost curves will continue to occur, and we think there are places both on the grid side and in residential applications for storage to play an important piece in maximizing the dispatchability of renewables, as well as providing more control and options on the grid. So, we're excited about that technology. But like all things, we're not making any big bets, we're not going long in new untested technology, we'll do our homework and apply it appropriately.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, Paul, I don't see them leaning toward energy as a key issue, because of the law that was passed in 2016. I think a lot of – all of the candidates are aware and were in some cases involved in the passage of that law. And so I think, there's a lot of people who with a strong point of view that it's a good construct, it's a good statute that was passed with bipartisan support. And so to tackle that again it would be a big issue. But I will say all the leading candidates have good track records, and we as you know have always worked with whoever is in office to make sure that we're serving Michigan well. And so no worry be it on the election front.
Patricia K. Poppe: And remember it's an industrial loan corporation, so it doesn't have deposits if you will, it's – it does loans for home improvements.
Patricia K. Poppe: I think it's a great question. The coal plants in particular were not designed for cycling. So the things that you observe are true, but there's an interesting asset in our Ludington Pumped Storage, which is basically the fourth largest battery in the world, it's a pump storage that allows for dispatching at peak times. And so it serves as a great complement to our renewable assets. And so that configuration for us combined at consumers are gas plants, really do, I'd say perform very well in concert with renewables, and therefore the O&M expenses associated with the gas plant and the Ludington Pumped Storage plant combined with renewables is actually quite favorable for our operating system. Now, I will – I agree that coal is harder to cycle like that which is why we retired a 1 gigawatt of coal, and is good economically and good for the planet. So, that definitely improves our operating expense profile with the transition to more renewables in that way.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, thank you everybody. Great, questions today, it was good to be with you. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming events, and for those of you who will be at AGA, we'll be happy to see you there as well. Thanks so much.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, I'd echo that Julien. I mean we have said for some time clearly it's a non-core business, but historically it has not provided any sort of drag on the consolidated return on equity of the business nor has it offered up a drag with respect to growth, and the business has been largely self-sufficient for some time now, and so we haven't equitize it for a while. So provided it continues to do that, we view it as a nice contributor to the total pie. And as mentioned in the context of tax reform, it does provide a shield, and we still believe that it does in light of the new bill. And so, we'll keep an eye on the IRS guidance, but at the end of the day we're fiduciaries, and at the right valuation we're certainly obligated to take a look at it as a potential disposition. But for now, we'll continue to leave it chugging along, and we'll continue to enjoy the tax shield that it creates.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, I think that's fair, Julien. So, we have – as mentioned on the Q4 call, we had over 400 megawatts of capacity held up, effectively in escrow as part of the Palisades transaction, because one of the I'll say interim or short-term buyer replacement plans as a part of that transaction was to sell a capacity to the utility. And so while that 400 or so megawatts was held in abeyance, we missed a pretty good opportunity to sell down that capacities we often like to do in advance. And so we were left with a significant amount of open capacity in 2018. The economic impact is de minimis, and we were able to offload a good portion of that in the auction. But obviously at $0.30 a kilowatt month which is where the auction ended up, that wasn't in line with our plan. So there was a little bit of downside associated with that, but again the impact on 2018 is de minimis.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, and the other point I would add is that, obviously given its unregulated status, the tax savings associated with federal tax reform, they get to keep on that side of the business.
Rejji P. Hayes: No, I don't think the market has softened all that much, and in fact, we've said in the past, the context of the state reliability mechanism process and the charge that was established by the commission last year, I think we'll get visibility probably in the next few months as to whether or not there'll be a local clearing requirement beyond 2021. And so, that to me should materially tighten the bilateral market in which case there could be significant opportunities in the capacity side for DIG.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. That's right. I mean that last column or that last component of the chart has always effectively been the plug. And if you look at the opportunities we have within our plan, if you look at some of the activities that we've moved forward on in Q4, some of the reinvestment opportunities, the bond tender, those what I'll call discretionary activities, needless to say, we don't need to move forward on those this year, so we feel like we have a lot of optionality going into the last three quarters of the year.
Rejji P. Hayes: And Michael, this is Rejji, just to be clear here, I think you may have described it as a revenue opportunity, if I heard you correctly. Needless to say, in the event you do have a situation in which these alternative electric suppliers and the choice customers that they have do not demonstrate that they have the requisite capacity going forward, and they are in fact levied a charge that they would pay back to us, that would go directly to customers. So that's really – we don't view it as an upside opportunity from the utility per se, but obviously it's a cost savings related opportunity which can create headroom.
Rejji P. Hayes: No, no. There's certainly value that we ascribe to that tax shield, but we're just saying as a non-core asset, and as fiduciaries if there is a third-party that has an interest in buying the property we would have to evaluate it. And so we believe that that tax shield is certainly of a great value and it does provide a nice shield to the interest expense to the parent. But as a fiduciary, if somebody comes along with the right price, we have to have a discussion.
Rejji P. Hayes: And Shar, this is Rejji, just to provide some additional context around the magnitude of the potential, I'd say a supply replacement opportunity, we have – as we've highlighted about 4 gigawatts of power coming offline over the next two decades. So, if you look at the 2040 you've got Palisades, in the next decade, you got MCV, those two alone are 2 gigawatts...
Rejji P. Hayes: ...if you look at. The coal units, that's another 2 gigawatts up to 2040, and so as we rolled out our Clean Energy Breakthrough Goal, we did highlight that if you did backfill a good portion of that energy and capacity with renewable, it could be up to about 40% of our fleet over time. And so, you think about the magnitude and size of that potential opportunity, it really is quite robust, and we're seeing – continue to see attractive capacity factors, we talked about the opportunities we've got in the context of RFP, and we're seeing capacity factors in the high-30s, which implies kind of mid-40s on a megawatt hour basis. And so we think Michigan and renewable opportunities here will continue to be competitive, and we think the cost curve will continue to trend in the right way.
Rejji P. Hayes: It's just a function as I see it, Praful, as the timing of a transaction, so we've owned the business for some time. So you can assume that basis is low. But remember, we're not scheduled to be a federal tax payer until the early 2020s. And so in the event it was a – it were a sale – if a sale or disposition were to take place in the near-term, you can assume you get a deferral on that gain for a few years, if there is – if it's to take place, say five, six years from now, you can assume there will be economic leakage. But needless to say, we would take all of that into account in the context of a potential transaction. And I don't want to set expectations too much. I mean, we're going to be thoughtful about this, the business contributes quite a bit, and obviously it has an enhanced strategic value in the context of tax reform. And so, we would take all of that into account if any inbounds were to occur, and again we won't talk about whether there are any M&A opportunities in play.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, so embedded in that, I'll call it just corporate bucket, you have EnerBank within that. And so EnerBank is a component of that, you've got interest expense at the parent, which is non-recoverable. And so in the event you get economic refinancing opportunities, that could drive some potential upside there. And so it's a combination of EnerBank, interest expense, savings, those are really the core drivers as I see it.
Rejji P. Hayes: And Praful, this is Rejji. Just to circle back to your prior question about opportunities or the key drivers within the sort of corporate bucket, I would be remiss, particularly if I spend a lot of time with our head of tax to not mention the good work we've done on the tax planning side over the years, and so that also is a key driver of the corporate business. So, I would say tax planning, interest expense as well as the EnerBank contribution, those are all material drivers of the performance of that segment.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, I would say a small portion of it it's a pull-forward. So, we did a bond or a partial bond take out in Q4 of last year. We had some 8.75% senior notes, where it's a $300 million tranche, we took out two-thirds of it, and so that led to some savings. Obviously, you could do a little better than 8.75% in this market. So that was a small source of savings. The biggest component of it that was relative or was related I should say to benefits related savings, and that was due to changes we made in both our OPEB and pension plans which led to real cash and significant pension-related savings that we were delighted to pass onto the customers in our pending gas case, and so that's really the primary source. It's a combination of benefits and interest expense savings.
Rejji P. Hayes: So, they were not embedded in the plan at least in terms of the interest expense savings, so that created some upside. And then the pension, I would say, yeah, largely that was accounted for. So, don't believe that that's going to be a significant tailwind for what we deliver at the end of the year, if that's what you're thinking.
Rejji P. Hayes: And Travis, sorry just to clarify, so both the interest expense savings as well as the benefit savings were embedded in our 2018 plan, but I was thinking about in the context of relative to the comp of Q1 of 2017, they create positive variance, because they weren't in [Technical Difficulty] (41:01) 2017. So, I just want to be perfectly clear about that.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, sure. It's interesting. On the surface, if you look at the supporting slides or pages that we provide publicly, you'll see across electric we saw a little bit of softness, at least in the data around residential, commercial and industrial sales trends. And so just to give some specifics on that, residential was down between 1% to 1.5%; commercial down 1% to 1.5% and this is on a weather-normalized basis and net of energy efficiency, and then industrial was down about 3%. And so all of that was, again, on the surface a bit surprising, because we still see very good economic conditions within the state, particularly in the heart of our service territory. So, we're probing that. But I think over time, if you look back at our history, if past is prologue, we never get too excited good or bad about Q1, because it certainly is not indicative of the full year. So, just to go back to recent memory last year, in Q1 of 2017, we started out of the gate at about 1% to 1.5% up, we ended the year just under 0.5%. In 2016, we started the year out flat, and then ended up at about 0.5%. And so, Q1 does not a year make, but I'll also just point you to the EPS curve that we've highlighted in the past, it just shows the inherent variability in the business. And so, we never rely upon one driver to help us deliver our financial performance. And so, sales is a sort of one small component of the self-funding strategy. And we usually overachieve on the cost side, as well as some of the other drivers or levers to manage the work and make sure we deliver. The only other thing I'd mention again, because it's to me a little surprising, we did really peel the onion on just these data points I highlighted around commercial, residential, and industrial performance, and cycle billed sales in our service territory for the quarter were actually up quite a bit. And so, I'll just quote for you a couple of sectors that we dug into. As you know our service territory is pretty well-diversified. And so, we saw chemicals up 6%, fabricated metal products up 2%, we saw also transportation equipment up 5%, and then food manufacturing up 13%, and this is Q1 of 2018 versus Q1 of 2017. We have again many sectors within our service territory, but I'm not cherry-picking here, those are the most energy-intensive sectors within our service territory. And so, we actually think that suggests that there's actually a pretty good underlying economic story within our service territory. And the last two, transportation equipment as well as food manufacturing are actually pretty good leading indicators, because that suggests both for transportation equipment that the industrial side of the state is doing pretty well. And then with respect to food manufacturing, that usually suggests that commercial, retail activity, diners, restaurants, grocery stores are all still humming along. And so, again, I don't think it really tells the full story, but that's the data that we have at the moment.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, so that's an imperfect science, as you know, and so given that it was an incredibly mild winter from a weather perspective in Q1 of 2017, I also – we're going to have to dig in a bit more into that Q1 2017 comp, because I do think the weather normalization trends may also be leading to a little bit of the vagaries in the math we're seeing right now, because I do not believe that the statistics that I read off around residential, commercial and industrial performance in Q1 are indicative of what we're seeing again economically in the state.
Rejji P. Hayes: Not a material one. So, we generally get a run rate of about call it $45 million to $50 million pre-tax from that business. And so if you tax effect that, that gives you a pretty good proxy for the cash flow generation. We did $1.7 billion of operating cash flow last year, and the target this year is $1.65 billion. So, it's not a material contributor from an OCF perspective. And again, it's a self-funding model, and so we're not equitizing that business, we're not getting dividends out of that business. And so, at the end of the day we don't rely on it for any of our liquidity needs.
