Patti Poppe: Thanks. Reggie. We believe we have a compelling investment thesis that will serve our customers and investors for years to come. And with that, Rocco please open the lines for Q&A.
Patti Poppe: And Michael, I'll add that we really have ramped up our waste elimination work. It is our play of the year for the CUA, and it's the power of the CUA. We've been -- we're in really our third full year of implementation, and we are feeling the benefits of being able to deploy a new capability quickly across the organization, and that's what's important about running a lean operation, and a lean operation you can adapt to changing conditions. So the conditions this year are able to benefit from the great work that we did in '18 to pull ahead expenses. And so as Reggie described, pulling ahead maintenance in 2018 has allowed us to defer other maintenance that might have otherwise been done in this 12-month period because we did it early. But more importantly, I would say the capability we are building around waste elimination, and just imagine our thousands of employees all across the state, learning how to see and eliminate waste. Simple things like how we stuff the bills at the billing and mailing center for our bills. When we do construction projects, a contractor picks up their equipment. Rental fees on the equipment, when we don't in a timely basis, get them to come pick up their equipment can pile up. So, we've improved our process simply to make sure that the rental equipment gets off our property, and off our books, and off our ledger as quickly as possible. So it's little things all across the state that add up and allow us to be more nimble as conditions like this change and I would even offer in this most recent storm that we just experienced here in Michigan. Our storm response was extraordinary. We were able to get our contractors off the system faster, we were able to get mutual assistance optic system faster because we have done a lot of work utilizing the CUA to improve our processes, and improve our storm response because it's such a major part of the customer experience. So all those little things add up and create this nimbleness and provide the confidence that we have that this back-end loaded part of our plan leverages last year's favorable unplanned conditions, to deal with unplanned negative conditions that occur this year that are outside of our control. What we can control is how we respond and we're doing that extraordinarily well.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, one thing that became abundantly clear -- is abundantly clear through the staff's position on this gas rate case, Michael, is that there is a strong support for gas investment. The safety of our system, the age of our system warrants strong and diligent attention. And so that's why I think you would see that in that staff position, we were very close. In fact the rate base that they recommended and we requested, was the same at $6.5 billion. So we feel good about that. Sometimes, it's good to let a final order go all the way, let a case go all the way to a final order. We have had success with settlements and I think that that's been representative of the constructive regulatory treatment, and environment here in Michigan, and our relationship with all of the extended parties who participate in a rate filing. But we think going potentially to a final order in this case would not be a risky outcome given our mutual commitment for gas investment. We do anticipate filing our next case in the fourth quarter of this year, and that's simply because we have so much work to do on the gas system to make it safe. And the good news is over the last five years, for example, we've reduced customers' bills by 28%, driven both by the commodity price, but also the cost savings that we've delivered on the gas side of the business. So our unit costs for all of the work that we do continue to decline as we implement the CE Way, and we're able to do more work for less dollars, get more value-added for customers, and that's important because of the volume of work that the system really does require these days. So we do anticipate filing another case at the latter half of this year -- fourth quarter of this year.
Patti Poppe: Sure. Obviously, our IRP paints a very clear picture of by year when we'll be adding these additional 6,000 megawatts of specifically solar, while we are also doing the demand response and energy efficiency to soften the peak and reduce that demand that's required on peak that the whole system is built around. And so as we look at our 6,000 megawatt path, it was important that we build the plan to pre-build that solar before the big PPA at MCV and the remaining coal plants come offline. We need to make sure that that solar is installed, working as plan, that we've learned how to optimize and dispatch that much solar across our system. And so we have a pretty methodical plan, as we go across actually the years. In the neighborhood of 300 to 500 megawatts of solar beginning in 2021 and going all the way to 2030, we end at 600 megawatts of solar by 2030 per year. So that ends up then when you add all of that up, that 6,000 megawatts total of solar by the end of our 2040 IRP time horizon. So you can see it's pretty systemic. Now keep in mind that one of the great things that we negotiated in our IRP settlement, is this agreement that we would build half and rate base that half of the solar and that's through potentially build on transfer, perhaps we'll build it ourselves. We're going to have to do -- we in fact want to do an annual RFP to set the proper price for that new solar being added to the system, which really bodes well for customers and allows us to make sure we have the lowest cost new solar every single year taking advantage of the cost curve, and the technology curves in solar. The other half then would be built by others and we would then earn our financial compensation mechanism, which is currently at 5.88%, which is unknown proclamation of our weighted average cost of capital to as a financial compensation mechanism on top of the price of those PPAs. So we think it's very good on many fronts and most importantly sets a level playing field here in Michigan for the implementation of new solar that's to the benefit of both the planet, and our customers, and therefore then our investors through both the financial compensation mechanism in the fact that we will be rate basing half of that.
Patti Poppe: We re-file the IRP anywhere from every -- we're required by law to file it within five years. We agreed in our settlement to file another IRP in three years. And I can't predict what will come out of that settlement or another IRP. Rather we'll obviously always look to adapt and change as conditions change, as the market changes to the benefit of customers and investors. And so each filing that we do will of course have opportunities to improve the framework.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, right now we have it at the latter part. We have 450MW at the latter part of the IRP and personally your guess is as good as mine, but I would be shocked if sometime in the next 20 years, there is some breakthrough in storage, given the commitment of automakers to electric vehicles does create a marketplace for technology, and R&D, and storage. We are so closely linked to that our US automakers here in Michigan and our partnership with GM, and Ford, and Chrysler has been very strong. And so we will, I think, be in a position to take advantage of smart storage a sooner than later. We have a pilot. We're running this summer with residential storage application. We've got a couple of batteries installed at some commercial locations. We're doing a lot of learning and I forecast that as we filed subsequent IRPs will be able to model additional reductions in costs on storage going forward. We're hopeful for that, because we think it will be a better way to balance the system over time with renewable energy as a primary energy source.
Patti Poppe: We did a lot of studying in our plan about the right timeline for our current -- our remaining coal plant retirements. Of course, again every IRP will consider. But here something really important to remember with the coal plant retirements. I have co-workers there who have dedicated their lives to delivering energy for the people of Michigan. And so, both for our coworkers and the communities where those plants, an important tax base, it's important that we recognize that giving them an accurate date of closure, so they can plan their lives, so those communities can plan for redevelopment. It's important that we stick to the plan that we published, so that they don't feel like we're taking advantage of them. And so when we talk about our triple-bottom line of serving people, the planet, and profit. This people aspect of the transformation of our energy system is equally important to serving the planet, and then delivering earnings for our investors. So that is a key component of driving the timeline. And frankly, we also have to build out all the solar and make sure it works as intended, and make sure that we have the capacity that we need when we retire those plants. So those two factors really do drive our current timing. And we feel good about the current timing. We think it's well ahead of -- much of the country will end up with an 80% carbon reduction by 2030, and 90% -- over 90% carbon reduction by 2040 that's a decade ahead of the peer’s climate core, that's a decade ahead of most -- many of our peers. And so we do feel like our aggressive actions that we've taken to date, retiring a gigawatt of coal already, does reiterate our commitment to the planet. But we also think the triple bottom line is important in the execution.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, nothing new on EnerBank, yes, we've repeated the last couple of calls. No new news there. They continue to be a part of our portfolio, a very small part that is relatively essentially self-funded, and so no changes there. Enterprises, you'll have noticed that they've done a couple of new renewable projects, very small, very targeted, customer driven. They've been driven by customers approaching us that we have starved, and either our enterprises business or our utility business outside of our regulated service area. And so we've been able to meet the needs of say, Lansing Board of Water & Light with a 24 megawatt solar installation there, 105 megawatts of wind in Ohio for General Motors. But those are more opportunistic in nature and we do feel well positioned. We like to say we're big enough to matter, but small enough to care. And for example in Lansing -- Lansing Board of Water & Light is right here in Michigan, and they had multiple developers go out of business in their attempt to install and build out this wind -- this solar project. And so we have the capability of doing those projects, but we don't show up in our private jets. We drive our load truck over from across the street, and help them do their work. And that's a good positioning for us and for enterprises. And so where we do have additional projects, we want enterprises to grow as the utility growth and -- but don't be confused, our utility business is the primary driver of earnings and our plans for growth.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. Your second question first, our affiliate is not allowed to compete for the renewable projects. But I would also offer -- we don't have an eye on the specific market size because again, as I mentioned, we're really opportunistic as these projects come to us and more so, what I can tell you, though is there a lot of our utility customers, large industrial brands that you would recognize that we made commitments to 100% renewable energy. And we've been able to provide a large customer tariff with the utility, so they don't have to rely on our non-utility business. But in other states we have opportunities to serve those very same customers. But again, we don't have -- it's not -- we're not in hunt of that, it really does come to us opportunistically.
Patti Poppe: Yes, you should. We're working on that as we speak, which is another reason why we're going to wait till the latter half of the year to publish the 10-year plan. I can't promise that it will result in an IRM. But I do think that it will paint a nice clear picture. And I think our commission has done a really good job of soliciting these plans, these multi-year plans, so that as they're making an annual determination during a rate case, they have a better perspective of where it fits into a longer-term plan. And frankly, they can't hold us accountable even if it's not a formal program to doing what we said we're going to do, and we're up for that kind of scrutiny because we're pretty good at planning, and we want to be able to be trusted in our ability to execute. So we've been working on a long-term gas plan. We know how important the safety of the system is for the state of Michigan. And so, we'll look forward to sharing that more publicly over the next year or so.
Patti Poppe: Some of it might be published with our long-term CapEx plan. It definitely is the key driver for it. But we may wait until early 2020 to formally publish it.
Patti Poppe: Thanks everyone, for joining us again this morning. And certainly, we look forward to seeing you out and about at upcoming events.
Rejji Hayes: Sure, Michael. So, very good question. And as always, I would just start by saying, whenever we prepare a financial plan for any given year, we make sure that first and foremost, we plan conservative, but also our plan has sufficient contingency across a number of working assumption to make sure that in the event weather is sub-optimal, in the event there is a sub-optimal regulatory outcome that we have enough cushion to provide for again any downside case. And so again, as we always say, we do that we're the investment community and that's where our plan reflects. And so as you think about the first couple of quarters that we've had, we're $0.01 ahead, and we feel like we're on plan at this point even with, I'll say mild weather in June as well as a strong activity in Q1. And so, we have managed the cost as we always have, and that includes a number of, I'll say, opportunities that we execute on over the course of the year. So we've been very advantageous on the non-operating side. So we've done refinancings that have provided cost savings in excess of plan. And so we did take our bond in Q2 that provided savings that we hadn't anticipated. We've also found some tax planning opportunities that have created additional upside. And then the operating side, we continue to look at opportunities through deferral potential spend opportunities for stretch goals and things of that nature. So there are always flex down opportunities that we look out over the course of the year that we will execute on, if we see downside.
Rejji Hayes: So the $0.04 that I highlighted in my prepared remarks, that reflects the gross sales that we realized as a result of at least the July weather we've seen to-date. The impact of the storm for our preliminary estimates is about $8 million of O&M, and I'd say that's about a couple of cents and so our $0.04 of upside for the July weather did not take that into account. But again, going back to my initial comments, we do plan for contingency for a number of our, I'll say, cost buckets including storms and so we do have contingency in our service restoration cost assumptions for the year, which will absorb the cost of that storm. So we still feel good about the July upside that I articulated.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, good question, Greg. So I would say, first, let me start with the commercial side. We actually have been quite encouraged with the commercial activity we've seen relative to plan and so when we talk about favorable mix it's not just residential, but also commercial. And so commercial actuals to date, still exceed our expectation along with residential. And so I'll point you to the numbers that we have in our disclosure. But we're about 0.5% down in the weather not normalized basis year-to-date versus 2018. As we've said in the past, that's net of our energy efficiency programs so obviously when you gross up the 1.5% reduction in customer uses that we work to achieve every year. We're actually up about a point on commercial, and so the customer accounts really would go to on the commercial side. We're up about 1% on a rolling LTM basis, and so customer counts are for commercial and residential. And then for industrial while we've seen a little bit of softness there down about 2% with energy efficiency included in that about 0.5% growth, so taking out energy efficiency. We're actually seeing a pretty good story from our smaller industrial customers, because if you take out basically one large low margin customer were basically flat net of energy efficiency, and so if you think about that again excluding energy efficiency, up about 1.5%. So we continue to be encouraged by the trends we're seeing across all of our customer classes. I do think there is a little bit of a slowdown we're seeing at least for the first part of year, for some of our larger industrial customers and whether that has to do with trade wars or broader economic effects, I think remains to be seen. We always highlight in the upper left hand corner of that sales slide that we're continuing to see very good trends economically and Grand Rapids, which is in the heart of our service territory. And so whether it's GDP, whether it's unemployment, population growth, building permits, all of that continues to trend quite well. So we still think it's a very nice economic story in our service territory, and I think it's too early to tell whether there are any broader macro themes taking place nationally or globally.
Rejji Hayes: Eric, the only thing I would add an additional to all Patti's good remarks around the resource adequacy operational employee, I'd say implications of an accelerated call shutdown. There also is a consideration from a balance sheet perspective, and so you still have Moody's, which continues to include securitizations in their credit metric calculation. And so you could definitely anticipate a scenario, which you had an accelerated coal retirement plan that led to a significant levering of the balance sheet, because remember, when you securitize these assets, they effectively get 100% funded by debt. So while, do you still have that constraint in place, I think it really does hamper any accelerated coal retirement case. And so that's also keeping strength worth noting.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, Michael. I would say, as from our prepared remarks, we anticipate at some point in the 4th quarter will provide color on a new 10-year plan. So I would say it would either be on our Q3 call which takes place in the 4th quarter or potentially EEI, but it will be one of those two scenarios, most likely. And as we said in the past, our expectations are at least quite high that it will be in excess of the prior 10-year plan that was rolled out in September, 17 of about $18 billion or reaffirmed during the Investor Day. And so, we'll be in excess of that given the opportunities afforded by the IRP, but we also have a significant capital investment backlog as we've talked about in the past on our wires and pipes. So both of the electric and gas distribution systems. And so we do think there are incremental capital investment opportunities, and the key constraint will be customer affordability, as well as balance sheet, and workforce constraints. And so we have to make sure that all of that works out. So we're going through the math for the front end of our planning cycle, the IRP was a gating item which is now behind us. But we have to go through all of those machinations and things that our customers can afford, as well as our investors and employees. Well, we can get from an operational perspective. So those are all the key things we're thinking through.
Rejji Hayes: No, we don't provide EPS guidance beyond a five-year period. So the current five-year plan of $11 billion, that from our perspective can deliver 6% to 8% EPS growth. And I wouldn't even suggest that when we rollout a 10-year plan we'll provide 10-year EPS guidance. Because I think that maybe unprecedented, we are fortune 500 company. So we'll see where we end up, but we are planning of a five-year plan in Q1 of next year that will likely have some estimate around EPS growth and for 10-year plan that will just be on the capital side, but not much color beyond that.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. We will want to see. I mean obviously we've just commenced our five-year planning cycle, and so we're not going to roll-out a new five-year plan until Q1 of next year. That will incorporate, I'll say, some of the implications around the IRP, and Karn, and some of the puts and takes. I still generally believe that our five-year plan will look very similar to the current plan, we were maybe a little over $11 billion. But will have I'll say relatively modest amount of equity issuances per year. That allow us to keep the credit metric range of, call it 17% to 18% FFO to debt. So remember we have managed the balance sheet, very conservatively for the last several years, when we do have really hospitable capital markets. We didn't go on M&A binge, we didn't do any levered repos, we just chipped away at our balance sheet with equity issuances to fund our capital plans and grew the business organically. And so even post-tax reform, that's given us a lot of latitude to continue to modestly fund the business with equity. And we think even if there is a Karn, or when there is a Karn retirement in the securitization besides of that, it shouldn't really balloon out our equity needs. And remember with the PPAs, even though there will be a levering effect of that, the financial compensation mechanism does partially offset that, because we will get earnings on those PPAs and that's in fact part of the reason why we structured it that way. So we feel very good about the balance sheet going forward, but it's premature to talk about exactly what the equity needs will be until we rollout our new 5-year plan in Q1 of next year.
Rejji Hayes: I think, directionally that's correct. But I will be more precise clearly when we roll out the plan next year.
Rejji Hayes: Absolutely. And let me point here as well Paul, to the materials that came out with the press release, Slide of Page 13 and 14 that has or weather-normalized electric utility statistics--
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So I'll first go again point to the weather normalized math and the imperfections. But we've actually seen pretty good customer accounts across gas as well. And so we do think that part due to what I will say that a positive spillover effects when you have good industrial activity. And so you start with decent industrial activity, that leads to residential increases, and then you get commercial activity, and so there is a very nice spillover effect taking place in gas and I think that's what we're seeing in these numbers. But again, I want to temper expectations both on the downside and the upside. It's a very difficult piece of math to employ.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So you have a few pieces there. I think you highlighted, the largest driver. And so as you roll off of the MISO planning resource auction of 2018, and its implications in the back half of the year, you start to see capacity sales tick up. I can't give you the earnings per share. But it's a vast majority of that pick up and then you have two other components. So you rightfully noted some of the effects of Northwest, Ohio. It's interesting that our wind project was fun. The implication there is that their production tax credits that we expected to realize resulting from that project earlier in the year, but because we had a slow start for enterprises, we didn't actually realize the effects of the production tax credits at enterprises in the first half year. So we'll pick that up. Also in the second half of the year and the last thing I'll note, is if you think about the comp relative to 2018, we did have a write-off in the second half of the year of about $3.5 million attributable to file our city, because we were no longer planning to convert that plant from coal to natural gas. And so the absence of that write-off, we spent $3.5 million pre-tax. That's about a penny. And then you've got, I think the vast majority of the capacity sales as well as the realization of production tax credit. So it's those three things that largely get you back our planned EPS contribution of $0.14 from enterprises for the year.
Paul Patterson: Yeah, that is helpful. And I didn't want to belabor it, I just want to make sure that I understood that that 1.5% is based on your utility energy efficiency efforts.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. And now, just one sort of quick follow-up on that. on the gas side, I know it's a small quarter for gas usage, but it did seem to grow pretty rapidly I think that's on Page 14 or I have to agree -- let me find it. But if you follow what I'm saying, the residential grew like 14.3% and 8.3% for commercial. I just was wondering, is there anything going on there? I mean, it just seems like a relatively high number on a weather-normalized basis.
Paul Patterson: I follow you. It just sort of jumped out of me. Okay. I understand to take it with a grain of thought I guess to a certain degree. But, okay. Thanks so much guys. All my other questions were answered, and have a great one.
