Tom Webb: Absolutely. What Julian is talking to if you have all the slides handy it was slide number 12. The slide I called an investor favorite, I know it's my. I just got that curve in it with the little blue box in it, that blue box in terms of what are some of the pull ahead. What are some choices that we have, with all this favorable performance from better cost reductions and we have actually planned and we have a nice toasty summer here at the end with a nice humidity that we don't always get in lovely Michigan which helped us a bit. But in that box you will see a few different items. First one is pull aheads, those are traditional things that we do, if we can take work from next year and pull it into this year it makes the job we have to do next year easier and so some examples are there are some small outages that we are able to pull ahead, a little bit of tree trimming got pulled ahead during the course of the year, things that improve reliability, things that help us be a better company for our customers and make our job a little easier as we go into 2017. The next item that’s listed there is called debt pre-funding. I think everybody knows we're such chickens that we go out and pre-fund our parent debt at least two years in advance to ensure that if there was a nightmarish scenario of 2007 or 2008 proportions we would not have any exposure in the capital markets. This is some of that, this is simply pulling ahead some debt that will mature calling that potentially when it's economic and doing a little more financing for that. It's a little bit of bad news for this year, so it's one of those choices that helps you in the next year or two, that’s a nice one. There is a list at the bottom there that talks about operations and quality. There are so many things that we can do to be better for our customers that aren't necessarily in our rate cases and not necessarily in our basic plans, but we will do those. I will just give you one example, Patti has talked and I have talked about the consumers energy way. Well sometimes it takes a little bit of money to bring in the talent to help you make these changes in your processes to the better ways of doing things.  So this gives us a little more resource to do some of that work even sooner than we plan to do so that we can get ahead of the game that improves on our quality, it improves on our delivery, improves on our cost and makes us a healthier better company for you but importantly for our customers and then the reason I picked the third one last it's sort of what happens towards the end of the year. We get a choice of how much money can we put into our company foundation and to low income funds to help customers, to help the people of Michigan, to help our hometown team quite candidly and in some years even though we have been strained where we have a very big storm at the end of the year and maybe we don't have as many resources to put towards that, but in other years we have an opportunity to catch up a little bit and put some more money into the foundation and those are the choices we get to make towards the end of the year. So that gives you a little bit of sense on what the things are -- the categories and how they can help you next year ensure that your growth in 6% to 8% zone which is an important commitment for us becomes easier to do or more difficult to do as far as that goes but in this case it makes it a little bit easier. Julian, I hope that helps. We will go to your next question. 
Tom Webb: Naturally, the more people have to turn to find those resources. Now they can't get -- I will call it a free ride that I mean that in a very constructive and complementary way, but they can't get a free ride. They got to go secure their capacity, well there is only so many places to go to get capacity in zone seven and nearby zones. So obviously that could help in and that fits in with why we set this layering in strategy. We try not to be too greedy thinking that we stay out of the capacity markets all of sudden we can get everything at some peak price. We're trying to layer it and just recently we layered in, I mentioned it in the tax, a little more good news we did a little more capacity sales above $4 a kilowatt month, so that’s an opportunity that could help but don't forget DIG can also be just an excellent backup to our own utility if there is a need for that capacity and that’s another reason why we haven't committed all of it so far. 
Tom Webb: It definitely is not. What you see in yellow on that slide is all the ability to create more headroom. We do not need any of that to meet our growth targets starting next year at 6% to 8%. 
Tom Webb: You are always very good at your analysis, but this is a subject that we actually can't talk about today and I hope you will appreciate that. 
Tom Webb: We probably wouldn't say that. We are so doggone conservative that we like to tell you just think somewhere between flat to 1% growth, that's about how we plan the future, because that's how we look at our business. We try to get a sense that, plan it low. You've heard my story many times about my experiences back at Ford and why that pays out because if you are wrong and it is a little higher than you think, that is a helpful thing as you go through a given year. If you are wrong and it is lower, then that is a struggle and you got to do things that you might not have planned to do to make your commitment to your customers and your commitment to your investors. So we would rather be on that conservative side. So off the top of my head, I would like to think when we run numbers we run them from flat to 1% and anywhere in that zone we feel pretty good. 
Tom Webb: Usually when you make a no comment answer, that's it. Actually it is because my voice is cracking up. I have got nothing left. Truthfully, this just is one of those subjects that we are not able to talk about and you can imagine why. 
Tom Webb: I don't know who you are talking about that's doing that. But people are constantly looking at should we built here, build there? When you are down in that general area, you might be talking about Illinois solutions. And you are probably aware that, for instance, Covert, one of the larger IPPs that is left, is hooked up to PJM, but they are in the process, potentially, of selling their plant.  So these things are dynamic but I don't have a lot of specifics on that particular question. But I will tell you what I will do, I will double-check after I am off the call and if there is something of substance we know about, we will share that. 
Patti Poppe: There are a lot of things in-flight with the MISO filing and what the implications are. So I'll try and break it down a little bit and then answer completely your question. So first of all MISO is filing for somewhere around November 1. This opportunity for a three year forward-looking auction and we think that’s important addition to Michigan for all of MISO but it's definitely important to Michigan given our hybrid regulatory construct. Therefore their filing has a provision for what's called prevailing state compensation mechanism which the State works with MISO to establish in order for the state to have an alternative in the event that forward showing auction and our forward-looking statements looking capacity shows shortfall so in the event of a shortfall typically the option would go simply to cone [ph] and that would set the price. So to your question on prices yes the capacity prices would go up just with the auction, but if Michigan sees a look at short fall then they implement prevailing state compensation mechanism which requires them the alternative energy suppliers to show that they have owned or contractor capacity for the subsequent three planning years and then their customers pay a capacity charge that the NPS fee will have the authority to set So obviously that charge has an impact on the alternative energy supplier customers but what we think is fair about that is that if additional capacity is required, then the people who are requiring are actually paying for it versus our bundled customers, so it protects our full bundle customers because we know that we will have adequate supply to serve our customers. Now from a DIG perspective I will let Tom address what the implications for DIG might be if that MISO auction. 
Patti Poppe: And then Julien I guess I would just add one more implication then for the utility in the event of this implementation. If the alternative energy supplier can't secure additional capacity, then it defaults to and then the NPS can direct the utility to build out that capacity and that then those charges will be assigned to those alternative energy suppliers so that is definitely a potential. Now the timing of all this, the filing for MISO is November of this year. We think there won't be a final ruling from FERC until 2017 and that implies then that it won't be available at -- the earliest it would be available would be in the 2018 auction which is actually for the 20/21/22 planning years. So there's a lot of time and a lot of things that can change between here and there but we know why MISO is motivated because they are concerned about reliability, long term and transparency of the supply and we agree with their concerns. I will reiterate though that our plan and our CapEx forward plans do not require that this MISO provision be in place. We do not require that the energy lobby be past, we really are in a position that our plans is solid with or without either the energy law or the MISO tariff approval. 
Patti Poppe: Yes, I would say, Ali, total costs were in the top quartile. Those structural changes that we've made, the long-term cost savings that we've put in place, puts us in total. However, where we see the big opportunity is in our distribution operations, both gas and electric are still middle of the pack. And so our pursuit of both the great customer experience and low cost structure, really, we feel like that's where a lot of our headroom lives. That's why we're working so hard on our process improvements. 
Patti Poppe: We have had good luck with our gas-enhanced infrastructure replacement program, which is essentially an investment recovery mechanism on our gas business. And so I think that has earned some trust and respect with the commission. I think they are more open to it. Their bigger concern is infrastructure reliability in the state. Post Flint, our Commission is very adamant that not on our watch will we have another infrastructure crisis related to the utilities. So it makes the conditions more amenable to these investment recovery mechanisms.  Though they do want to -- and they have gone on the record saying they like having annual rate cases where they can see and we can pass on cost savings. So I think it is an opportunity to continue to grow those investment recovery mechanisms, but not necessarily get a flat rider on capital where we don't have to go in for rate cases. 
Patti Poppe: You bet. As I am sure you have seen a little bit of the press that's been out in the last week or so, the Michigan Chamber has now endorsed the bill package. And that is allowing for some more momentum and there has been a compromise on the renewable portfolio standard at 15% for 2021 that's bringing some more Democrats on board. Therefore, there seems to be quite a bit of momentum. However, we have seen momentum before, so we really are cautiously optimistic.  Arlan Meekhof, the Majority Senate Leader, and Mike Nofs, the Energy Chair out of the Senate, are working hard toward a vote post election. With the proper momentum and a good vote count, they will take that vote and potentially move it then into the House. So there's a lot of things that would have to come to fruition to get it to pass in the House. But with the right momentum and bipartisan support and the support of the Michigan Chamber, it is more likely, I would say, than ever, but I still put odds around 50-50 that it gets done before year end.  And as you know, Paul, we continue to reiterate our plan doesn't require the law but we think it is good policy for Michigan. We think it is important that energy resource supply be transparent and that the cost allocations be fair for new and additional capacities. This suite of Bills does that work and does a good job of it, so we are supportive of it. But again, our plan doesn't count on it and it doesn't require it. 
Patti Poppe: Yes. The administration has been very supportive. They have concern about resource adequacy in Michigan, particularly for the power provided by the alternative energy suppliers. They have real frustration that it is not transparent where that power is coming from. And the administration and the Commission and the utilities have been very clear that we want to make sure that it is transparent, that we have adequate supply for the whole state. We know we have adequate supply for our customers. We want to make sure that the alternative energy suppliers also have adequate supply one way or another for their customers. 
Patti Poppe: We don't think so. Our CapEx plan and as you saw in our slides, our generation strategy is smaller and smaller bets. We want to make sure that we build for necessary load, that we are focused on a diverse portfolio that can adjust as load shifts and so that we can make quicker, smaller bets rather than long, long-term big bets. So there is nothing in the provisions of the law that would change that strategy. 
Patti Poppe: But I will say this. Generally, about our capacity planning strategy, we have alternative options. When PPAs do come off and we have a couple -- we have many PPAs, and as they retire and we decide whether we're going to renegotiate those PPAs or replace them, we do have options to bring in -- to do more bilaterals with other energy suppliers, or to build new capacity, incremental renewables, more demand response and energy efficiency. We are doing a lot of, obviously, capacity planning to make sure that we have adequate supply for all of our customers for all the years to come.  It is an exciting time because we have a lot of smaller bet options that can provide for a very diverse portfolio for serving our customers. And that frees up, then, investment room in our electric distribution system and our gas business where we have significant investment requirements. So we really have a good balanced approach right now. 
Patti Poppe: It actually would work as a charge to the customer of the alternative energy supplier, not the energy supplier themselves. 
Patti Poppe: So the MISO study that the state requested really has several components. One is the feasibility of connecting the Upper Peninsula, which is not our service territory. Zone 2 in the MISO zone to Sault Ste. Marie and between Sault Ste. Marie and Ontario. Then looking at connecting the UP and the Lower Peninsula to an existing transmission project in Gaylord. Or starting a large gas plant constructed up north somewhere up in the UP.  So it's a variety of studies and they are all pointing to one situation as trying to be correct, and that is the resource adequacy issue. Because of our regulatory construct in Michigan, there is this loophole in the UP that has caused a major cost shift up there. So they are trying to figure out a way to better serve the people of the Upper Peninsula.  We participate to the extent that we are energy experts and the governor relies on us for our input and insights, but the study that they requested from MISO really will help frame up the situation, I would say. And when it is complete, we will certainly obviously take a look and see what the options are. 
Patti Poppe: Great, thank you. And thanks for listening to our call today, everybody. We appreciate your interest and definitely appreciate your ownership. Tom and I look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in just a couple weeks. 
