John Russell: We are planning on something that’s really just (inaudible) kind of in the ball park of what we’re talking to you about now, let’s see if we can get you some of that volume number here hold on just a second. So we are looking in that case it’s something that would show about 2% growth year-over-year if you think of that as ‘11 over ‘10 and that will apply that towards next year.
John Russell: And let me give you a little color on the tree trimming to help everybody because I know that’s one area that we’re able to do things effectively in short-term. So our plans for this year at nearly $10 million increase in tree trimming. After the first quarter we’re so good, we moved that up substantially by around another $10 million and we pulled that back just a little bit, not a lot and with this very hot July that John just mentioned we may not need to pull that back much at all. So the important message here I think is not only through tree trimming but through their entire business, we manage our cost to fit what our business needs. And so we work with reliability and we work the results as well.
John Russell: (Inaudible) wouldn’t even think too much about the third quarter. We’ve been able to flux through the first year, first year-to-date to handle it.
John Russell: When you look at the data you’re going to see us up a little bit for the trailing 13 months. And don’t let that coming get in the way, little bit of that may be a weather adjustment, but over the year we anticipate to be fairly close to those authorized levels, both electric and gas. And I can’t predict it could be a tenth or so above or tenth so under, but in that range.
John Russell: Yeah, sure. There has been a bill that has been introduced, but it’s not going anywhere and it’s to provide in exception to the 10% cap for schools only. There is – what we see is no traction in the bill, very little interest in the bill. But you said it right, Ali, it was promoted by out of states third-party marketers and there seems to be little interest in the legislature to move forward with that.
John Russell: Yeah, I mean we’ve met with the Governor several times and he’s made some public statement, he is very supportive of the law, he likes the law the way it is. He doesn’t have any plans to change the law, we’ve – I don’t think the Senate or the House Energy Committee Chairman’s have mentioned it, but they’ve talked to us about it, they like the fact that we’re into a couple of years in the law as you know it only started in 2008. We’ve been making significant investments or partnering with the state the latest one that we combined with the DTE and Huntington bank to do the pure Michigan connect. The administration – this administration see us more as an economic development partner to help grow Michigan, make investments and move the state and business forward. So I’m very pleased to help and it’s what we want to do.
John Russell: And I’ll take a look at what I mentioned in the electric business. I mean that case that we filed there all capital spent with a reduction in O&M and that’s a good way to look at. We talked before about we’re trying to keep our base rates, we anticipate to keep our base rates at or below the rate of inflation going forward. And the way to do that is to go in to rate cases where you actually have reduction or very small increase in your O&M.
John Russell: And one thing to just to add to that Michigan has got a reputation for the high-end employment, but if you think about two years ago, we were at 14.5% unemployment rate, we’re down to 10.5% which is the significant reduction. We’re still about a point above the national average, but we’re starting to see the employment at Michigan comeback and some of the autos comeback and start to hire different shares, and particularly when you think about the bolt on and some other things that are being produced here. We’re starting to see that unemployment number come down, which I also think maybe having a little impact on residential sales account.
John Russell: Yeah, I’ve not heard about it, it’s not unexpected though, I expect that. Everything that comes out of the EPA recently and probably in the near future will be challenged by somebody. So we’re looking at, we are – our planning purposes looks that what the order says, what the regulation requires and then we look at what the reality is, that what we expect through lawsuits and through fights to get this through. Our point is as we think at the end of the day that regulation will probably be delayed about a year, that’s where we’re looking at.
John Russell: No, I mean that will be fought in courts, but the one that we are looking at right now that affects us most is casper.
John Russell: Yeah. We’re moving forward with it albeit slowly. We have a plan in place to move forward with smart grid when the pilots are complete. We’re looking at a very incremental approach to this beginning with the electric business, beginning on the west side of the state near Grand Rapids. And then working its way around the state. We’ve eliminated the gas business, we don’t see a positive business case for changing for gas customers except those that are combination customers. But the business case today is sound with our operational cost reductions and with the investments that we make in smart grid we should be able to see or we will see a payoff for customers on a net present value basis.
John Russell: It’s a pretty long roll out about six or seven years as I recall. Starts in at about 12 and should be done around 16 and something like that. So it’s scheduled, it’s done by geographic territory, so we can get the benefits of those areas, evaluate the customer profiles, are they actually reacting to smart grid and then move around to the other areas. So since we first proposed the if you followed us for a while we first proposed it, we’ve reduced the amount of investment about $125 million in that range, we’ve extended the timeframe for the implementation of it, and we’ve eliminated the gas only customers in the plan.
John Russell: Yeah. Actually we made the affect that we’re kind of the followers of the pack, may be good for us as far as vendors and who we can secure for this.
John Russell: Exactly. And the smaller units can just to make clear those smaller units can run right now till about 2015 not for say round purposes. Then we have a couple of options, one is to put the controls in and run them though we need to make to those decisions later this year or next year so that we are prepared for the 2015 target date. If we don’t put controls on them we could retire them or third option which is most likely right now but we haven’t looked at the rule in detail yet is to mothball. I mean, we can mothball them up for three years.
John Russell: That’s what we’re evaluating right now Jonathan. I want to make sure I fully understand what though the impact is of (inaudible).
John Russell: Later this year or early next year, between those. Because, look we need to make a decision on what we’re going to do on so you know, probably at the end of this year or early next year.
John Russell: Shouldn’t affect it. And end of the day if we close them down, we want have any (inaudible) associated with those plants. So that would keep our rates lower. If we do invest in it, that would bring some capital but the only reason we had invest the capital in the smaller plants is if those plans would be competitive in the market which overall would save customers money.
John Russell: All right let me wrap up today if we can. First of all, as Tom said I know it’s a busy day some of you are flying between calls, so let me thank you for joining us again. We had another good quarter both operationally and financially. First half earnings were up 20% and that’s really a lot as we talked about to accelerate reliability spending and cover our storm restoration expense. One thing I want to highlight too we’ve eliminated all nuclear fuel risk with a DoE settlement. Jim Pruner and his team did a great job getting that one done and we remain committed to provide value to our customers and our shareholders. So thanks for joining us today and good luck with the rest of your calls.
Thomas Webb: I think that’s a great question. And the first answer will come when we get sort of what I call the second part of the gas rate case after this settlement. The commissions do some time within this next month to talk to us a little bit about how they would handle decoupling. I think there we will see a signal when that direction comes out as to whether they want to modify the process a little bit going forward and we’ll just wait and see. I know there are different views in the States about how the decoupling should be handled, some people feel that it will be better just to make it energy efficiency and others like us feel that we like the more full decoupling approach for the economy, as well as the weather, but let’s all wait and see what happens.
Thomas Webb: Okay, let me take that one. We’ve not given guidance on our payout ratio. We know we’re below the peers in that, we grow a little bit faster than our peers and our payout ratio are better a little bit than last. But that’s something we look at on an annual basis compared to the industry and say we need to be competitive with our peers and satisfy our shareholders.
Thomas Webb: Yeah, a couple of things. (Inaudible) is common on both – what we’ve done is we’ve accelerated expenses above and beyond the rate case levels this year. One of the key areas is forestry expense. Our focus is to improve the reliability to our customers, so what we’ve been able to do because of the success in the first half of this year continue to accelerate investment. Some of those investments so we will slow down a little bit based on the storms that we’ve had and paying for the storms and the recovery of those storms. So we’re in position pretty well to do that and as I mentioned earlier, we did have some favorable weather early in the year in the gas business to offset some of those storm cost. And what’s not in there now, but Tom covered is how hard it is in July.
Thomas Webb: Ali, that’s a good question and I would answer get to the end and say, no. We think the timing is right for the filing, but the 12.6 % that you see from the trail through June 30th, if you whether adjust that right away you get to 11.5%. But then when you look at our full-year plans for the next six months, we’re in that pretty close to the zone of the authorized level of the 10.5%. So we feel really comfortable that what we’re doing is bringing our investment programs forward and then asking to get the recovery of those and rates in working too hard to keep our O&M down. So those are things that are received pretty well up in lancing.
Thomas Webb: No, I tell you should look at our cash flow schedule we show you and if you put those together, I would – you think between $25 million and $30 million a year. The continuous equity being around $15 million and then the drift in the rest there, so that’s about the number to use $25 million to $30 million, you see $29 million forecast for this year.
Thomas Webb: Yeah, the capital when you think of storms like that, we’ve shown you there is the impact on earnings. Usually a storm is split, but depends on the type of storm. Ice storm will be majority of capital, a little bit of less in O&M, most of the recovery outages based on wind and others will be the majority of O&M. So for planning purposes think of the split. The capital that we spent for restoration for the customers is in the plan. We’ve got the capital for that, it was the O&M that exceeded what our targets were for the first half of the year.
Thomas Webb: Yeah, I’d tell you the way to look at that and what you’re seeing on that slide is full-year, just to relate that a little bit to help you on your questions that the residential side for the first half is up about 1% compared to our two-year and trending up. Commercials been down and flat and the industrial is what continues to grow for us. So what we’ve seen for the last year and half is the industrial recovery is driving substantially the rest of the state for us, the rest of our service territory. We’re watching the first quarter with good growth particularly on top of the 12% increase a year ago, the second quarter with good growth compared to the 12% a year ago increase. And so we see the industrial side leaning the way out where consumer confidence comes back and the residential is already turning around. So we see that being up about 2% for the year following that industrial up about 5% for the year, but the commercial side is lagging. And candidly that simply confidence people going back to the commercial sector for things that they need whether its haircuts or whatever it maybe and that part is coming around slower than the rest, I suspect we’ll see that turn up a little bit next year, not this year.
Thomas Webb: No, that doesn’t seem to be much interest, Paul. I mean, people – I hear it from analysts and I hear it from outside energy providers, but they’re just doesn’t seem to be the interest here. And the reason is the administration looks it up with being the second largest investor in the state, the seventh largest employer in the state, we spent $2 billion a year on goods and services with the state that support 2700 companies in Michigan. So when they looked us, they would think, wow, this is a pretty important company to the success for the state of Michigan.
Thomas Webb: Yeah, great question. I will say just publicly, it was much easier to get the extension than it was the original air permit. But now that we have it at the end of the day the fundamental principles of why – why we went? Why we delayed it in the first place still whole through. The gas price is continue to be low, we believe that shale gas is real, it’s going to keep prices, gas prices low in the future. Despite the fact that we’re seeing an increase in customer demand, it’s not enough to justify a new plant and there is still uncertainty of what we’re going to do about our older small coal-fired unit. I mean those plants despite the fact that they are old they are dispatched at a high rate, nearly 70 % capacity factors. So nothing has really changed from that standpoint, but we thought it was in our best interest to request the extension just to provide an option for us in the future.
Thomas Webb: That’s a very good question. On the electric side, you’re exactly right. It is full decoupling which includes the economy, includes the weather and energy efficiency. On the gas side we don’t have the weather offsets and decoupling. However, remember the mechanism reverses the levels in a rate case and it’s not really perfect. So when you get a very hot summer, you will get a little believe through of that good news and if you had a very mild summer by the way, you’ll get a believe through of that news the other way. So it’s not a 100% in the method that the decoupling is done when it’s done by average customers. So you’ll see pretty good coverage on that with decoupling, but you’ll see depending on the amount of heat in the summer month, some of that will flow through. But remember if it was very mild it can also go the other way. So it’s not a perfect mechanism.
Thomas Webb: To the big five it really will have limited impact. We may have to accelerate slightly some investments, but I don’t have the exact number right now what we do. If it moves to 2012, so that on that too concerned about the impact it would be what happens with the smaller coal-fired units. But I think as we talked before those units we think our most impacted by the Mercury rule already established in Michigan. So that would be – when the mercury rule goes into effect in 2015 in Michigan that would determine the fate, if you will, of those smaller plants. And as for us what happens to the viability of the customers and so forth, if the rule goes force in 2012, I do believe that you’re going to see a quicker closure of some of the coal plants then probably what people are anticipating, which in turn of those plants are competitive could raise rates for customers. And I know that’s the case with our seven smaller units which are competitive today, but based on the rules that the EPA has come up with, I don’t think it’s likely that we would put the controls into those plants because of their age and the ultimate cost that’s required.
