Thomas J. Webb: Right. We're probably mixing a couple of things in there. I will just make it clear that -- let's use the decoupling appeals court order. The judge in that situation said that their -- by the letter of the law, the word electric was not mentioned in the 2008 energy law. So even though we continue gas decoupling, he did not see the authorization for electric decoupling. When he came out and said that, he said, "But you know, the commission does have full authority to do things like trackers." So it can do -- it can get the effect, if it chooses, of decoupling in different ways. There have been lots of comments and things around this whole subject. But I would tell you it's our understanding that trackers in different words or forms are permitted for the Public Service Commission to do. And so we don't see any barriers to that and decisions they'll be making in the future about our electric and gas rate cases, when it comes to having the revenue mechanisms we proposed or the capital investment mechanisms that we proposed. They can put forms of trackers on that if they so choose, but those decisions are yet ahead for them.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes, I'll take those. First, on the cost side, that's the bigger, more important question, I think, of the 2. And I would tell you yes. This last year -- first of all, to get directly to your point, we had programmed to take our cost down 6%, and we didn't go all the way, because we were able to, in the fourth quarter, make some investments for customer reliability that we wouldn't other be able -- otherwise be able to make when we had the very warm summer. So of course, the net effect of making those investments in our business reduced the size of the year-to-year cost reductions, which were still substantial and maybe among the best in the sector. But this year, that made it a little bit easier than in '13 with those costs in place to not repeat those and be able to lower our cost even further. But I would tell you, take a look at our Slide 22 because we give you what I'll call is a handful of examples of what we've done and a handful of examples of what we are doing for the future. And there are many more beyond this. So on that slide, we remind you that we'll be mothballing our small coal plants. That will save some money. Our productivity commitment for the next 5 years is another 25%. That will save money each and every year. Our benefit plans, we have some smart things to do and partly what the federal government is doing where we'll be able to take some advantages to do our benefit programs more efficiently and economically than we do today, and you'll see some of that this year. The smart energy program at consumers, that's one that I think everybody's familiar with, not needing meter readers and so on and so on. We're really just rolling that out. We're a bit of a laggard. We are behind other companies, but by design, so that we could benefit from the latest technologies and the smartest things to do around security and the like. And so as that rolls out, we'll only start to see some of those benefits coming in. So there's a lot of things we can do. We have a good deal of confidence in where we are for reducing our cost by 6%. And you'll notice that we give you an estimate for the next 5 years, which we think we can do at about, on average, 1% a year. As we get closer to each of those years, we'll look at them a lot harder and that's when we'll see, "Can we do a bit more?" Sure, those cost reductions help us a little bit on our earnings when they're done, but it's temporary. We pass that right through to our customers because we make our money on the investments we're making, which help many of those enable these cost reductions. So from a cost reduction story, yes, we got a little bit of a helping hand this year with some monies that we put in place last year. But we've got a good plan with specific actions on how to get there. On EnerBank, it's a small part of our business and it has grown nicely. It's -- they've done a good job there. They, along with enterprise, make up about $0.11 of our earnings per share last year. I would tell you that we'd like to see the enterprise side grow a bit more. It's $0.05 of that number. And this isn't a great market to have IPPs, but it is one that we're doing okay in and we see some upside there. So we see some nice growth opportunity. We're proud of EnerBank, but it's a small piece of our business that, strategically, we need to keep in place, at least for now.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes, I think the way you should look at that is it's roughly in the 5% to 7% zone because that is the driving factor then, of course, for the earnings and the operating cash flow growth. So it's about in that arena.
Thomas J. Webb: It's different -- and it's different, Ali, from year to year, as you would expect, because it's not a perfect straight line. So where we might be around $1.4 billion this year and maybe similar the next year, you might see it come down a little bit for a year and then back up. So this -- the curved line that we gave you in our slides today was to give you a general trend, a smooth trend of that investment in the past and into the future.
Thomas J. Webb: Well, for sure it is, but I would also tell you that probably because -- John, didn't mean to here -- that we, when we look at that, even though it is skewed more into the electric than it is to gas, we're looking for opportunities every day to put more money in the gas side of the business because there are good things that need to be done. And with gas pricing having come down so much, there's room in our -- for our customers to be able to absorb that smart investment. Suffice it to say though, we're critiquing everything on the electric side, but we're not putting anything on the gas side that doesn't make absolute good sense for our customers.
Thomas J. Webb: I would say it this way, we've asked for what we needed, and we wouldn't want to be talking about other numbers in the middle of that process.
Thomas J. Webb: Even as you go forward, you would see that in '14 it's a similar number. But you may recall, if you went back a year to '11, we were still ramping up, so it was a little bit smaller number.
Thomas J. Webb: I think the way to -- again, weather-adjusted and -- oh, just straight up, about 0.5% to 1% is what you should look for in growth over the longer term. And no one can really precisely say like we do on our books that it's 0.x. So it's really about 0.5% to 1%. And then if you took EO out of that, add back about 1%. So think of -- if I round the number to 1% growth, then you'd be up to about 2% growth without EO.
Thomas J. Webb: For us, it's real simple. We kind of put blinders on, like a little horse that's just got oats in front of him, and we just look at the investment that we're making and determine what's the right time to go back to the commission, and that has been something approximately in annual rate cases. And the rate cases have all been about that investment. So we try not to be distracted for a variety of reasons that might happen that would cause you to go a little faster, a little slower. Do we think about those? Yes. Do we think about rates in winter seasons? Yes. Do we do all that? Ours is just plowing down a course that's steady, routine, regular cases. Now I do want to add, because I know you picked it up, but to make sure everybody else does, we've put some mechanisms in both the electric and gas cases that could permit us, if they're granted, around capital spending. For instance, recovery in future years, for at least a year or 1.5 years out, depending if it's electric or gas case, that could permit us not to have to come in for a regular rate case. Since our requests are all capital spending, if we had some form of a tracker that went out for, say 2 years, then we could stay out of rate cases for that period. And if we did one a little bit longer, probably stay out that little bit longer, too. That's one we're not presumptuous thinking that it's our decision. So we'll see what the commission chooses to do with that as to how they'd like to pace this recovery.
Thomas J. Webb: We're going to -- again, we don't like to get out in front of people and their decisions. We're going to make certain that we have an air permit and a commission that believes we deserve a Certificate of Need and that's when we'll start making the decisions about what we would do that's related to the gas plant. So I think you'd see that out in the future a bit. We'll be looking at our total capital programs and what we need to do each day. But for the, this one, we want to get the decision so that we know we can talk to you about facts rather than just desires.
Thomas J. Webb: Yes, the NOLs are good, counting this year, through the next 4 years. But here's the thing that could change that. If we had another big bonus depreciation year, which we don't anticipate, but if that were to happen again this next year coming up, you know how that works. That gives us the tax shelter where the investments are made down at the utility, and then that allows us to take our NOLs and extend them out, use them later. They have long lives as they exist today. But we'd be able to take out the time with which they're used up and therefore, take out the time in which we would need to generate more cash through equity or something like that. So we updated this since we talked last third quarter earnings call. We put some new things in with some programs that help us on some tax shelters and the bonus depreciation. And we're clean through 2016. Now we do tell you, we have credits that go further than that, but those have to be looked at each and every year when you do your tax returns. Those are not always all usable right away. Some of those may get used later in time. So the way to think about this, good NOL coverage through 2016 and then we'll work hard to see if we can't do some other things.
Thomas J. Webb: You might be surprised in the gas business that there actually is more weather-related than you might think on industrial. People are heating greenhouses, which is a big thing up in Michigan. People are heating large buildings where they do pharmaceutical testing. So there's more of that than you might think, at least that's what I learned over time.
Thomas J. Webb: Well, let me first help you on residential and commercial because we completely agree that that's a slow process in terms of the recovery. Industrial comes first when you're shooting down or up either way. That's just the way it happens in an economy. We're seeing the residential come back up. Remember residential, which we show as sort of flat year-to-year. When you take out the energy efficiency work, it's actually up 1%. So you're beginning to see residential usage come back around. Commercial's following, and I'm just going to tell you, commercial's flat. There are people who are still concerned about the economic conditions of the country and even the globe, I guess, when it gets down to that. So they're being very cautious on their recovery. What is encouraging is the industrial side where industrial customers, as a whole, were back to prerecession levels 2 years ago with great growth on top of that. So here we see our industrial customers, excluding this E1 tariff, up another -- over 3.5%, almost 4%, again this year and we see that as really a good encouraging progress with lots of evidence when we talk to our customers individually about what they're doing and they see we get some comfort. They have worries, like everybody does, in what's happening in Washington, for example, but they're growing their businesses nicely. On the E1 tariff, we're actually not permitted by contract to talk very much about the details that are in that, but I would ask you to accept this, if you don't mind, is that it was a tariff put in place to help start up some sales and boost a particular sector. We did mention around the solar side of the business. With whatever things that are happening worldwide and across the United States, they're struggling right now. And as they fall away sharply, that does ploke [ph] the overall growth that's happening for all of our customers absent that one tariff. So we thought -- and we don't like to call out any particular tariff or any particular customer. We're very loyal to all of them in helping them be successful. But in this case, we thought you needed to know that our growth at 2% would have been 3.5% without that.
Thomas J. Webb: No, this is an absolute number and that's something we're very proud of. A lot of folks will tell you on phone calls, numbers versus inflation. If you assumed we have a -- would have a 2% inflation this year, our numbers will be down 8%. So no adjustments, nothing. Dollar to dollar, we are down 6% or will be. That's our plan for this year.
Thomas J. Webb: The way to look at it -- the way we run our business here is we build like a 5-year plan where we try to put in some tough objectives. But we don't put things in our plan that we don't know how to do. So when you're out 4 and 5 years, it's a little more difficult to program exactly what all the O&M will be. So we've put in the things we know and we say we've got to, for our customers, at least keep our numbers flat. Then as we get close to each year, we look at what can we do that would be even better. So as you'll -- my guess is, and we don't have any such numbers right now, as we get close to 2014, we'll start to talk about what we can do to bring those numbers down, because we'll have real plans as we get closer to that year. So facts are 6% this year, flat beyond this year, but -- because when you work in the 6%, that will be about a 1% decline as you observed, and we'll look for ways to bring those numbers down as we get close to each and every year.
John G. Russell: Yes, they look for -- and right now, I think you know that the staff is supportive of the tracker. The issue there is that, I think, and you'll have to verify this with DTE, is that the DTE gas business in that case was requesting a 5-year duration. And I think that's what caused some angst on the ALJ. But the staff was supportive of it so -- and in our case, we're not looking for that duration. We're looking for a shorter duration, one year.
John G. Russell: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, Ali, you've got the Governor that's come out and said that the law, we like the law, he likes the law. The folks in the legislature, we've seen one bill that's been introduced in the Senate, which was a bill to open up the cap, which was similar to a bill that was introduced last year and no action was taken on it. There's not been any bill, as I know as of today, that's been introduced in the House. The House has -- or the Senate has already gone through hearings on changing the law. Senator Nofs, who runs the energy house -- or the Senate Energy Committee, is supportive of the law, and I think 8 of the 9, or 7 of the 9 committee members he has, which are bipartisan, have been supportive of the law and voted for it in 2008. So if there's work to be done, it's the work that I talked about this year with what the Chairman of the commission is doing, coupled with the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, to go out and seek opinions and thoughts about this in these public forums that are being conducted over the next several months. But in addition to that, and the point I want to make very clear is, they've also been very thoughtful about constructing a list of 80 questions that are going out to all parties for responses back, I think it's in the April time frame, April, May time frame. And what they're trying to do is collect data, not opinions necessarily, but also data-driven approaches about regulatory, renewable energy, energy efficiency, what works, what hasn't worked, what's the data behind it, and that's exactly what they're trying to do. We'll be actively involved in those. I expect there'll be some hearings I'll be involved with as we go forward on this. So the point is they're looking at it. We've always thought that a natural time to look at the 2008 law would be in 2015, and that's what the Governor really directed in his energy message because there are some natural fall-offs that occur in 2015. Do we keep doing energy optimization at the levels we have today? Do we keep the surcharge the same? Do we expand renewable energy from what it is today? And so that's kind of a natural process that we go through right now.
John G. Russell: Yes, that's true. This is John. Tom's working on your number. Yes, think of the sales for 2013 basically flat overall. And then if you add back the energy optimization, that's about a 1% and then E1 that Tom talked about is about another 1%. So in that range, that's what you should be looking at from that standpoint.
John G. Russell: We'd start -- 2 things we need, Brian, we need the air permit and then we need the Certificate of Need. So we'd start construction around '15 and be operational by the summer. Right now, '17 is what we're planning.
John G. Russell: Yes, Paul, let me talk about that. One of the things, that we had a remarkably warm winter last year, so when you look at the weather adjustment models we use, I don't think they really have experienced a whole lot around that area because it was, what I would call, almost record-setting as far as warm weather. So I don't see that as a really good indicator for -- I mean, I wish we had better models. But when you get into that territory, as Tom said, that we were losing $8 million, $9 million to $11 million in the winter, ever since [ph], it was a big issue. As far as fuel switching, limited. The bigger thing we're doing in fuel switching in our territory is that we've got propane customers, about 400,000 propane customers that we can switch to natural gas. And we've got an aggressive program that we're working on that today. So -- but that requires pipes to be installed to be able to access those customers. So when you think about compared maybe to the East Coast and others that maybe you're thinking about, we don't have as much of that fuel switching as they do, but it's an opportunity for us to grow and be able to capitalize on the switch from propane to natural gas, which for our customers, is about a 2-year payback after they pay for the installation and all new appliances. So it's something we think has potential in the gas business.
John G. Russell: I don't know. I mean, it's relatively small when you look at it. I guess it's down substantially. Most of our industrial customers, when you look at the base there, are large customers that take transport. So the mix that we focus on in our business is really the residential and the commercial because that's where the margin is. Most of the large customers are just paying us the throughput charge because most of them are on transportation rates and/or buying from third parties.
John G. Russell: All right. Well, let me wrap up today just by saying that we've had a good year of financial and operating performance in 2012 thanks to the employees at CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. They're responsible for this, and we appreciate the work that they've done to help us get to where we are today. We're also well positioned, you heard today, to deliver another year of consistent financial performance in 2013. We appreciate your interest in CMS Energy and look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thank you for joining us on the call today.
