Patricia K. Poppe: Thanks, Rejji. In summary, our investment thesis is driven by a large and aging system in need of capital investments, a growing and diverse service territory, a constructive regulatory statute, a unique self-funding model that is enhanced by the CE Way and tax reform and a healthy balance sheet to fund our plan cost effectively. We are confident in our ability to deliver consistent industry-leading growth and superior total shareholder return over the long term as we do the worrying for you and adapt to changing conditions. With that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. So there's is a couple of things. First on the elections themselves, as we said, we're very comfortable with either gubernatorial candidate. We do have term limits in Michigan, so it does result in a lot of turnover in the House and the Senate. But the good news is we passed that statute in 2016 and with large bipartisan support, so the idea of revisiting that would be a pretty long thought, I would suggest. But the new governor will obviously be able to appoint a new commissioner when Norm Saari's term ends mid-year next year. And the way the statute is written that establishes our Commission and our commissioners and their term really prevents what I would describe as shenanigans as a result of elections. We are very comfortable with the terms in statute, the number of parties represented on the Commission is in statute, so the idea that the new governor would replace Norm is very predictable. And they are six months into their new term and so we'll have an opportunity to help understand what the requirements and needs are of that new commissioner. So we're just not too concerned with any effect of the elections. On the property tax....
Patricia K. Poppe: We – yeah, we've been working with the Senate, they passed a bill proposed on what's called PPT, personal property tax. And in Michigan, when the Michigan tax reform happened I think back in 2012 the utilities were exempted from the reform on PPT. And so we're suggesting that future increases would be capped. And so we're working on that. I think it will be good for customers. When we think about the cost stack for customers, taxes are in there. So any time that we can reduce the tax liability actually for our customers, it's good for Michigan. So that's why we're working on that. I wouldn't hazard to guess of whether it will or won't pass, but it is something that we think will be good for customers so we're for it.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. Thanks for asking, Stephen. Obviously that was a serious situation and we've been very closely linked. In fact, we have about 30 folks who are out in Massachusetts right now assisting. I understand they're going to be coming home safely to us today, so we're wishing them a safe trip home, but we've looked closely. Our system configuration has one distinct difference between medium and standard pressure. We have relief valves that would prevent in an over-pressurized situation over-pressurizing that low pressure system. And so we do think that is an important feature that we have designed into our system. I would say from an investment standpoint, however, it is the enhanced infrastructure replacement program, which is our investment recovery mechanism for gas investment for our mains and now our vintage services is critical to this part of the system. And so we would – in fact a couple of years ago, we established our own public safety goal, a breakthrough goal that we've been working to replace more vintage services. And we do more inspections than are required by PHMSA on both high consequence and non-high consequence areas just because we know the safety of this system is so important. And given the commodity prices now, customers more now than ever can afford these investments to make the system safe. And it's really a unique point in time where we can do the right thing for the system and we don't have to trade off affordability for the magnitude of investment that we're doing. And so again we're thankful for our investors who make it possible to do that work here in Michigan.
Patricia K. Poppe: I think there could be revised regulations, particularly as it relates to PHMSA and remotely controlled valve configurations. Right now, a lot of times on our distribution systems across the country, it's not remotely controlled. We might have monitoring in place, but we can't control. And so there might be some potential regulations that would result in added investment across the country and across the system. I think for us when we think about our 6% to 8%, it will fit into our existing capital plan. I don't think it changes anything about our outlook. We would be prioritizing obviously safety as always number one in investment prioritization and meeting all regulatory requirements. So I think, again, it all hinges on the fact that safety is the overriding priority and potentially new regulations I think are possible, Stephen.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. And so, you know this is a near and dear subject to my heart, Stephen, as the co-chair on the EEI Electric Transportation Committee. I have been obviously paying close attention nationally, but here at home we filed for $7.5 million infrastructure for EV in our latest electric rate case. The Commission did a great job of convening parties ahead of that filing so we could have some alignment about it. And so I'm thankful for their hard work on that and the conversations that occurred ahead of our filing. We feel good about it. But as I've shared with you, Stephen, and with others, the idea that electric vehicle infrastructure is a huge capital play, I don't necessarily agree with that. I do think that it's an important component of the electrification strategy and as long as EVs are not charged on peak then it net and net reduces the unit cost of energy for all citizens. And so, there is benefit for all for enabling the EV infrastructure. But I'll tell you, in the Detroit Free Press, there was an editorial this week or maybe it was Crain's in Detroit, there was an editorial of a guy who bought an electric car and all his angst of getting around Metro Detroit to get charged and in fact he had his wife following him in his car so he didn't run out of charge. So there's infrastructure required for sure. It hit the press this week. And so I'm sure we'll have continued support to get that infrastructure built out. And faster is better, emission-free vehicles fueled by emission-free power is really our long-term vision.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, we're very excited about the IRP, Julien. It's a great construct the way it's designed. So we filed the IRP this fall where, and as Rejji mentioned 10 months out we'll get early indicators from the Commission on the record and then we have 60 days to respond and we could make adjustments. What we filed in our IRP has very little financial impact in the first three years of the IRP. But it does include an important resolution to PURPA here in Michigan and setting of avoided costs per PURPA is important across the country. But the Commission has stated clearly and reiterated most recently that the IRP is the vehicle that they will use to establish a mechanism for setting avoided costs for PURPA qualifying facilities and for establishing whether a utility has a need, therefore qualifying facilities would be added to the system. And so our competitive bidding proposal combined with the financial compensation mechanism or earning on a PPA will get concrete feedback from the Commission through this filing and so we're looking forward to hearing that. The staff's position recently published shows support for the thinking. Of course there's a range in the financial compensation mechanism between the staff's position and our own, but that's not unlike a range in an ROE between the staff position and the company. There's a process and potentially a settlement on the table to be able to come to resolution on that issue. So we're excited about what it holds for Michigan and we're excited about the future because of what we've been able to publish through that IRP.
Patricia K. Poppe: It's possible. You know settlements are hard sometimes, particularly in this IRP there is a lot of parties, there is a lot of people engaged. I think we have a proven track record on settlements. But this one would be complicated, and frankly the 10-month time clock is just fine with us. And so I would say I wouldn't put in over or under on that. I would just suggest that we'll work toward a settlement, but if we can't get one we're very comfortable going to a Commission order on the IRP.
Patricia K. Poppe: Praful, I would suggest that if you look back, you don't even have to go back as far as 2015 or 2014. You see dramatic weather differences, the opposite direction. So it really is not – I wouldn't suggest that average temperatures are rising. I would suggest that there is temperature variation and we can see that in our actual results over the last couple of years. You don't have to go far back to see a mild winter and a hot summer or a mild summer and a hot winter because we're gas and electric. Weather has a longer-term effect on us and sometimes evens itself out between the two commodities.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. As we've said before, Praful, EnerBank, nothing has changed with our point of view on EnerBank. It is in the same place that it has been. We don't put additional dollars into EnerBank itself growing and it plays its role in the system. Someone would have to pay the right price for us to sell EnerBank.
Patricia K. Poppe: So, again as Rejji was just describing, we're working towards a settlement on that. There is – we've had a lot of regulatory filings in Michigan as a result of the energy law in 2016, not necessarily rate filings, but regulatory proceedings and so there has been a desire to find a way to go in less often. And so we offered to stay out of rate cases for a couple of years with the implementation of this long-term tracker on our distribution system. It's a $3 billion proposal. That's a pretty big ask for the Commission to approve all of that spending. So we're not, I wouldn't put my bets on getting that full tracker approved. The staff has expressed our concerns about that full tracker, but perhaps a portion of it much like our gas, in our gas cases, we have an enhanced infrastructure replacement program tracking mechanism and that has worked out very well. It allows us to do longer term contracts with our contract providers. We're able to do a work plan that's more robust and reliable. We can eliminate waste in the system because we can plan ahead more effectively. So we're a fan of that kind of tracking mechanism. And we think that the detail provided in our five-year distribution plan was sufficient to support and maybe a portion, maybe it would be substation maintenance or maybe pole replacements or something like that as a first step toward longer term getting to a full capital tracker. But certainly we support the idea of the full capital tracker, but I wouldn't expect that it will fully be approved. But just keep in mind that just means that we continue to come in annually like we do. We have good outcomes from our regulatory filings and we're continuously improving our quality of those filings and we've seen good outcomes, and we feel good about going in annually if we need to, to make sure that we can make the necessary investments on behalf of our customers, and pass along cost savings that we realize throughout the year.
Patricia K. Poppe: Thanks, Rocco. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. I wish you all have a very safe Halloween. And we look forward to seeing you at EEI.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So, Michael, we at this time of the year, when we give guidance in Q3 it's always predicated effectively on the midpoint of our revised guidance, and so as Patti noted our revised 2018 guidance is $2.31 to $2.34 per share and so that's what it's driven off of, but as you know as we get actuals over the course of the fourth quarter and provide our fourth quarter earnings call we'll likely revise that number.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. It should be more of the same, Michael. I mean, we generally try to avoid surprises and so if I could characterize some of the topics that will likely come up, we'll talk a bit more about the progression of some of our regulatory items. So there is the pending gas case which should be filed at that point. There's the electric case which continues to progress, and then there is the IRP which is in the evidentiary phase, so we look forward to providing updates on that. Always happy to talk about the capital mix and what we're seeing there and then opportunities to continue to save costs and reduce our cost structure to perpetuate the self-funding strategy. So those are I think the variety of topics we'll cover and we'll have visibility at that point as well on the electoral front and what's taking place on the political side in Michigan. So I think all of those will be things we'll cover, but I don't expect a whole lot new beyond that.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So it's a little of both. It would be a roll-forward of the timeframe but also we would likely increase the capital plan. And we just don't know the extent to which we'll increase it. We talked about in the past the benefits of tax reform and how it's created incremental capital investment capacity to the tune of about $1.6 billion but we also think that the IRP as well as other capital investment opportunities across the gas and electric distributions create opportunities as well. And so we know that there's a nice backlog of capital investment, but as I said in the Q2 call, we want to make sure that we can afford, and I say we, meaning our customers as well as our investors on the balance sheet, can afford to accommodate capital investments. Let's say something in excess of $18 billion which was the old plan. And so we want to make sure we get the math right and also get visibility on some of the regulatory proceedings that I covered. So that's really the gating item and what we'll effectively cover with the new capital plan.
Rejji P. Hayes: Greg, this is... So, you mean in terms of whether it would be in the utility or just performance, I want to be clear...
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, I'd say in general EnerBank continues to perform well. And so we assumed in our guidance for 2018 about $0.15 of contribution from EnerBank. We think they are in that zip code. I will admit that the competitive environment has intensified a bit in that sector. And so we are feeling a little bit of pressure associated with that. But if you look at the quality of their portfolio in terms of average FICO scores, the annual growth and then our expectations going forward we still think the business will continue to perform as it has in a variety of different cycles and so EnerBank continues to trend along nicely and we haven't seen much erosion in terms of the portfolio FICO scores or any of that stuff you see when competition intensifies.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So a couple of things I'd say. So we're obviously at this point of the year we're well ahead of plan. I'd say we're over $0.20 ahead of plan and so we have been busy putting a lot of dollars to work as we have, really starting in Q2 once we had a very nice winter for the gas business earlier in the year and then a very early start to the summer. And so with that upside, we've put quite a bit to work and so that $0.24 that you see on the right-hand side of slide 9, it represents spend that we put to work in some regard and then spend to come and so we expect by the fourth quarter you'll see a pretty significant expansion of operations and maintenance spend attributable to those pull-aheads and so that offers a couple of benefits. So one, obviously it reduced potential costs in 2019. That's the definition of pull-ahead. You're spending money now that you won't have to spend next year, so there's risk mitigation in that. But also if you think about the bridge, that allows us to grow another, let's say, $0.16 or thereabouts. When you think about our guidance in 2018 versus our guidance in 2019, those are now all sort of discretionary, I'll say items that we're pulling ahead this year that we may not have to go and do next year. And so when you think about the path to delivering another year of 6% to 8%, you're going to lose the benefit of $0.20 of good weather that we had in 2018 and we plan for normal weather, but that will be offset by rate relief net of investments which should give us about $0.10 to $0.14 of upside based on our expectations. You'll get about as mentioned about $0.01 from enterprise, about another $0.01 from EnerBank for growth and then you're going to have about $0.24 of discretionary activities you took on in 2018 that you don't need to take on in 2019 and so all of that should bridge us very nicely to a very good glide path of 6% to 8% growth.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, there's quite a bit and it's a bit of a catch-all, but I will say that $0.24, about half of that is usage, so call it $0.13 and that's because we have seen at least a little bit of softening in our non-weather sales performance. But it's interesting. I think the data that we highlighted are – effectively the last page of our supporting financial document is a touch misleading because it's weather-normalized, which is an imperfect science. And so just to go through the numbers, when it comes to non-weather sales we're about 0.5% down year-to-date, but remember not only is that math weather-normalized but it's also shown net of energy efficiency. And so if you think about the programs we have in place for energy efficiency, we're compensated to reduce customer usage about 1.5% from the prior year. And so if you gross up that 0.5% for the effects of energy efficiency, we're actually up about 1% percent. And then within the customer classes we actually see pretty favorable mix which has been the trend we've seen over the course of the first three quarters. So residential is up about 0.5%, again weather-normalized net of energy efficiency. And so when you gross that up, we're actually up about 2% year-to-date, and that's higher margin of course of our customer classes. Commercial is flat year-to-date and so if you gross that up, again we're up about 1.5%. And then admittedly the laggard has been industrial which is our lowest margin portion of customers and that's down over 2%, but grossing that up it's down about 0.5%. So I'd say industrial is the one place where we've underperformed and that's what you're seeing, and some of that customer usage, that's flowing through that $0.24. But even within that I think the key question you ask on the industrial side is, are underlying economic conditions in our service territory softening, and the quick answer to that is we don't believe so. We continue to see good economic factors in the Grand Rapids area which is in the heart of our service territory and I always look at the cycle billed sales particularly in our most energy intensive segments within again our electric service territory. So food manufacturing is up year-to-date about 9%, so that's trending quite well. Transportation equipment is up approximately 6% and then fabricated metal products is up over 4%. And so again some of our most energy intensive sectors within our service territory continuing to trend quite well and so I still think the economic conditions are quite good and so even though we've been a little disappointed in non-weather sales I think there's a nice comeback story and so we continue to do well and we expect the future will look quite bright as well. The other thing that's in that $0.24 and then I'll pause and breathe is that we have the absence of a tax benefit that we realized in Q3 of last year. That was about $0.07 and so that is obviously no longer flowing through and that's what's impacting the comp. So if you take the absence of the tax benefit coupled with non-weather sales, those two really represent the vast majority of that $0.24.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, so we're still finalizing the case but we do think obviously on a base rate perspective before you take into account the commodity costs you are going to see an increase in base rates. We're still working through that math. But when you do take the commodity costs into account we do think that you'll probably see a customer bill impact that may be a little higher than inflation case relative – for this case relative to the last case. But at the end of the day the impact on customers' bills particularly the residential level is about $2 per month or something of that zip code. So at the end of the day, not material increases for customers. And when you think about the benefits of those capital investments, as Patti highlighted we prioritize safety and reliability and so we do think it's certainly worth the cost to make sure that we're being very proactive in our pipeline maintenance as well as our vintage service programs and enhanced infrastructure replacement program. So we think the cost is certainly worth – first, we don't think the cost is a great deal, but we think the benefits certainly exceed the cost.
Rejji P. Hayes: Julien, we'll see. I mean, obviously we expect to get a decision, we're going to get a decision within 10 months. So that will be in the April timeframe and then we get an opportunity to react to that and so we should get a resolution on the IRP in June of next year, but we'll also get some visibility prior to that. And so I don't want to sit and represent that we'll provide guidance on a new capital plan in Q3, maybe sooner than that and then we'll also have to see how things are progressing with our pending cases. And so I think it's a variety of things we'll have to see on the regulatory front that will dictate the timing. I would like to think it's Q3 at the latest, but it may be sooner than that. So we'll see.
Rejji P. Hayes: And the only other thing I'd mention, Praful, is remember when we file our rate cases we do take into account sales forecasts and because of the nature or pace at which we file, which is really on a serial or annual basis, we do reflect our latest sales forecast. And so you just have that natural true-up or correcting mechanism every time we file rates and get rate orders.
Rejji P. Hayes: So we have been having, in fact I think we have another iteration today and so we've had very productive settlement discussions to date. And when we think about the numbers where we are right now, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're at $44 million of deficiency. That presupposes a 10.75% ROE, the staff's at almost a $100 million difference at $44 million sufficiency. And so when you think about that delta of $100 million, it seems like you could drive a truck through it. But if you normalize for ROE and just go to the current ROE and I'm not conceding that 10.75% is not what we think the ROE should be, but let's just say you hypothetically do that math, you close the gap about $60 million. And then if you take capital structure into account, we're at 52.5%, I think the staff is just under 52% and kind of normalize that to where it is currently across gas and electric, that gives you another almost $10 million. And so you normalize for current ROEs and current capital structures, you close the gap pretty materially and so because of that, we are cautiously optimistic that there could -- that we could settle but as Patti highlighted in the context of the IRP, any of the electric-related proceedings are quite complicated, there are a lot of moving pieces and there are a lot of interveners and so we are cautiously optimistic but much too early to spike the football at this point so we'll see where we go.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So I think the absolute amount of capital investments we have whether it's 5 or 10 years, I think that we'll certainly on a five-year basis remain consistent and so right now we're kind of just over $10 billion across the next 5 years. What will change as a result of regulatory outcomes is potentially the composition of that quantum of capital that we plan to invest over the timeframe and so for example if we see – I don't foresee this, but let's say we get a gas outcome that we view as suboptimal, well then that may increase our emphasis on some of our renewable investments or potential electric distribution investments and vice versa. And so it really is a function of how we're trending on the various regulatory fronts which could change the composition of the capital investment program but not so much the quantum. And then as I think longer term, then obviously the quantum could expand as I highlighted earlier and so we think we'll certainly be above the $18 billion, 10-year plan that we proposed in our September of 2017 investor conference and so that number will come up, will go up, but again it's a function of how we trend in the longer-term items such as trackers, the IRP and so on.
