Patricia K. Poppe: Thanks, Rejji. To summarize, our investment thesis is driven by a large and aging system in need of capital investments, a growing and diverse territory, the constructive regulatory statute, a unique self-funding model that's enhanced by the CE Way and tax reform and a healthy balance sheet to fund our planned cost effectively. We are confident in our ability to deliver consistent industry-leading growth and superior total shareholder return over the long-term. With that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. Great questions, Andrew. Thank you. We do expect energy efficiency to continue to grow. We are at about 1.5% annually, we're going to 2% and we clearly identify that in the IRP. It is a key part of understanding our clean and lean strategy, reducing that energy waste is an important opportunity when we are at the same time reducing the structural costs associated with serving that load. And another important -- there's two important points about our energy efficiency program. First of all, the incentive which in the 2016 energy law was increased to 20% of cost to achieve. So currently, we're running at about $34 million incentive and that'll grow to the $45 million zone in – by 2022. But we also have with annual rate filings then we true up our sales annually. So that gets captured as we go forward. On demand response, we've filed recently for a demand response incentive mechanism similar to our energy efficiency. We expect it will be in about the $20 million range by the 2022 timeframe as well, that is just – we don't have the final determination about that. But in the energy law of 2016, it was also directed that there should be an incentive mechanism for demand response, because all of this is about shaving that peak. Our system is overbuilt for the purposes of serving a peak and so through energy efficiency and demand response, we can shave the peak and that's really a very important aspect of our clean and lean strategy.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, all of the above. It's always about the triple bottom line. And when we say people, plan and profit, people are our customers. And so, when a great customer like General Motors has an opportunity that we can serve elsewhere, we do it when it's opportunistic, we don't have a pipeline of projects, we're not trying to be aggressive in this part of the business, but when opportunities emerge whether it's with a customer like General Motors or perhaps a municipality like Lansing Board of Water & Light where we just did a solar project. The fact is we're good at this stuff. We have a core competence in building and operating renewable assets, and so when we can deploy that in a customer-centric way and grow earnings, we're not going to do it. We definitely want to grow earnings and have utility like returns with those projects and so it is the triple bottom line in action.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. We are getting a lot of feedback and it's all extremely positive, Jonathan, as you can imagine. I think surprise might be a word that people would use to say, wow, the utility is actually doing what they've been talking about and they've really put the pen to paper to model out how this really clean and lean future could be possible. And so, I will also say that we did a lot of work prior to filing the IRP with stakeholder engagement with the staff, with the commissioners, with the community groups, environmental groups, our big business customers, et cetera. And so I think all of that hard work that the team did to enroll others has made this so far so good. It is a contested proceeding, so we will, over the next several months, get documented feedback from people who might want to intervene. I would suggest that the biggest challenge in the IRP is getting the pricing right for these new renewables, which is why in the context of the IRP we included competitive bidding and the potential to earn on PPAs where someone else has a better price to deliver the new renewables. That's an important aspect, and we made it really clear that this is a packaged deal. And there's not an opportunity to sort of cherry-pick pieces like, yes, do all the wind, and do all the solar, but don't do competitive bidding. That's not acceptable. We want to make sure that the price is right, and the model was built around having competitive prices. So we're pretty excited about it. I think we are definitely taking a position to put our walk where our talk is, and so far so good.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. We talk long and hard about that and considered it in the model and decided that DIG actually has more value outside of the utility than inside the utility, particularly the price that we would have to bring it into the utility to get an affiliate transaction approved. And so, we felt like having it outside the utility has more growth potential. And as more base load power plants close, there's going to be more demand in MISO for power. And so DIG has a good opportunity to continue to serve the market well and be accretive in the long run.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. We included some battery but that's the neat thing about this IRP. We have assumptions and we used what we considered conservative assumptions with a 35% reduction in battery cost and in most of the scenarios. There was another scenario where the costs didn't come down as much, but it turned out that renewables still panned pretty favorably even without a lot of storage. So I expect in future filings that the storage component will increase because we expect technology to evolve. We are very bullish that technology can change and – but we wanted to conservatively plan about the changes in the IRP itself. So we have some storage in it, particularly in the outer years, but I wouldn't be surprised in future filings if that number would grow and therefore reduce some of the renewable generation because as we can make these renewable assets more dispatchable, obviously, that's better. And I am a believer that even with the four-hour battery, with the nature of our peak in Michigan that could serve as a great complement to existing renewable assets. And I'll just remind you. We have a lot of experience with storage with the Ludington Pumped Storage Plant. That is a great big battery and we dispatch it every day, so we're very familiar with how it complements to our existing renewables today and how to maximize the value of that storage, we're excited about the technology breakthroughs. The automakers are telling us that their batteries aren't going to be available for reuse for some time because they're not failing as fast as they expect. And some people are predicting that these EVs are going to have 500,000 mile lifespan which makes the batteries not available as soon as we'd like but certainly our relationship with GM puts us in a good position as they become available, we can get creative with grid and applications and seeing where we could deploy modular storage.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, we didn't add gas peakers in our IRP, so about 300 megawatts of solar in the outer years of the IRP, or 300 megawatts of battery storage rather in the outer years of the IRP.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yes. So we assume 35% cost reduction in solar throughout the life of the IRP. But I will tell you from the point that we started modeling and trust me we did hundreds of different scenarios and sensitivities. It might not have been in the capacity of like bitcoin mining and energy use, but if you might come close, we are modelers, we're running like crazy. But all the models that they ran in total had about a 35% price reduction for solar and for storage. Your prediction and my prediction are yet to materialize. There's a lot of discussion about that, but I will say from the point we started modeling to the point we filed our IRP, a lot of that 35% reduction in solar in particular actually had materialized and is showing up in some unsolicited bids for solar. And so we've recently done an RFP that we'll be reviewing and building in those cost savings to future filings, which is why it's so important that this IRP gets re-filed on a regular basis to make sure that all the assumptions are correct. But I would say if the prices drop more, it would leave room to execute the plan at a more cost effective method and allow us to do that gas distribution work and electric distribution work that is so important and we have such a backlog to do. Not everyone will love the clean and lean, not every utility could really subscribe to the clean and lean approach that we have, but the demands for capital in our gas system and our electric distribution system enable us to be extremely cost effective in all – in fact demand that we are cost effective in all aspects of the business.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. This issue -- first of all, let's just be clear, it has no impact on earnings or guidance or there's no effect of that court order though we vehemently disagree with the court order. When the law was passed, and trust me, I was at the table. The intent was very clear that this local clearing requirement be a component, because it's -- Michigan has unique characteristics and that we're a peninsula and there's limited transmission import capacity. Therefore, what the local clearing requirement was designed to do was to establish that if anybody was selling power in Michigan, it had to be some portion of it needed to be in the Peninsula. And so given that, the fact that it was ordered that the commission doesn't have the authority, we completely disagree with. So we will be taking it most likely to the Supreme Court here in Michigan, there are others who are joining us including the commission. We fully support that the way that they indicated their authority -- or exercise their authority was absolutely legal and authorized by the statute.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah. The purpose for running all those scenarios and sensitivities is to choose and our preferred plan is the most resilient to changing conditions, whether it'd be gas prices or maybe the technology does not evolve as fast or maybe load doesn't materialize. An important part of our clean and lean strategy here is, as we add modular resources we can more quickly build out supply to match demand as we know it's materializing. It is so much more dynamic, flexible and adaptable which is the secret, frankly, to our financial success. Our whole business model hinges on our ability to be adaptable and be flexible under changing conditions no matter what they are. And so this IRP is reflective of our tradition of no big bet being able to have a plan that's both cost effective for customers but flexible if conditions change and so we really think the preferred plan is definitely the most resilient over a variety of changing -- potential changing factors. And then we get to re-file at a -- we're required to file every five years and if something material changed earlier than that, then we could file sooner.
Patricia K. Poppe: So, a big part of when we will do solar is when we need the additional capacity on the system and we don't show in the near-term requiring new large capital investments around new solar to be added to the system. So the model definitely shows it in the outer years and we factored in the ITC ramp-down. And so the extension of it will affect the modeling in some of those years. We do have an RFP out for some small amount of solar in the near-term but the big bulk of it really comes in the outer years and again tax treatment is one of the sensitivities and we assumed the current tax treatment and solar still tend because keep in mind, Julien, in Michigan, our peak is in the summer and MISO gives a 53% capacity factor to solar on peak. And so it has a higher capacity factor than wind because it is available when we need it which is on those hot summer days in Michigan. So, it lines up very nicely and when combined with demand response, that is a very good combination and mix for us.
Patricia K. Poppe: Correct. And so we put that in the no big bets category. The modular plan can match supply and demand more quickly and then we can have faster turnaround when we add new supply.
Patricia K. Poppe: Great questions, Angie. First of all, earning on the PPA is a part of our competitive pricing expectations associated with adding new renewables. So obviously, we are biased toward owning the assets and that would be our preference. We've learned over time that long-term PPAs no matter how competitive they are when you sign them are inflexible over time and can lock our customers into paying more than they should. And so when we own the assets, we have more flexibility about how and how long they are operated. And so it definitely is a preference. However, we're also very committed to competitive pricing for customers. And so in the event that somebody with – if we do a solicitation for new solar and new solar bids come that are competitive, that are supplied by someone else, well then, we would want to make sure that our balance sheet and our investors are rewarded for being able to back up their financing for those new assets. So, there's no doubt that they would be leveraging our balance sheet and we think that investors should be rewarded for that. So, we have a commitment or we have a proposal that would allow for that. There will be lots of discussion. And as I mentioned, the IRP is a contested proceeding and so I think that that definitely will be a point of discussion with interveners and with the commission and how that shakes out. In terms of the role that base load gas plays, I will say we at CMS are uniquely positioned because we do have two utility base load plants or gas plants, Zeeland and Jackson as well as our Ludington Pumped Storage. When you ask about – so they provide a nice base load combination to our renewables and incremental renewables. When we talk about then DIG, you bet, DIG plays a role in the future to provide that base load continuity and dispatchability that's a benefit to Michigan to their potential customers as well as to MISO. So, they definitely -- like I mentioned earlier, we see more value for DIG outside the utility than in at this stage for that reason.
Patricia K. Poppe: No. No, because if the asset was owned by someone else, you're not earning the return on twice. What's happening is, the only way that that developer can get financing for a large capital investment like that is to have quality off-taker like us and to be able to leverage our balance sheet with credit capability to show that they can then have a quality off-taker. So it's just giving recognition to the fact that we are the backstop and therefore, our investors should be recognized for that.
Patricia K. Poppe: We're not seeing it yet, but I'm sure we will. It's impossible that all the prices of commodities are going up. We're longer term purchasers. We're not buying on a daily basis like the automakers are. And so, when we sign fixed contracts for supplies for construction projects, we're more forward. And so, again, this modular build-out of renewables actually protects us from some of that too because we can build in time and adapt the plan if prices change and they become more expensive, we can adapt to different plan. So, I would say that we definitely don't have the same kind of exposures that the autos have.
Patricia K. Poppe: So, the reason why we were fighting to get that corrected is because currently AES has leveraged excess capacity on the market and pass along to their customers -- to our retail open access customers basically for free and that's a cost shift to all utility customers. So, without correcting this, local clearing requirement of new generation sources, then our customers continued to pick up the tab for alternative energy suppliers customers, the retail open access customers. And so, it's all about price competitiveness. And we've gone through the math on this because we think it's wrong and we think there's two issues. One, we have to have visibility where the power is going to be supplied and because of the constraints of the Peninsula. It really does need to be -- some portion of it really does need to be located in Michigan. And in the absence of having a local clearing requirements and alternative energy supplier, then we have to build it and our customers have to pay for it even though it's benefiting retail open access customers, it's a big cost shift, it's complicated, it's not transparent and I can see how the appellate court was confused about it because it is complicated and that's why we spent so much time on the legislation, and that's why the commission plays such an important role sifting through complex issues like this. That's why we supported our commission and we think that they're absolutely in the right place on this issue.
Patricia K. Poppe: Well, yes, because if a local clearing requirement was instituted, DIG would be more valuable because it is in Michigan. But that really is not factored into our plans. We definitely didn't build the LCR into DIG's forward-looking earnings. What we really are talking about here is price competitiveness and standing for our utility customers.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, I do, Paul. Paul, it's a good question. Indifferent is not the right word. We're not indifferent. We would definitely prefer to own the asset. There's no doubt about that. However, we also recognize that we want price competitiveness in Michigan, and so if a PPA with our earning on it is more competitive for customers, then that would be an alternative we would entertain on behalf of customers and we have so much CapEx required in the rest of the business that it actually frees up capital to be deployed to other critical assets. So that's really how we think about. We've just had all this experience with PPAs and we talk about them all the time that when we signed the PPAs, they were great prices. 20 years later, it feels like golly, why do we have these PPAs. We'd like to be -- we'd like to have more flexibility. And so we've just learned over time that a PPA sound good on paper, you can make the numbers pen, but then in reality conditions change and you'd like to have the kind of flexibility that can better serve customers.
Patricia K. Poppe: Excellent. Thanks, Rocco. Thank you everyone for joining us this morning and we really look forward to seeing you at our upcoming events.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So the current contract is around $55 to $60 per megawatt hour. And we have estimated that upon repricing and extending five years that there would be at a minimum about $55 million in reductions of fixed costs now. The equivalent dollar per megawatt hour I don't have those specifics, but we think about $55 million of fixed cost savings which make the contract certainly much more on market today versus where it is today rather.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. That will be part of that calculation C-filing that we'll provide in October. And there we do have actually a pretty decent amount of both unprotected liabilities and assets that we'll have to think through, and there isn't the same level of clarity that you have run the protected class where it effectively follows the principles of normalization. There is a lot more ambiguity in the code as to how you treat the unprotected classes.
Rejji P. Hayes: We'll find out around where we end up, I'd say, on a case by case basis. In our recent electric case in March, we were at 52.5% and in the gas case, it's currently pending. I think we're ending up around there, call it, 52.5% equity relative to debt based on the staff position and the ALJ's position. So, we'll see where we're at on a case by case basis, but so far trending good as I see it, trending well I would say.
Rejji P. Hayes: Ali, I would just start by saying, as you know, we really do our detailed modeling on a five-year basis. And so, as you know, on the heels of tax reform when we provided our five-year plan that was revised to take tax reform into account we increased it from $9 billion to $10 billion. And we believe that we have – with that sort of capital investment program we can comfortably keep rates on a total basis when you include the commodity costs at or below inflation. So we feel good about that on a five-year basis. We have not yet provided a new 10-year plan, but we have noted in the IRP it does create $3 billion of incremental supply opportunities. And so it's too premature at this point to tell whether you take the $3 billion plus our prior plan of $18 billion and that we can comfortably afford. And so there's more modeling to come on that. But I would say at this point, we are certainly going to stick to our principles as we think about the next five-year tranche and we're going to try to make sure that we can afford to spend that as well as a CapEx on an annual basis and make sure that we don't again compromise our principles around customer affordability or balance sheet strength, I might add.
Rejji P. Hayes: We will certainly make sure that we can absorb it if we're going to offer up a plan that includes that for sure.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So, refinancing opportunities are not baked into the plan, or at least I'll say premature refinancing opportunities are not baked in the plan. And whether as it pertains to EPS accretion and upside, that's all a function of obviously the cost of debt that you get for the new money and so it remains to be seen the levels of accretion that we'll potentially get. We did get about a $0.01 or $0.02 of upside on the remaining tranche of our 8.75% notes that we took out which we'll realize next year but we still have, I think, at least one or two six handles at the parent coming due. I'd say the next big tranche is in Q1 of 2020 from a maturity perspective. So we'll keep an eye on it. But I think it's too premature at this point to talk about accretion, dilution and we haven't thought about what the cost of debt will be that we'll take it out and also what the tenure will be. So there are a lot of variables that go into that math, as you know.
Rejji P. Hayes: It's certainly an opportunity and so we always think about sources or levers that we can pull either up or down to make sure that we can continue to prolong this path of 6% to 8% growth over the long-term.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. When we say conservative, like I said, ultimately, we'd like to see at the current levels of about 52.5% equity relative to debt. We'd like to think given the implications of tax reform, given the realities of that aided being paid out over time and having that natural equity thickness accretion. We'd like to stay where we are today, but we'll model with some assumption that things may change over time. And so when I say conservative, it means that we're not going to take too bullish a position on where the commission may end up here.
