Rejji Hayes: Yes, James, good question. So, we did take that into account. And so I will point you to Slide 11, where we show the downside range embedded in our full-year forecast in the lower left hand corner of the page. And so you can see we are taking into account a potential second dip and a stress scenario and so that shows commercial backing up to around 12% on full-year basis, which obviously means that the latter two quarters will be quite bad. And then you can see industrial at 18%, again on the low end. And that excludes one large low margin customer, which would even make that number a little lower. And so we are taking that into account. And I will also point you to the next slide, Slide 12, we estimate what that margin impact will be at $0.07 of EPS dilution. We are also mindful of the potential emerging costs that may come around if there is a second dip. And so we are taking into account quarantine related expenses, potential sequestration related costs and we think that that is probably another $0.02. And so all in we think there is about $0.09 of EPS related delusion in the event, there is a double death. And so when we look at July sales based on our smart meter data coupled with our cost savings that we feel very good about achieving over the second half of the year, we feel like we have sufficient cushion to stomach that downside case. Now obviously, it is a pandemic and so you this is unprecedented, but we feel good about the road ahead just based on our current calibrations.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Julian, the only thing I would add to Patti's good comments. Patti mentioned in her prepared remarks that there was a slug of tax equity. And that was not an insufficient slug. And so, if you look just on the surface and see 525 megawatts and then apply what you think is the standard cost per kilowatt, you can think the investment is quite sizable, but again, there is a pretty material slog of tax equity. And we are also a joint owner of the common equity for lack of a better characterization. And so, this really is not all that significant and investment from our perspective. In fact, it is quite comparable to the size investment we did for Northwest Ohio a year and a half ago. And so, we are being as Patti noted, opportunistic. We are trying to hit singles and doubles here. We are not swinging into fences. And so, we will approach this as the type of business where again it can be I think here where it is complimentary or supplement our portfolio, but again, we are not triples in homerun here.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So, Andrew, I will take the last part of your question first. I mean, at the end of the day we do not intend to have a bunch of lazy capital sitting on our balance sheet. And so we fully expect the $3 billion to come down quite a bit by the end of the year. But again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks we are biasing towards liquidity management because the viruses and get contained. And so in the event, there is increased or continued volatility in the capital market, we want to just make sure we have sufficient liquidity. Now, as you think about the components on page 15. You can see from a first mortgage bond perspective at the OPCO, we are well in excess of what we hadn't planned at $1.2 billion But I will just note that there are a couple of maturities that we are dressing that will make those numbers look a bit more normalized. And so we have a term loan that you can see that we have yet to repay again, in the interest of just erring on the side of extra liquidity, particularly given the relatively low cost. And so that is a $300 million term loan. We also pulled forward a maturity at the OPCO in 2022 that had a five handle and so a very nice bit a positive carry in that trade. And so you take the two of those together that year-to-date, first mortgage bond issue to-date looks much more normalized relative to what we have in plan. And again, thinking about that same logic at the HoldCo. We did the hybrid, which is a lot higher than what we anticipated. But that is again, we have some flexibility in prepaying a term loan before it comes due or as it comes due. So I wouldn't overreact. We have just been opportunistic and really, again, erring on the side of liquidity. But again by the end of the year, I would be surprised if we were at that level of excess liquidity again by year in particular given the capital needs we have at the utility.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, so the quick answer is we feel quite good about the contingency that we have expect to have accumulate over the - particularly when you take July weather. So, you have effectively some excess contingency based on the numbers we are seeing. What I will note that just for full clarity is that cost savings as you can see - there is a lot more than just the items we have enumerated in that table. And so it is a hodgepodge of things. But we just highlighted here what we think is most noteworthy. And again we have taken into account in this math in the table, a stress scenario which obviously is in our base case, what we are seeing even in the event that we start to see margin erosion for commercial industrial like we on Page 11 - we still think that couples with cost that both could come again, if you have a second wave, we feel like we have generated and will generate enough cost savings, as well as with the July weather where we have sufficient contingency. But, Patti, if you would like to add to that, by all means,
Rejji Hayes: Yes, so I can tell you the [Indiscernible] and thanks for the question. So as Patti noted, I think we evaluate all these projects, when we are looking at capital allocation across the company. Because it is quite competitive internally. We make sure that the returns are comparable to those of the utility if not better. And so we feel quite good about the economic profile of this project. And again, as Patti noted, we also want to make sure that we are not ascribing a lot of terminal value to these types of projects. And that there is very good credit worthy uptick. And we feel like this project checks those boxes. Now, we do not conflate utility capital investments with these types of projects in the $2.25 billion that we highlighted in our Q4 2019 call. We are still on-track to deliver that. And this is again opportunistic, it is not changing our financing plan, as Patti noted. And so, we feel like this is a nice opportunity to take advantage of. It is not a triple or a homerun, it is a single or double and this aligns with how we would like to evaluate and take on projects like this going forward.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, it is more to form. I mean, we have always had a good balance of NOLs and credits. But we do see a little bit of accretion in that balance because of some of the renewables we expect. So that is larger, but that is Michael.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, where we sit at this point, we don't expect to be really a meaningful federal taxpayer until around 2024. And so our sense is that tax equity will likely be this financing vehicle for some time.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, I will say it is attractive. as you know obviously, it is not as cheap as a debt - plain or common debt financing. But also, it is not as expensive as traditional common equity. And so it is in between and we think the rates that we have negotiated for this particular transaction are quite competitive.
Rejji Hayes: No. like I said this a pretty meaningful slug of tax equity that is been in this project and for other projects that we evaluate from time-to-time. We haven't seen any contraction in the market for tax equity, but we will see. I mean, obviously, if there is another bit of volatility in the market, because there is a double dip or twin peak, whatever you want to call it, now market may back up for now, it is been quite accommodative.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, I wouldn't say it is that, I wouldn't say our financial planning is that prescriptive. Again, we intend to be opportunistic on these types of projects. And so we are assuming I think, a modest level of additional project flow and that is where you see again a modest bit of credit accretion. So again, we are not swinging for the fences here and assuming that there is going to be material increase in our NOLs or our credit specifically because of projects like this.
Rejji Hayes: Sure. I think the quick answer is the bank is on-track. And so we have got it to $0.18 to $0.20 for the full-year and they are on course to deliver that. Now, you will see for the quarter, and for the period-over-period comp, they were behind by about a penny that was per plan, because they started the year quite well. And obviously we have implemented the new accounting standard current expected credit losses and so that has a material impact on the provision for loan losses. And so when you comp it to 2019 you may see in the third quarter a little bit of leakage quarter-over-quarter. But we are fully on-track we have continued to see very good origination volume across most of the projects that we provide financing for and I think June was a historical month of loan approvals and loan originations. And so we are trending on plan and really haven't seen much backup, but for I would say April to for a little period of time.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, so just to be clear, Travis, so in the first half of the year, that $0.19, remember that is a comp relative to 2019. And so you have a few things flowing through that from non-operating savings, you can see some flex and work optimization. The $0.10 that you see on the right hand side that aligns with the 65 million that Patti noted or released a good portion of it that we have identified and realize to-date, and so that is what you see in the year to go is really the vast majority of the 65 million of operating cost savings that we have delivered through the CE Way. So, the lean operating system, supply chain, a little bit of work mix that was favorable as we take own resources over to capital projects, particularly during the shoulder months, and we were quite effective at that. And so that $0.10 is largely the 65 million again that Patti noted in her prepared remarks.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Jonathan that is embedded in $0.19 year-to-date savings. But part of the $65 million will carry through and be realized as the year progresses. So there really is sort of apples and oranges. But let me be clear about a couple things. $55 million is definitely not the finish line. And again, as you have noted, it doesn't reflect all of the year-over-year savings year-to-date. The team's identified $65 million in operational cost reductions so far this year. And so when we add in other year-over-year additional non-operational savings, that is again, what Rejji's point about $0.19 year-to-date. But again, that is not the full-year number. And it is a little bit apples and oranges. But one of the things to remind you is that, our best ever performance was $0.15 for a full-year. We talked about that in Q1. And so you can see why we are so proud of this team. And why I'm glad that we started preparing for this year four years ago when we launched the CE Ways. You can't make a friend when you need one. And it takes time. And so I'm grateful that we are launching a cost savings program this year. We are relying on our friends, the CE Ways, and she is delivering record levels this year right on time. So, I would be happy to give some additional color to that. But just like the story of the month, that literally is happening all over the company. And it is been four years in the making so proud of the team.
Patricia Poppe: Great question, Julian. I will start and then I will let Reggie add some more of additional details. The key criteria for us as we look at these opportunities. They are always opportunistic, given the market conditions, given the demands, we need to make sure that three things are true. Number one, that they are customer driven. We aren't doing one-off auctions to acquire assets. We are not way back in the development phases of projects. We are working with customers to have a repeatable business. And so for the example of Aviator wasn't an option. We knew the developer and these customers have a desire to grow their renewable energy and we are in a great position to further those needs. It is a key component of the planet part of our triple bottom line. Number two, they have to had utility like or better returns, our utility business has a lot of demands for capital, it is got a lot of opportunity for growth. So, a project like Aviator has to compete with other utility projects. Given that the bulk of our growth for the company is driven by the utility. These projects have to be really good for them to get a yes from us here. Number three, they need to not add risk to the consolidated business. So, this project, for example, has two high quality credit worthy off takers. You saw in the press release McDonald's and Facebook, the term of the PPAs are greater than 10-years. So, that is a good example of an opportunistic project that came to us, because we have got a reputation of being able to close the deal and operate it well. And when it meets that criteria, then we continue looking at it. And so when we think, though about the long-term growth of the company to your question about the role it plays in six to eight, the enterprises business plays about a 5% of our earnings now. We don't expect to have n-regulated growth beyond that 10% of our total Company portfolio. So, the bulk of our growth is utilities. That is our bread and butter. That is what we focus the bulk of our time on. But where enterprises can grow with the utility doing what we do well, which is operate renewable projects and we serve customers well, then it is a nice compliment to the - and a portion a - piece of that 6% to 8%.
Patricia Poppe: Well, I will just get to the latter half of your question, Andrew. We expect that we will be able to redeploy funds this year, for the benefit of customers, and we are always planning for next year. So, we just want to make sure that we always and we have great capability to deploy those funds as required and pull ahead expenses and so we have got ample time between now and year end to make those adjustments. And we have had some success with some regulatory treatment, near year end where we can push forward some programs and some benefits for customers into future years. And so we really think that there is a good opportunity for us to leverage any favorability that we would have this year to serve customers and investors.
Patricia Poppe: You know it is a creative option leveraging those deferred income taxes and so certainly would be open to considering it. We will keep looking at it. We have got good alignment with the staff on both our electric and our gas cases they are both in flight as we speak. And so we would look at it. But I will remind you that we don't object to annual filings for two reasons. Number one, it allows us to flex the Capital Planning, all of our rate cases are forward looking. And so as needs of the system change, as conditions emerge and because we don't have a big bet capital plan, we can modify our plan on manual basis to best reflect the greatest needs for customers. And so that is important to us. But I would also say that our rate cases are also opportunities to pass on cost savings to customers. And so when we think about the last seven years, for example, we have invested $15 billion of capital and our electric bills are down 5% and our gas bills are down 30%. I mean, that is the math that backs-up our business model that says, we can invest capital, particularly capital that saves customers money in the transition to cleaner energy and the reduction of these large PPAs that are coming forward. Skipping rate cases actually prevents us from passing along savings to customers. So we certainly are taking a look at the deferred income tax and perhaps delaying a case, but it isn't necessary for us to protect the affordability for our customers.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, that is great. That is right Travis. We definitely pull ahead those savings and when we can prepare for 2021. And so to get really specific $0.19 plus the $0.10 that is all opportunity. And so when you look at our Slide 6, which is what I sometimes refer to as the swish-swish slide, it is the roller coaster slide. We will, as the year materializes have options about how to deploy those savings, whether they are to the benefit of this year or to the benefit of 2021 and 2022. So we are definitely in forward planning right now for next year on how best to de-risk 2021 with the upside that we have identified through these cost savings.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Because we have forward looking ratemaking we always align our rates in our O&M. So, internally when our rate cases approved, then we align the spending to match it. And so when we have favorability or we have cost savings that are in addition to what is in a rate case in year, then in that current year we may have a short-term benefit of that. But that is why we will take those short-term benefits and reinvest them, for example, trim more trees or do more maintenance or pull ahead some expenses from next year. But we are always because of that forward-looking test year, we really are able to align our spending and our rate outcomes.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Rocco. Great to be with everyone today. Thanks so much for tuning in. And please be safe and be well. I hope you and your families are able to come together and be healthy during this very challenging time. We do look forward to seeing you face-to-face someday we can't wait and we miss you all. Thanks so much for tuning in.
