Garrick Rochow: Thank you Rejji. You hear us say it every year. We deliver. Our track record spans two decades of consistently delivering industry-leading results in all conditions for all stakeholders. This year be no different. With that, Harry, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: Great question, Jeremy. I feel good about the progress of our electric rate case. And just to give you a little flavor on where we're at with that. In rebuttal we came back at $169 million. And as I shared in my prepared remarks 10.25% ROE and 51.5% equity ratio. And that reflects just the differences in the business from when we built the case to where we're at now in the forward-looking test year. Staff is at $88 million. And so the gap is pretty small between our ask and where the staff is which again I see is very constructive. And so we're really at a constructive starting point in the conversation. And much of that delta is made up with -- it's just really the cost of capital ROE and equity ratio. That's a big piece of the difference. And there's a few other what I call cats and dogs, important cash is the dog nonetheless but things that we are helpful for our customers. And so that's the big difference. Now let's talk a little bit about settlement in the context of settlement. And I've certainly been in a number of these calls where I'm open to settlement and settlement presents itself that's great. And we're certainly receptive to that. But as you pointed out there is an important mechanism in there and there's undergrounding. Those are two key things that we need to see come out of this case. Investment recovery mechanism to have some certainty on our distribution, let distribution investments in this underground pilot. This is important to get started, and there's a real benefit for our customers. And so those are harder to get in settlement just to be fully transparent. Typically, they're a black box when you go through settlement. And so we're prepared to go to the full distance. And I'll just be honest with the entire call it's likely we're going to go the full distance and I have confidence that we can get a really constructive outcome going to a full order.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. Our non-utility growth continues to be small in the bigger scheme of things. Our primary business continues to be the utility space. So it's about a 95,5 [ph] mix. And as shared in the prepared remarks we expect them to be within guidance range. And so that's a good piece. It continues to be contracted renewables. And again Rejji uses these words singles and doubles. We're not swinging for the fences here. So just thoughtful contracted renewables. They have a utility-like return, long-term contracts assuming no terminal value again really conservative almost utility-like. And then there's the Dearborn Industrial Generation or DIG. And we continue to see upward pressure on energy and capacity prices. And so we're fully contracted out to 2025, with energy and capacity. And so we're filling in 2026 2027 in the out years. We plan conservatively, but those bilaterals and the contracts that we are inking are certainly better than expectations. Now don't read into that a sugar high. You've heard me say no sugar highs in the past. So you can anticipate 6% to 8% growth, on this again expectation toward the high side of that growth. And so we'll continue to reinvest as needed versus the sugar high. So hopefully, that's helpful as we see North Star
Garrick Rochow: I'm really excited about this plan. We've talked about -- we've seen the storms this year and certainly we have an opportunity to improve reliability, in the here and now and then prepare for the an aging system a system that's seen higher wins and more severe weather and preparing for the future. So, the team has really done a nice job of putting a good plan together. Now when I look at the five years, it's more than an incremental $1 billion. It's an incremental $3 billion, right? What's right in the plan right now is $4 billion, in our five-year plan. Now I want to be really careful and really clear about this. And so when we get to the Q4 call, we're going to grow our capital. You can expect we're going to grow our capital. You can expect with these needs on the distribution system that it's going to be biased or it's going to be more growth in the on the electric distribution system. So that $4 billion number should grow. That's what I would anticipate and expect. However, I wouldn't just do the simple math of taking 15.5 and adding $3 billion to it. And that would get you the wrong answer to the wrong number. It's important that we get commission support. And as we go through the steps, we'll get that in the rate case filing and we'll weave that in to that capital plan over time. But it should give you a picture of the strength of our five-year plan. It is robust. There's plenty of opportunities out there and that extends even beyond 10 years into a really nice long capital runway. Its helpful Julien.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. And similar to my previous answer here on this that Dearborn Industrial generation we take a very conservative utility-like approach. And as you know over time we've just stacked in contracts for energy and capacity bilateral contracts to make sure that we are avoiding risk and market volatility. But we certainly, see some upward pressure on both energy and capacity prices as you noted. And so much of the energy and capacity is already -- contracts are already in place through 2025. but we're filling in the gaps at 2026 2027 and out years. We plan conservatively and those contracts are I would say, exceeding our expectations or exceeding our plan, which is great. And so we'll continue to operate just as we have historically in a really conservative mode and a conservative plan, but you can see we're layering in the future right now and feel good about the opportunities for growth at DIG.
Garrick Rochow: So there's two pieces. And I wouldn't put a negative take on it. All the conversations we have with staff and commissioners continue to be constructive and frankly we're both aligned in the same thing. We want to improve reliability. We have a longer-term view of resiliency. And when we're aligned it makes for constructive conversations. But there's two pieces that I'm hearing in your question Shar. There's one there's the audit that's underway. That was started in September. Liberty Consulting Group is the one doing the work. They've participated with other utilities very skilled organization. Right now they're in the data collection phase that's well underway. We expect an interim report about the end of the year and then a full report likely in the September-ish time frame. It's not about a year report then. But I would just be fully transparent with you and honest I want reliability to improve in the state. I want resiliency and improvement in the state for our customers. And so if they have findings on how we can do work better, my gosh, I'm just going to agree to them. Like we should build that into the next electric grid case. We should do that because we want it better for our customers. And so it doesn't bother me at all. I think this is good that we have an outside party looking and looking at how we can improve. It's only going to add to our reliability road map. And the other thing is on this performance-based rates or PBR, the work group is underway. It was initiated in the first second quarter time frame April-ish time frame I believe. And so that conversation is underway, proposal was put out. We have put comments through that process. We're continuing to participate in work groups. At the end of the day I think you're going to have a nice balance of incentives disincentives from an electric reliability perspective. But the important piece for us is making sure there's a nice line of sight into capital and the capital recovery and there's certainty. That's why we're so focused on this investment recovery mechanism. We also think the same thing is required for storm and some of the O&M expense that occurs in the year. As long as we can navigate all that and get to that point I feel good I feel good. This will lead to good outcomes for our customers.
Garrick Rochow: Well, first of all, I appreciate your analysis. You did a nice write-up on that. It was about a week ago, two weeks ago. So some good work of what's going on in the industry. And so we're highly focused on the supply chain. I'll give it over here to Rejji a minute. He has responsibility for that area. They've done a lot of good work to be able to secure that line of sight. And so when I think about the projects we have underway, particularly those that are in mid-development. The team has done a much better job to make sure we have panels, transformers and the like so we can do that build. Now, there's longer lead times, most definitely. And so you've got to be prepared and you've got to be planned in that but the team has just done a phenomenal job. But Rejji, your team is doing great work, maybe add to it.
Garrick Rochow: I just got to know something. Just a Rejji's dexterity great CFO, and when you can talk about amorphous core, that's really awesome to see.
Garrick Rochow: So I'll start with the big picture and the Governor's first term, she came out with her healthy climate plan. And that was a nice plan, supportive of the plan very pragmatic and balances clean energy, reliability of supply and affordability. And the Governor came out in August and said -- now in her second term and came out and said, hey, I want to make a portion of this into law. And that's been in the Senate right now. It started out in committee. And so there are a number of bills that were put together on that as you imagine in Committee there's a discussion and we're actively engaged in that discussion. And so that's moved on now to the full Senate for consideration still has not made it to the House. And so there's important work going on to define what that looks like. But I'll just, again, stand back and look at the bigger picture of this, much like 2008, much like 2016, this legislative body as well as the Public Service Commission continues to provide a constructive approach to the future. And we see a constructive out of these bills, if they even move forward and if they even get agreement we see a path of constructive regulation going forward and a constructive policy going forward. And so -- but that's currently where it stands, Andrew.
Garrick Rochow: Yeah, it continues to be very positive. And so remember we're in what I'd call a tranche of 1,000 megawatts that is being contracted out. There's significant demand from our customers for those products. We're well over 400 megawatts of contracted lower that continues to grow. And then that's driving to more build from a renewable perspective. And so we've announced even within the quarter the intent to build a solar facility in the current -- coal facility that will help meet some of that -- a portion of that need. So again very robust continued strong interest from our commercial and industrial customers.
Garrick Rochow: Great question. I'm glad you're digging into it. That's a fun plan to look at. Right now -- and that's why I shared in some of my prepared remarks like we're not waiting. And the commission has been supportive of additional tree removal or vegetation management. That's more than doubled our spend over the last three years. So that's active work that's underway. There's close to 300 crews that are on our system contracted crews that are out doing that work today and have been over the course of the year. And we -- in those areas where we do the work we see greater than a 60% improvement well underway. In addition to that fusing, 15,000 fuses over the last two years and a plan to do more next year as well. That takes -- when there's an interruption on the system like fuse box in your home. And so rather than the whole home going out you might lose the bathroom or the kitchen. Same type of thing on the electric. We're fusing that. So when there's an interruption, less customers are impacted. We're seeing SADI performance improvement already from the deployment of those fuses. We've never done this level of fusing, never across our history. We continue to add automation. I just saw a great one the other day being able to -- one of the things on our high-voltage distribution system we've got what's called a Victor insulator. Now Victor insulators are prone to failure. That's a known problem. But once you put them on the grid back in the '70s we didn't have the best kind of control on where those went. And so to be able to identify them you got to be able to see the small little D on top of the Victor insulator. Before we got to stick a bucket truck up there to see that. That's very inefficient. Now with drones, with the ability to automatically pull from a picture to see that little D, we're able to find that find those victor insulators and be very strategic about replacing them. So I'm excited about the technology we're bringing to bear as well. And so those are just a few examples. There are hundreds of examples like we are not satisfied with our reliability performance. We are going to make it better. We've seen the improvement over 2022. We continue to be on good pace this year even with the storms. And so -- and we're going to keep the -- sorry with the analogy, we're keeping the foot down on the floor on the accelerator on this.
Garrick Rochow: It's going to be -- those will get woven into electric rate case filings. And so the plan by itself will get some comment, but that's not a contested filing. What will happen is those -- that will be the -- it's truly a road map. It's really a vision of where we're headed and the important pieces that have to come together for that. And so, those get brought into electric rate case filings and then with commission support they can be approved. I would just highlight one thing, one announcement we've had here in the last couple of weeks though Department of Energy grant of $100 million. That really jump starts some of this important work. And so, again to the previous question, we're not waiting around. We see some opportunities to put this to work immediately. But again the regulatory process is through the rate cases.
Garrick Rochow: Yes, you should expect an annual rate case type filing and I would just offer to in these particularly with the interest rates the way they are 10-month rate cases and forward-looking test years and the kind of the annual strategy really eliminates some of that drag that you get with higher interest rates. And so, there's a lot of benefits of that approach.
Garrick Rochow: It will still be a one-year approach. The IRM is not big enough at this point. It's a starting spot. And over time, we'd look to enhance that. The first step is to get it in place which is part of this current electric rate case.
Garrick Rochow: Well just a point of clarification what's introduced in the electric case is a pilot a pilot of 10 miles. And as I shared small but important so that the Public Service Commission has the opportunity to evaluate – now we do do undergrounding already. We do it in the context of subdivisions and the like and we have done a couple of trial runs. And what we've seen is very cost effective because of our gas business directional drilling underground is one of our specialties. We certainly have the equipment and the expertise to do that. And so we're able to be very competitive from an underground perspective. Now our plan stays out of congested area, stays out of 3-phase construction. And so we're talking single phase more royal construction where you have the right floor conditions and we do over much Michigan, which helps from a cost perspective. And so we've shared historically – historically more current I guess in the $350,000 a mile is we think very achievable.
Garrick Rochow: So I don't know if I have any auto analogies for this one. We talked about this in great detail and I provide probably a long answer maybe too long an answer on the Q2 call. So I'll try to be brief but this is just the next step in that. And so what I shared back again briefly what I shared in Q2 was recall that we had some 3G meters that were no longer supported. Our vendor could not meet some of the supply chain needs again considered a carryover from the pandemic and did not meet some of the read required reads out in the field. And so that creates some billing issues for our customers. That's a problem. And the Public Service Commission clearly identified that. And so we shared in our Q2 call that that issue is behind us. We filed a report in August and this is the next step to reach resolution. And so I don't it's an important step. It gets us to the final end of this with the commission. I don't see any spillover impact into the electric rate case or in any other filings.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Harry and I'd like to thank you for joining us today. We'll see you at EEI. Please take care and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: Shar this is Rejji. Yeah, so we're still in the relatively early stage of building out -- sorry Shar? Shar, this is Rejji if you can hear me. So we're in the early stages of rolling out our five-year plan. So we're still calibrating where -- what the financing needs will be. As I've said before, the estimate that we have in our current five-year plan, where we said up to $350 million a year of equity starting in 2025. I don't see that number materially changing. Now, as the CapEx plan increases again we always recalibrate you may see a slight shift upward but we -- we have to take a look at all of the puts and takes the capital investments the cash flow generation. And I think at the end of the day you're not going to see us with any sort of need to do block equity. I still think even without seeing the numbers we'll be able to double out the equity in those outer years. But again, still early days on those calculations.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Thanks, Garrick. And I appreciate the question Andrew. So Garrick is exactly right. We have really been attacking challenges in supply chain for the last 18 months or so. And what we've done to really make sure that we've got sufficient supply, not just on the solar side but really across the business is we've been very focused on diversifying our vendor sources. And so that has been a very concerted effort again over the last 12 to 18 months. We've also done what we would describe as value engineering and looking at other alternatives, particularly in the context of transformers that could be compatible with our electric grid. So we historically used a standard of grain-oriented steel. We're now using amorphous core and introducing that into our system. We've also been very successful in refurbishing damage transformers and using a variety of third parties to help us with that. And so all of those countermeasures, have really led to us getting to a sufficient level of supply across our most highly used transformers. Now, there's still issues in the supply chain across a variety of materials and we're spending a lot of time on hypercare. But for those highest velocity materials, we feel like we're in really good shape at this point. So I really appreciate the question.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Durgesh, this is Rejji. I appreciate the question. And I appreciate also the compliments. We are really proud of the work done for the first three quarters of the year offsetting the headwinds we've seen on the weather side both in terms of mild weather as well as the storm activity and the organization has really rallied around the cause. Obviously, when it comes to cost savings, we never discriminate when it comes to operational versus non-operational and we've been quite expansive in our approach. To get to the spirit of your question, I think it's difficult to quantify to what degree the savings will be sustainable. And I do think a decent portion will be because when you think about the separation plan that I mentioned we reduced our salaried workforce by roughly 10% and we do not assume that we will go and re-staff that over the next year or two or even next several years. And so, we'll see sustainable savings from that and that will be a significant portion. Some of the other bigger opportunities. So in Q2 the tender financing obviously that is a one-timer and so we wouldn't count on that being sustained. But there are other opportunities we've executed on. We've been really disciplined and rationalizing our contractor base and some of the consultants we're working with again, we'd like to think we can sustain that. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we accelerated some longer-term IT projects and we think we'll see productivity from those actions for some time now. So I'd say it's tough to really ascribe a specific percentage, but I'd say decent portion should be sustained going into next year and will provide some tailwinds when you think about not just our guidance next year but also affordability because we always look forward to passing on those savings on the customers. And the last thing I'll note is on the financing side, we've seen quite a few efficiencies with the convert where we pulled ahead some costs that we were going to have or some financing needs we had in 2024. That's going to have a sustained level of savings and the operating company financings we've done those in a really efficient fashion at a weighted average coupon of 4.8% below plan. And so we'll see sustained savings from that. So I'd say on the operational and non-operational side you've got some one-timers and then some of that will be sustained but I can't give you a specific percentage at this point.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Sophie, it's Rejji. I appreciate the question. Let me just start by saying we're certainly making the case and have made the case really for the last few years around the need to have higher ROEs just given the changing cost of capital environment. I think treasuries probably a couple of hundred basis points higher than where they were when we first had 9.9% established as the prevailing ROE across our electric and gas businesses and DTs and parity as well. And so we're certainly making the case. And I think the case becomes stronger and stronger every day as we see continued hawkish monetary policy. So I think if – to give you any confidence I think it's – we feel very good about the fact that there's a good floor at the 9.9% prevailing ROE but we're going to continue to make the case that it should be higher. As Garrick noted, we're seeking 10.25% in our pending electric case. And again, I think the data support that point of view. And we try to make the case in addition to all the different ways in which you can calculate the cost of equity. The fact is that we compete for capital against other utilities and other jurisdictions. And given the quantum of capital that we have not just in our current 5-year plan but in what we anticipate being our next and subsequent 5-year plans we do think we need to be as competitive as possible on all fronts because you can take your dollars elsewhere as investors. And so we've been making the case loudly and clearly I think DTE as well and hopefully we can start to see a change in the wind here with respect to ROEs.
