Patti Poppe: Yes, it actually will provide a lot of visibility to that, Julien. We're really excited about having the IRP available to us. It provides a framework and the certainly so as we make those long-term transitions, we are able to have alignment with our commissions and make good decisions together about balancing a variety of factors; fuel diversity, cost for customers, how we want to fulfill the RPS standards, how much energy efficiency and demand response we want, in fact, our IRP, looks like it's going to have 47 different model runs that we're undertaking right now, as we speak. And so it's a complex set of variables and we're excited about what the opportunities will be provided and the transparency and frankly regulatory certainty that will be a result of it.
Patti Poppe: Yes, I would say, the timing is over this 10 year time horizon that we're looking at, making these transitions. We have -- at 22% coal we're already one of the lowest in the country. We feel good about that. The fuel diversity of having our sites remaining is an important part of the mix. And so, we'll build that into the plan. And frankly, we look forward to the results of the model because they'll be informing to us about when the best time is to utilize those -- or to transition those plants. The reality is, we've done some environmental upgrades at those facilities, so they're best-in-class environmental controls currently. And so to rush any -- any additional retirements probably isn't necessary but they do have a natural end-of-life within that cycle. So we'll be thinking through that the -- through the IRP, and frankly, with all of our critical stakeholders, internal and outside the company.
Patti Poppe: And Julian, I'll add just a couple more, just to reinforce at there's plenty. We've got -- the CE Way is just taking shape and so we're finding operational savings across the board, around the organization. Our technology adoption, so going from our traditional phone calls to our digital channels is a fundamental cost savings and cost reduction, and so part of what you're hearing from Rejji and I here and for everyone on the phone is that we have the luxury of focus. Our business model is not complex. We don't have big bets, we're not betting on big outcomes. We've got a series of small, focused efforts that allow us to deliver consistently. And the consistency is what we know you've come to expect and we're pretty excited about the breadth and depth of opportunities that are in front of us.
Patti Poppe: I'll start and then as Rejji wants to add some additional comments. We have this -- the commission has requested a five-year distribution plan and we will -- we filed an initial version in August, we're receiving comments and having working sessions with the staff at the commission right now. We'll be submitting a final plan in January. And as through that plan -- and this is what I think is really a great part of what the commission is leading right now, these longer-term viewpoints of where the right investments in infrastructure exist. And so what will -- filling in our IRP in the spring of next year in conjunction with this T&D distribution, in particular, five-year modernization plan, we'll have a really good picture about where the investment opportunities are and have some real alignment with the commission and agreement about what those investments will be. And frankly, because of the age and the size and scope of our system, we have internal competition with trying to decide where best to put the dollars because there's so many parts of the distribution system and the supply system that require investment. And then when you layer in our gas, our large gas system, we've got -- our constraint is not ‘Do we have capital we can do?’ The constraint is customer's ability to pay, which is why we put so much emphasis on reducing the cost of that infrastructure in any way possible, so that we can provide more value for every dollar that we invest. And so that's where been working on. And so with the five-year distribution plan and the IRP combined, we'll be able to build out that five-year investment strategy in much more detail and with a lot more certainty.
Patti Poppe: Yes, we do. And again, it's only constrained by customers' ability to pay, so that in the 10-year time horizon, in particular, when we have these PPAs that do peel off and are at the end of their contractual life, that creates some real headroom to make additional investments without raising customers' prices beyond what they can afford. And so that definitely is a key ingredient in our 10-year plan.
Patti Poppe: Well, okay, so we do have some significant regulatory outcomes in 2018 planned. But as it relates to our guidance, our 6% to 8%, that's -- as I mentioned, we work every year under a variety of changing conditions, whether regulatory outcomes, politics et cetera, we always work to make sure that we can adapt to those changing conditions, and that's the strength of this business model. So I think, as you're thinking about our 2018 guidance, I would stay anchored in that point that our strength comes from our simple but powerful business model. It has strong CapEx underpinned by cost savings, ongoing throughout the year. And then a real core competence and adaptability. A lot of people do point to our business model and I love it and it's straightforward and I can see why we would. But one of the core strengths of this company, and Rejji highlighted it in his remarks, is the fact that no matter what comes we managed to work it out because we don't have big bets, because we're not waiting on one big regulatory outcome because we're not waiting on one big project to get approved, we can adapt to make those changes throughout the year and manage to deliver for all of you. And for 14 years in a row, delivering 7% EPS growth. We feel pretty good about our track record and what we're trying to share is that we have plenty of visibility and to being able to deliver it to again going forward.
Patti Poppe: I think, if anything, the IRP provides more certainty to the performance because we'll have more visibility into longer-term planning and be able to do more cost effective investments and cost effective generation, which is how our model works. The heart of our model is that our system is large and aging and we have significant infrastructure replacement upgrades enhancements required. And so any certainty we can have going forward allows us to most cost effectively do those upgrades and make the changes necessary. We have a large and aging system between the gas and electric. And so really we look forward to certainty that the IRP can provide so that we can do really even better planning than we've been able to do in the past.
Patti Poppe: Well, thanks everyone for joining us and we do look forward to seeing you at EEI, right around the corner.
Rejji Hayes: Julien, this is Rejji. The only thing I would add is, as you look at Slide 15 and that coal capacity from 21% to 15%, one of the underlying assumption is the conversion of the Filer City plant at enterprises. And so we're planning to convert that from coal to natural gas, so basically going from 60 megawatts of coal to about 225 megawatts of natural gas. That is in the regulatory process and it's trending well. So that is one component of the road to get from 21% to 15%.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, so we offer a couple of thoughts. And so when we talk about, particularly, O&M cost-reduction opportunities, we've talked in the past about the very nice annuity that we’ve gotten through attrition management over the years. And so that has been something that we've said has been a benefit in the past, and should be an ongoing benefit in the years to come. So specifically on average, we've got about 350 to 400 employees who turn over, who are on defined benefit plans, which obviously are not as cost-effective as defined contribution plans and we froze those plans in their early thoughts. And so now when we have new employees come in, by definition they are on defined contribution plans. We generally save about $40,000 per FTE when we have turnover between defined benefit plan employees and then defined contribution plans employees coming in. And so if you have $40,000 of savings per FTE and you turnover about $400 per year, that generates about $16 million of savings per year. And you think about our cost structure and the O&M side of about $1 billion, that's got about 1.5% savings. And so that gets us a good portion of the way there. Obviously, we always look to do opportunistic refinancings and so we do have some high coupon bonds in our portfolio that we may look to be opportunistic around. And so that introduces opportunities for savings. And clearly, as mentioned before, we are always looking at tax planning opportunities on the property tax or income tax side. So there's a variety of opportunities we look for. And then also as I mentioned, because we're in reinvestment mode for the fourth quarter, this is the time of the year where we look for pull-aheads and if there are operational-related expenses that we have currently forecasted in 2018 that we can pull forward because we're trending well this year, we'll look to do that as well. So that's a small list of the opportunities that we have before us, Julian.
Rejji Hayes: Julien, the only other thing I would note and this is not related to the cost savings but it is worth noting that for the first 9 months of the year, storms have hurt us to the tune of -- sorry, weather and storms have hurt us to the tune of about $0.24. And so we don't plan for that type of extreme or mild weather and that type of extreme storm activity. And so in a normalized year, we'd like to think that, that offers a tailwind going into 2018.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, happy to provide some color on that. So the $0.05 benefit realized in Q3, that's largely attributable to a reduction in deferred income taxes associated with electric sales into MISO.
Rejji Hayes: Michael, this is Rejji. The only thing I would add to that's all 100% for right. And just to give you some specifics, as you may recall from Investor Day, Garrick went into great detail on the volume of capital investment opportunities that we have, just given the age of our system. And so on the electric side, we talked about the average age of the system, I think 75% to our assets were constructed before 1970 and the industry average about 65%, we also just have a very old gas distribution mains, most of which -- a good portion of which were constructed around World War II. And so there's a lot of opportunities there, if you extrapolate on that math, there well in excess of the $25 billion that we've highlighted in our $18 billion 10-year plan plus $7 billion of upside opportunity. So there's a lot of capital investment opportunities. And as Patti noted, the key constraint is, obviously, affordability, so if we can accelerate the cost reduction or savings and that will allow us to execute on the upside opportunities as well.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, largely one-timer, there could be a little bit of upside to the tune of about $0.01 in 2018, but largely one-timer.
Rejji Hayes: I'll answer the last question first and then I'll get to your initial part of your question. But we would feel good about our ability to hit our fourth quarter full year, and then going forward, feel good about hitting our financial objectives, irrespective of whether this tax opportunity came about. The reality is, we're $0.16 ahead of plan and the tax savings that we realized in this quarter would have -- absent that, would have still be about $0.10 ahead of plan. And so it was helpful but it's not what we’re hanging our hat on. And as always, we managed to work accordingly in the event we have unexpected variances like weather, like storms and this is just yet another example of us identifying cost savings opportunities. So that's sort of quick answer to the last part of the questions. As for the initial part, we've actually been evaluating this deferred income tax reduction opportunity for some time and what allowed us to take advantage of it this quarter was that there were couple legal precedents that emerged that allowed us -- and there will be more disclosure around this in the queue but allowed us to revisit our methodology for portioning electric sales into MISO and that's really the gist of why we took advantage of this opportunity now.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. That should normalize over time. I think we're, maybe 10 to 20 basis points on the electric side above the authorized ROE, and so that's probably has to do a little bit of lag attributable to some of the cost savings, and just not having the opportunity to pass this on as soon as we'd like. But we obviously, as we always do, we pass this on as quickly as we can through the annual rate filings. And on the gas side, I'm sure you noted that we are well below the authorized ROE and that's because of the loss of self implementation attributable to the new energy law that was implemented in April of this year. And so again, we expect those to normalize over time and 10 to 20 basis points above the authorized level, we think, again, that will get back to authorized levels fairly very soon.
Rejji Hayes: The only other point I would add is, obviously, the utility drives a good portion, the lion share of our earnings on an annual basis. But we still have the unregulated businesses as both enterprises and other banks that provide additional levers to risk mitigate our annual plan, and then obviously, we will seek out cost reduction opportunities, either operating our non-operating to make sure that we can again risk mitigate any unfavorable regulatory outcomes.
