Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rejji. Our track record spans two decades and consistently delivers industry-leading results in any conditions. This is what we do. We deliver for all stakeholders, year in and year out, and this year will be no different. With that, Michelle, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: So I've got an interesting story on this, Jeremy. I was out with our crews here about two weeks ago and we had an undergrounding in a - replacement undergrounding in a subdivision area. So remember, in Michigan, subdivisions are underground. A lot of people request their service underground. And so we know how to do this work. And in fact, we have a large gas business that does a lot of undergrounding, and so we're sharing practices back and forth. And so, again, right now, we're starting out with the pilot. And that's just a nice way to step into this with the Public Service Commission to show them our capabilities in being able to deliver that at a low cost for our customers. Again, as I've shared in past calls, the cost for undergrounding in Michigan, given the soil, given where we intend to put the undergrounding, it's really conducive and it's really almost at parity with above-ground construction. So it makes it really affordable for our customers. And so we intend to use that practice, it's recognized through EPRI as a best practice; not everywhere, but strategically or selectively across our system. And so starts with 10 miles. We've got six counties identified. We've got projects starting up in one of the North of Grand Rapids area here in about two weeks. The Public Service Commission will be on that site as well to watch that, observe that. And what we intend to grow that is about 400 miles annually. As I've shared in the past, about 10% to 15% of our system is undergrounded. Other Midwest peers, around 35% to 40%. So again, it's best practice, and we see it as a way to improve reliability and resiliency for the future.
Garrick Rochow: As I shared in the Q1 call, our focus is clearly on reliability and resiliency coming off of the large ice storm. We are making a lot of investments, considerable investments across the electric system. And we've seen good performance here over the course of the summer. Even just the last night, we had 65-mile winds come through and the system performed well with about 20,000 customers out this morning and we're quickly restoring them. And so the investments we're making - it's a large system, but the investments we're making are certainly showing benefit. So we've got a great plan. We're filing that plan here in September with the five-year - with our five-year infrastructure plan. This audit that's underway that will start here in September will be another point of alignment for the right investments across the electric system to improve reliability and resiliency. So those things are going well and our system is performing well. And so I feel good about our performance this summer, and we'll continue to be focused on it.
Garrick Rochow: Well, first, I want to congratulate that peer utility that had an IRP settled this week. So congratulations to the DTE team. A lot goes into those IRPs. And if you take one thing away from that IRP, it just speaks to the constructive environment here in Michigan. Four settlements for us, a settlement in IRP for DTE. That's really good. So we'll obviously look at their IRP and look at what we want to take into our next IRP. The other things that we'll consider, the Inflation Reduction Act has certainly changed PTCs and ITCs and is shaping the industry investment. Infrastructure and Jobs Act is also shaking up some things in our industry. And so all that will go into our next IRP and into some of our thinking. The IRP process takes about 12 months to 18 months to build really a thoughtful and thorough plan that we would submit to the Commission. I anticipate we'll start that process in 2024, building out that. So if you played it out, that means we file maybe late 2025/2026 timeframe. And so there's still some work to define that and tie that down, but that's our early indications of how we think about our next IRP.
Garrick Rochow: Thank you for your question. It probably goes without saying this, but I'll say it anyways. We take every MPSC inquiry seriously. And from a customer perspective and bills, we got to get that right. But maybe a little background here, Heidi. Our meters communicate wirelessly. That's our Smart Grid. It's all wireless. And obviously, there's a wireless carrier that communicates that signal back to our home offices here. And as you might imagine, those wireless carriers are moving from 3G to 5G. So they're shutting down some of the 3G systems and moving to 5G. And they made us aware of that, and we were working with our meter vendor to upgrade those meters so they had the right communication components to operate at 4G and 5G technology. That process was underway. However, the meter vendor ran into supply chain problems, in part due to the pandemic, where they couldn't get the components for the meter. That delayed our deployment of these meters. And so when we walked in, in January of 2023, we had about 190,000 meters that were no longer communicating. Today that's around 33,000, and we continue to work with our meter vendor to close that and we expect that to be closed by August. As you can imagine, when those meters aren't communicating, it creates the potential for estimated reads. Our meter vendor was supposed to go out and read meters for us to close that gap. They did not meet our expectations around that and we had to step in and close that gap, which we've done and our reads are being completed and any consecutive estimates are now within historical parameters. And so from a meter perspective, from a consecutive estimate perspective, those are resolved or will be resolved in August. We owe a report to the Commission on August 4, and so we'll do that. From a materiality perspective, we've factored that in, both the reading in the meters and any penalties we may see from the Public Service Commission, and they're incorporated within our guidance that we've offered. I do not see a capital opportunity here. But rest assured that from a customer perspective and MPSC perspective, we are running this to ground, we're doing a root cause on it, make sure that it will not happen again for our customers. Thanks for your question, Heidi.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Michelle. I'd like to thank you for joining us today. We'll see you on the road too. Take care and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, okay. Great. Hi, Garrick. Maybe this one is for Rejji. Just wanted to ask on the delay in the draw on the forward equity and just how we should think about timing there, whether that ends up getting needed at all. I think my recollection is outside of that, you had no other needs until 2025, but maybe just a little more color on what the equity picture looks like going forward, now that you've done the convert.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. Yes, we will still plan to settle the equity. It will likely be, I'll say the back half of this year and deep into the second half, so call it late Q3 or in Q4. But we do still plan to settle the equity over the course of this year.
Rejji Hayes: No, the convert transaction was for all intents and purposes, when you take into account all the puts and takes, is effectively credit-neutral, maybe modestly accretive. And then the delay of the equity settle, again it's still going to take place over the course of this year, so again, all credit-neutral. And so we'll still be right in that mid-teens area and well in alignment with the expectations of the credit rating agencies so we can maintain our investment-grade ratings.
