Tom Webb: The bottom line is yes it is, and I would just comment, keep in mind that we’re not planning on any return in our financial plans that you see. That's kind of all of an upside. We suspect as the policymakers work through this during the summer months and do something before the end of this year that from an ROA standpoint, there may be an economic opportunity that comes out of the law where customers will decide it's probably better to be with bundled service, because they are likely to have to secure not only energy but capacity as they go forward. And to do that, they may find bundled service a better place to do, and that's exactly what we like. We like seeing them make the right economic decisions. So the answer again to your question is yes.
Tom Webb: Well, we feel very good about what we're doing. As you recall, I mentioned that we’re ahead of plan already. You can see that on the reinvestment slide when you have a chance to peek at that. You'll see our cost savings are better than what we anticipated to the extent of about four or five pennies. So that's pretty good. That's a big number. So the plans for this year are good. The reinvestment will continue. Now if I told you how much we’d reinvest at the end of the first quarter call, it would be a lot more. And what I tell you at this call because of the cool weather that we had in June. But when you look at that reinvestment slide, you still see we’ve got lots of room to move and lots of decisions to head, to tailor into what are the right places to put our money and still deliver for you on the profits.
Tom Webb: Yes, a little premature to say exactly what we do because we need to see what the final shape of the plan is, but think of it in two fashions. There will be - likely be this new IRP process. So that will have work done by the state to start planning where we need to be to meet PPA requirements, to do our own state requirements on environmental, all of that. That will be followed by the official IRP process. So that will take a little while. So I suspect what you'll see in the law are some bridging actions. Now I'm just speculating, but take something like energy efficiency to ensure that we continue to do the good work we're doing today, there may be a little bridge that says you continue on the program you have today for a period of time before you go into new things. Is that sort of thinking that wants me to hesitate a little bit on how soon we say we'll announce new capacity, part of it will depend on how the ROA plan goes, returns to customers, part of it will depend on the needs of what may come out of the EPA in August and September, maybe more renewables. So we'll put all that together, be talking to the regulators and policymakers and then probably have something if you made me guess early next year to give you a sense of where we think we're going and what our proposals are.
Tom Webb: Well, two points. First point, remember, we are inside of those numbers you see. We’re covered. We have adequate plans in place to take care of all of our bundled customers. If for some reason there was an emergency and I'll do a theoretical thing, all ROA customers chose to come back to bundled service right away, we would find short-term measures to cover that and think purchases on the market, think use of short-term PPAs, think DIG, think all the list of options like that, there are many. So short-term, we could be in very good shape. Longer term, we want to plan for more certainties. So what we would work on is how to put more permanent capacity in place in Zone 7, so our customers will essentially own their generation as opposed to renting it.
Tom Webb: Yes, that's a good question. If you can, if you’ll refer to slide 12, you will happen to see sort of the best roadmap, but I think it's in the slides first half, second half. When you look at the second half, we already have programmed in actions that give us lower O&M, and that's in the $0.12 that you see, that's largely what that is. And those are all underway, so there is no like new cost reductions that desperately need to be found. And then you've got the mortality tables that are the full-year effect. You remember it was $45 million, so just the portion that impacts in the second half is about a nickel of bad news. Then you got rate release and everything else. Remember, just about all of our rate release that we’re talking about is really second half. So think of the electric rate case as an example. On the electric rate case, we just self-implemented. So we’re actually collecting that. We get all that upside as we go through the second half of the year, something we didn't have in the first half of the year. So I would tell you there is a lot of natural things like that, that don't require a lot of wishing and praying or worrying of any kind. And then have you think about slide 13 that shows the reinvestment plan. We're actually still in the mode of looking where we deploy our resources in steps throughout the course of the year to go from $0.13 better than planned to what would leave you with a good 5% to 7% earnings growth. So we are in, I'd say great shape. This is actually a fun place to be. It's little tougher when it's the other way like it was about three years ago when we had a really mild winter and we had a fine $0.13, which we did, and as you know, the actuals speak for themselves we're in great shape. So not a lot of pressure for us, but you can see our normal cost reductions coming in place. We’re now getting rate release in the second half. We didn't have in the first half. And so the comps, I guess, are a little busy easier if you look at it that way.
Tom Webb: I think that's fair enough. There is a mix of things, some of which are short-term and some of which are a little bit longer term. So when you think about the generation side of things, those are a little bit longer term adds into our plan, but there is plenty of short-term things to do as well. And I'm actually going to take you to slide that you prefer not to be taken to I think, instead of the one you're talking to, and that’s slide 13 which shows the reinvestment curve again. Here is the best way I can encourage everybody to think about this. There are some very important things we don't have to do but we sure would like to do for our customers. Tree trimming is one of the simplest explanations I have. Our tree trimming cycle is closer to 10 years and it should be closer to five or six years. So the commission is kind enough to give us a little bit more with each rate case and then they know every time we can find an opportunity to do a little bit more when we have good news from cost reductions or weather or whatever it is, we also do a little bit more. What I would caution everybody is, yes, underneath we could probably be growing a lot faster than 5% to 7%, but inside as long as we have that opportunity to do these important things for our customers, we’re going to do those, and I think there will be things like that to do certainly this year, and I think certainly next year, and then we'll talk about the future after that and that's not a hint up or down, we'll just talk about that a little bit later. The other thing it does for us is by doing this work like the DIG pull ahead and like more tree trimming and whatever, it actually makes it easier for us to deliver the next year because our customers are better off, we pull cost ahead that would have happened in the next year or the year after, but it makes it easier for us to deliver the good results that you need to see. So no move from the 5% to 7%, certainly not today.
Tom Webb: Well, we get asked the question enough that we wanted to show with the investment profile how easy the model works. So if we had more investment, we can do that without putting stress on our customers and still give them average rate increases that are less than inflation. That's the point. The point is less so to say, look for 6% to 8% earnings growth in the near-term, just know that the capacity is there, but our desire to use that capacity this year, next year and who knows beyond that is important and it's paying off. It's paying off for our customers, and then indirectly it's paying off big time for all of our investors by allowing us to have that happy customer group as well as to be able to deliver that 5% to 7% every year.
Tom Webb: Yes, we're good on NOLs for several years to go. The gross NOLs are near $1 billion still, and remember, then you got to net that for the tax effect. And I believe in your appendix you do have our operating cash flow slide, and it will show you in the bottom bright yellow bar when anybody gets a chance to look at that, that NOLs and credits are still positive and available all the way through 2020, and the NOLs are used up a little earlier than that depending on bonus depreciation and depending on other tax things. But at this point, we’re still pretty comfortable telling you, we can go five years without any block equity because of that tax opportunity. I’m a little embarrassed because every time I - once a year I have to explain to you it has to go out another year. Probably five years ago, I think we were telling you that we had five years to go and today our time is up, but fortunately we have another five years to go.
Tom Webb: Yes, happy to do that. So we - our first half sales growth weather-adjusted weather-normalized for electric was flat. You'll see that in our addendum, you'll see that data.
Tom Webb: Yes. And you'll see residential down and commercial up a little bit. That's nothing to really get too nervous about because we've seen that flat to down to up a touch. It’s oscillating. Those two are not making the big recovery. Now typically you would see after recession. So that's still ahead of us. That hasn't started happening yet. The point for today is probably more around the industrial side. When you look at the data, our growth was over 1% in the first half and we know that its underlying growth is better than 2%. So you may say what's happening. Now I have to be careful because I can't talk about a specific company, but there is an individual company that's a big customer, a very low margin customer of ours and they have an interruption on the supply side, and it was a stubborn one. And I'm not even sure and it's not my business to say when they'll be coming out of that, but obviously they’ve worked their way through that. And when that comes back through, you'll see the industrial numbers back up to what we think is a more reasonable level. So keep in mind, we expect that to happen for the future and we really haven't factored in all the 3% of new growth from new businesses locating which will be largely late this year, mostly ‘16 and some ‘17. But the answer to your question was, in the analysis think industrial as of today.
Tom Webb: So, if you will, think about the sensitivity that would be oriented more to industrial than to residential, that would make the sensitivity a little less so, because residential is key in here. So we do an average.
Tom Webb: Yes, I don't think that's going to have a big deal on sales growth and competition where you were going. So when we talk about having or not having a mandate and using the IRP, that mandate would have been around renewables is a simple example. If you don't have a mandate because the policymakers would rather make sure that the IRP process is more thoughtful around what the important things are doing, and in an IRP process you might come up with 4% renewables as opposed to a mandate might say something else. The policymakers think the IRP process will be more thoughtful. And when we get into all the needs for capacity, for environmental compliance and those sorts of things, I think you’re naturally going to see a mix of renewables, a continuing mix of energy efficiency and we’ll probably need to put some capacity in place. So when you were relating it to sales growth, I know you were thinking more choice. I would tell you, we've assumed 10% continues forever in our plans. So if you were to conclude that ROA customers might be coming back in this process that will actually help sales.
Tom Webb: Thank you very much. We appreciate everybody joining us today. We had a strong first half. We look forward to the second half of the year and we expect to see an improved energy law as we've been talking about today, and we expect to see an order on our electrical rate case in December, and we expect to deliver predictable financial results. So thanks for your interest and spending time with us today. We'll see in the near future.
