Patricia K. Poppe: Right. So just a couple of high level dates. So first of all, we expect the order from the Commission on the securitization at the end of September. And keep in mind that's just approving the financing mechanism for the payment to Entergy of $172 million. And then after that we'll be – and they may provide some color in that order about the replacement plan but the replacement plan really is filled out in a forward-looking rate case that we'll be filing later. So it is definitely a process. Now they may give some clear indications that say they want us to sign a contract or they give indications they would want us to bring DIG for example into the utility, but none of that would be necessary. We don't expect that to be binding. We expect the really just the order to be about the securitization and then forward cases about the backfill plan.
Patricia K. Poppe: Yeah, so it's a tariff and they do have to approve that tariff and there's a range of time. In the next couple of months, we expect to hear the results of that tariff approval. So, what we like about it and what we think is particularly unique is that it does not have a cross cost shift. It really provides the access for our large business customers to have access to renewable energy. They remain a full bundled customer, but then they're able – they have a couple of options they can either bring their own PPA, which we're agnostic to or we will provide the renewables for them and they can then sell that on in MISO. And if prices go up then they get the upside because we've signed a fixed contract with them so that's very appealing to them. What's appealing to us is they remain full bundled customers and we're able to provide the energy in the form that they prefer. So what we've heard from our large business customers is I mean a direct quote from one of them was this is the first time a utility has figured this out. This is exactly what we need and it makes Michigan very attractive. So we're optimistic that the Commission will approve the tariff especially since it doesn't have any kind of cost shift to others.
Patricia K. Poppe: I guess, I would just add Jonathan too, remember we don't work to the quarter we work to a year end number. And we're – as you know our little S-curve that's on slide 16 shows that every year is a little different and the comparison sometimes from one quarter and one year to the quarter before. It's not necessarily reflective of the year in confidence which is what we're trying to express with our re-affirmation of our year-end guidance. We feel real good about the full year performance. That's what we're working to.
Patricia K. Poppe: I would call it in your words the bucket of options. You know the one thing that we want to make sure that we're doing is reducing and passing along the reduced cost to our customers and we think that's most important. And you know, on one hand just on the question of DIG inside the utility or outside the utility we think it's a win either way. When it's outside of the utility, it's available to provide bilateral contracts and we think there's potential in that market. If it's inside the utility, we think it can add value to utility customers. And so we feel very comfortable working through the alternatives and making sure that both the Commission and we are aligned and satisfied that we've got the resource adequacy for the State of Michigan, the visibility that we need for that resource adequacy and most importantly that we're able to pass along the savings as a result of the early termination of out-of-market PPA. So we really are at the end of the day just going to look for the lowest cost method to backfill that PPA.
Patricia K. Poppe: Thank you, Brandon. And thanks again for all of you for joining us this morning. I'll just reiterate that we feel good about our performance in the first half in spite of the headwinds. While we are ahead of our plan and it's why we're reiterating our year end guidance of 6% to 8% EPS growth, as you know you can count on us to deliver. And we definitely hope to see you September 25 at our Investor Day in New York. Thanks, Brandon.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. Well, first I would say skeptical as a paraphrase that was not a quote, but I would say I've been pleasantly surprised on the inside now at how well the company has managed to not only execute on its capital plan, which as you know is quite robust as well as risk mitigated, but also to realize significant savings year in and year out. And so you're familiar with that slide where we show our benchmarking relative to sector and that's a real achievement of O&M cost reductions of 3% per year over the last 10 years. And if you look at the next three years going forward we think that there are significant opportunities to realize additional O&M cost reductions. We've talked about this in the past, but you know candidly, I would submit that a lot of the cost savings we've realized in the past are really through sheer will and just a lot of good discipline. But through the CE Way we think we can offer much greater level sophistication in realizing cost savings in a scalable and replicable way. And so we think a combination of process-oriented related savings as well as technology-enabled savings through smart meters and other measures should continue to lead us down this path of consistent cost reduction in the years to come. So I've seen a lot of opportunities within these walls. And if you look at some of the other metrics that Patti highlights in our stories of the month, there's a lot of low hanging fruit here. And so that's what encouraged to me that this path we've been on for so long is sustainable in the long run.
Rejji P. Hayes: Well, I wouldn't say it's necessarily a reverse, Jonathan. This is just the math. If you're specifically referencing on slide 13 or slide 14 this bucket we have here of what bridges the gap, if you take into account the rates and investment or the rate net of investments and then the $0.12 to $0.16 with six months to go. Well, the reason why we feel confident in our ability to close this gap is that we have all of these activities that we've put in place which are really discretionary in the second half of 2016, which we don't need to replicate in this year, as we think about closing this gap. And so the only specificity we have is, as it pertains to the cost savings as other is just this math here that closes the gap between the discretionary items that we won't have to replicate again in 2017 and then there's cost savings in other line item, that gets you the $0.12 to $0.16. But we believe that we can realize cost savings beyond that. So just to be clear that number is effectively just a plug here for illustrative purposes, but we believe we can realize more cost savings over the course of the second half of the year. We're already seeing that in the form of customer operations billing. Patti highlighted a lot of good achievement (28:54). And we think there are much more cost things beyond what's just on this page. So again the math here is more for illustrative purposes that just closes the gap on the $0.12 to $0.16, but we think there's a lot more opportunities on that going forward.
Rejji P. Hayes: So in the first half we had improvement in benefits of about $0.04 and that was largely due to an accelerated pensions funding that we did in the fourth quarter of last year. So that helped us out by $0.04. And then we had some other good news on property tax related to our Zeeland plant in the first quarter of the year. So that drove a lot of the performance. But as we go into the second half, again, we have additional cost savings that we have factored in the plan, again, that should help us get through to the second quarter through to the second half of the year, and get us to our guidance of $2.14 to $2.18.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So we're already anticipating if you look again on slide 13, if we have a weather-normalized second half of the year that will cost us $0.07 because we obviously had a very nice second half of the year in 2016. And we think rates net of investments, again, that's comprised of our electric self-implementation and then where we end up on gas, the gas rate case in this upcoming Monday and so that should offset the weather. And then as you look at the latter portion of this year, we think that a combination of cost savings and again discretionary activities that we executed in the second half of last year, because we had a very good summer and had the opportunity to reinvest back in the business. We don't have to replicate such activities going forward. So we think a combination of those, or the lack of those activities, or the absence of those activities coupled with uncollectible account (31:43) and we also have some items that we've forecasted rather conservatively at the parent level that we could potentially defer going into 2018. The combination of all those items should get us through to next year.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yep. So there are couple of changes that have come about reflected in our NOL and credit, so you're referring to that bottom yellow row on slide 20.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. So what we're seeing there is obviously, we have to plan to invest about $1 billion or so to get to our RPS standard of 15% as stipulated by the Energy Law. And so, obviously, by increasing our estimates for capital expenditures related to renewables that does help the balance of NOLs and credit we have forecasted for the next four or five years. And, again, as we sit here today, we don't expect to be a federal tax payer all the way through 2020. And so we only start paying a portion of federal taxes come 2021. So a lot of it has to do with basically pulling forward spending to meet the new RPS standard.
Rejji P. Hayes: Precisely. And so, again, we do not anticipate through our five-year plan issuing dilutive block equity in the next five years or even beyond that potentially.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. It's a good question, Ali. We have said for some time now that we foresee weather-adjusted electric sales of 0.5% to 1%. And as you may recall in Q4, on the Q4 earnings call and also in the Q1 earnings call, we historically had attributed that to strong performance in the industrial side. And we have very good visibility on the performance of that segment as you probably saw that has been tailing off quite a bit. But what encourages us and the reason why we still feel good about that 0.5% to 1% percent forecast is we are seeing a wonderful trend in terms of sales mix. And so our residential performance has been well in excess of our expectations, and so we're about 0.5% up for residential on the electric side on a weather-adjusted basis, and almost 2% up for commercial. And so we're seeing a nice bit of favorable sales mix, which gives us confidence in that 0.5% to 1%. And what I would also say just peeling the onion a bit on industrial, the downward trend you see for industrial, that's largely attributable to our retail open access customers and then one large customer who has had lower than expected performance. And so there is a lower margin customers and our remaining balance of industrial customers have performed quite well. And so we feel very good about the 0.5% to 1% weather-adjusted sales forecast.
Rejji P. Hayes: That's exactly right because, obviously, if you issue a significant portion of equity, it's going to be dilutive on your earnings. And so we take pride in the fact that we have enough capability on the cost cutting side to fund a good portion of that capital investment backlog execution, the $18 billion plan. We've been realizing cost cuts to say 2% to 3% over the last 10 years and are forecasting that going forward. And so that coupled with the very good tax planning that has allowed us to not pay federal taxes for the last several years and for the next four or five years forward. Coupled with a little bit of sales performance at the utility has enabled us to avoid doing those real dilutive block equity deals which others may need to do and that obviously keeps our EPS right where we'd like it to be at that healthy 6% to 8% adjusted growth level.
Rejji P. Hayes: So, just to align on the facts, so we requested to be clear a 10.6% ROE for the gas rate case, obviously, as a result of the self-implementation order as well as what we're seeing in terms of some of the other data points (37:25) expectations have been tempered. And so we have assumed a double-digit ROE to be sure. And you know there may be a chance that we get to at levels either obtained by DTE in recent cases or closer to electric. And so we'll see where we end up, but it's I think a little early to speculate as to where we may end up on the gas rate case.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah, I'd say if you look at our track record over the last couple of years, we have been quite good at realizing the required reductions on electric and gas and so. In the prior energy law, you needed to get basically a 1 gigawatt hour reduction on the electric side and 0.75 billion cubic feet reduction in gas and that is now changes for the new Energy Law to 1.5% and 1% for electric and gas respectively. And then you get now 20% of the cost to achieve those savings. And so we feel good about our ability to execute on that. What remains to be seen is how much of that upside we can realize in this year because as you may know, the new Energy Law came into effect in April of this year and so there's only a question about whether that should be prorated earnings or should it be the full year. If it's full year, it could be worth $0.02. If it's prorated portion, it could be a $0.01. And so that's the only concern we have at this point. But we, looking at our historical track record, are highly confident we can execute on realizing those customer savings and then realizing the benefits associated there with.
Rejji P. Hayes: So the key signpost that we would look for as we execute on our capital plan and potentially realize those upside opportunities and just to be clear what's in that. So to go from $18 billion to $25 billion, you really have a few pieces in there. You've got gas infrastructure, which is just north of about $2.25 billion. And then you've got just under $750 million attributable to grid modernization and then potential Palisades replacement and the balance is really a potential replacement option for the MCV contract which expires in 2025 and that's about call it $3.5 billion or thereabouts if you include potential wind replacement coupled with gas peaker plant support. And so as we think about what may allow us to pull those levers, it really is the historical constraints and that's customer affordability and/or the need to fund that an efficient way on our balance sheet. And so the signposts we'd need to see is how economic does wind become over time. What cost savings are we able to realize to self-fund the business and again permit us to fund or execute on the capital plan of that magnitude? And, again, if the economics associated with renewables or other potential alternative means to replace that MCV PPA come into effect. So it's a combination of I'd say affordability and balance sheet capacity in order to take that on.
Rejji P. Hayes: As Patti highlighted, we should have visibility by the end of September as to where we'll come out on Palisades. And then with respect to whether DIG or some other entity becomes being part of the longer term plan, we won't have visibility on that until we a file rate case in the subsequent year. And then there's a bit of process that would need to take place. We'd need to get approval from the Commission for whatever purchase plan we have on the gas side.
Rejji P. Hayes: As you know, historically, we've been very conservative around our accounting and expectations and so we've self-implemented $20 million and so that's where we're at.
Rejji P. Hayes: Yeah. In our financial planning, we always presuppose that we'll make donations to the Foundation, but it's always a function of how well the business performs over the course of the first few quarters of the year. And so we'll see where we're at by the fourth quarter and if we continue to trend well economically, we'd love to take advantage of those opportunities to put more money in the Foundation. Obviously, last year, the second half was quite good and so we really stepped up on the donations, not just the foundation, but for other opportunities of interest. And as I've said before, if we see a soft or mild summer and we don't have those sorts of opportunities this year, we can clearly pull back on that sort of activity to meet our earnings guidance of $2.14 to $2.18.
