Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rejji. Our simple investment thesis has withstood the test of time and continues to be our approach going forward. It is grounded in a balanced commitment to all our stakeholders and enables us to continue to deliver on our financial objectives. As we've highlighted today, we have achieved another year of strong performance in 2021, executing on our commitment with triple bottom line and are pleased with our strong results. I'm confident we're in a great position to continue our momentum throughout 2022 and beyond. We look forward to updating you as we head into another exciting year. With that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: Certainly. So as you know, we're in the midst of an integrated resource plan, and we don't want to presume, although we're confident in that plan. We don't want to presume the Covert facility and the big facility will move into the utility there's certainly a lot of pretty good indicators around that. But nonetheless, we want to make sure that that's where it lands. And we'll see a final order in the IRP by June of this year. And so again, assuming success there, we would anticipate the Covert facility in 2023 and then the DIG facilities out in 2025 from an incremental opportunity. Our VGP, again, that's subscription-based, based on customers. We saw some positive traction in that, we announced this week with General Motors. But again, that construction would be – as those fill out and those are subscribed, that construction period would be in 2024 to 2027. And so that's the nature of – as that materializes, it would show up in that range.
Garrick Rochow: Rejji and I will take team this. Let me be very clear. I feel good about the regulatory construct here in Michigan. And when I look at this rate case, there are two things to take away from it. One, there's an investor read-through on a strong and constructive ROE, 9.9%. That has been constructive, especially when compared with other jurisdictions. It's good solid equity thickness. In fact, our regulatory equity ratio grew by 34 basis points. That just, again, speaks to the nature of this commission in this regulatory construct. And again, all based in legislation, so don't forget that piece of it as well. The other piece of opportunity is clear in the order. And as a utility, we need to improve our business cases particularly in a forward-looking test year and the additional investments we want to make on behalf of our customer. We need to do a better job of showing the benefits as well as the cost when compared to historical. That's on us. We own that and you can expect to see it in our next electric rate case. So let me hand it over to Rejji to walk through a little bit of why we have such confidence in 2022.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Insoo, and good morning. I want to be real clear with everyone here. We're at the largest electric reliability capital spend that we've had in our company's history, and it's actually 40% over 2020. So we're at a good pace in terms of electric reliability. But clearly, as we demonstrated in this electric rate case, there is more to do across our vast system. And so we'll be making requests in this upcoming electric rate case with, of course, better business justification to be able to support that. Clearly, when you look at our system and the amount of storms we had this year, there is room to – for improvement, and we're well aligned with this commission and this staff to do just that.
Garrick Rochow: Mike, can I just jump in on this one as well. I've been involved in large power plants and operations for 25-plus years. I don't think there's been a year in those 25 where I haven't seen projects move from year to year. Major projects in terms of outages, in terms of construction time lines differed. And so it's pretty typical in our industry to have a little give and take. And so this supply chain challenge that's in front of us will dissipate over time, I have no doubt about that. But remember this, we're retiring coal. And so you have to fill that capacity somehow. So these projects aren't going away. It's just a matter of when we plant them in what year. And so again, this is pretty typical for the work we do year after year, this give and take. And so I'm not worried, not concerned, and this too will pass.
Garrick Rochow: We've got – this program started at 120 megawatts. That is fully subscribed, and we're now in the second phase of subscribing the 1,000 megawatts.
Garrick Rochow: It's really a bottoms-up piece. And just let me offer a little bit in the gas. Back in November of 2020, we got a large pipeline project approved through an Act 9, which is the equivalent of a certificate of necessity that is folded into this plan. And so as you might imagine, the replacing 56 miles of large transmission pipe, the project is around five – I think it's $550 million in that range. And so that's a big factor that as you build that bottoms-up approach, it shows up in the gas and in this vintage of capital in Apple five-year plan.
Garrick Rochow: Well, in my earlier comments, just to be really clear, $650 million of savings in total requires the retirement of Campbell one, two and three. And start of my career at that plant, you can't do a partial there. It just doesn't work. And so you need the whole thing. One, for the savings piece for our customers, but you can't do a partial retirement. So that's critically important in this equation in this IRP. The second piece is, when you retire a plant like that, you need to backfill in terms of capacity, in terms of energy. And the lowest cost option on that, we proved their modeling is to Covert and through the DIG facilities. And so again, this is why it all comes together quite nicely. And so it's very clear what's necessary to do this type of savings for our customers, to improve the supply side from a resiliency perspective and then also to have a 60% reduction in carbon. So that's how we're approaching it. Again, a lot of benefits, a lot of wins for every one, and we think we can achieve that – not that I think. We know we can achieve that here in 2022.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. We need Campbell. We need all of Campbell to retire. And again, that's not built into our plans. Now our five-year plan at all, not the savings, not the capital upside. It's not in the plan. So just to be clear there.
Garrick Rochow: I don't agree with that conclusion that they're taking a slower approach. The language is really clear in the ex parte order and in electric rate case, other support for green energy. And in fact, that washing project, and it's clear that it's been supported and from a construction standpoint and a regulatory recovery standpoint. Now Rejji will walk through a little bit of the financial piece and how we'll progress with that project here over the course of 2022 and 2023.
Garrick Rochow: Yes, specifically for new growth, both electric connections and we have a deferral mechanism on there. And so we can allocate the appropriate amount of capital for growth. And then see recovery in a subsequent case. And so that’s – perhaps we have had at least the last couple of rate cases that allow us to – it’s in three areas, both in new business at the relocations and demand capital. And so that's been very helpful in allowing us to expand our electric capital in year as a result of changes in the environment like great business growth. And so that's an important piece. The other piece that I would just, again, point back to, our electric reliability spend is robust. It's the largest we've had here across our company, 40% over 2020. But I would offer this, there's better and more important work we need to do in this next electric rate case. We have more capital that we want to invest on behalf of our customers and electric reliability to offer benefits and improve our performance there. and we'll work to engage that into the – to build that out in the next case. And I know Rejji would offer – also offer some comments as well.
Garrick Rochow: Our electric – we're going to file our electric rate case here in April timeframe. And so that's our plan right now. And so we don't anticipate – initial order could come out very earliest in April and then a final order in June. And so I don't anticipate that'll be woven into this electric rate case.
Garrick Rochow: Our intent here is to, so again, I don't want to presume approval. I think that would be, I don't get in front of the commission on that. But again, confidence in of a final order by June, and let's play this out Covert dig into the utility. We'd looked to update our plans, our five-year plans and the kind of the normal cycle to reflect those changes.
Garrick Rochow: Enterprises continues to be an important part of our business, although it was really a small part of our business. And just as a reminder for everyone on the call, it's about 4% of our earnings mix. So again, small and then as big in other facilities move into the utility that enterprise group grows as even smaller. Right now, it's focused on renewables and customer relationships. And so let me offer a little bit more context around that. For example, a company like General Motors or one of the companies that Enterprise works with. They have long-term commitment to sustainability across their global footprint. And so they provide a creditworthy party and we have a long contract period. We help them find renewable assets throughout the U.S. And so that's the role we play. We see utility-like returns or better in that space. And again, we're not out in the auctions. We're not out being squeezed from a margin perspective. It's specifically designed at customer relationships and helping them meet their sustainability targets. And so it's narrow, it's thoughtful. It's a small part of our business but important for our strategic customers.
Garrick Rochow: I don't want to minimize COVID or the health effects to people. And so probably sensitive to my response here. But bottom line, what we've – in Michigan here, we're seeing all the economic indicators are headed in the right direction. And then people have figured out a way to be able to work and live and even play in the midst of a pandemic. And as a company, we found ways to work safely with the appropriate precautions in place. And so again, we're not seeing what we saw at the beginning of the pandemic, which was economic shutdowns and other factors influencing load. It's really on the upswing. And all economic indicators are, again, headed in the right direction. And so I would put it in more of a perspective that we figured out how to work within the context of COVID.
Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rocco, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today for our fourth quartile earnings call. Take care and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: Good morning Shar, thanks for the question. The only thing I would add to Garrick's comment is just to be – or I guess, for the avoidance of doubt is that the guidance toward the high-end of 6% to 8% of the 2022 base, that just assumes the capital plan we rolled there today of $14.3 billion of that five-year period, and the assumption of no equity through 2024. And so these other opportunities on the outside looking at the end of the year accounted the IRP, the bond segment pricing program of AGP, those would give us a more confidence in delivering on that plan. So again delivery towards the high-end of 2022 is just based on the $14.3 billion of capital and the assumption of no equity through 2024. Those are the key drivers.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. You certainly do have that because we're compounding off of a higher base, but it's a solid 7%, Shar. So I wouldn’t read too much into it.
Rejji Hayes: We'll see. I mean, the current base case for modeling purposes should be $250 million per year in 2025 and 2026. But what you'll see in the appendix chart is we are assuming about over $10.5 billion of operating cash flow generation over the next five-years. And so if we see upside to that, well, that certainly gives us more financial flexibility. We've also really done a nice job executing very attractive, I'll say, equity-like securities that get an equity like the hybrids we've been doing from time-to-time. We had a perpetual preferred last year. They got nice equity credit. And we'll see if there are opportunities there. But the current working assumption should be that $350 million per year in those averages in 2025 and 2026.
Rejji Hayes: Jeremy, this is Rejji. For now, again, we feel good about the funding plan. And we had said before, in the event the IRP gets approved, we don't believe we need to materially change our equity issuance needs. Now the VGP plus the IRP, if we have those high-class problems, we would potentially have to recalibrate. But to be clear, that would only be outside of 2024. And so you think about the timing of the capital investments, Covert would potentially be before 2024. And again, we feel good about not needing to issue equity even in that scenario before 2024, where we may need to recalibrate as if – we get the IRP and good momentum on the VGP. Those outer years 2025 and beyond, we may have to take a second look there. But for now, again, we feel very good about the work assumptions of this plan.
Rejji Hayes: Jeremy, so as you think about the offset with the order or from the order, clearly, it really highlights the benefits of having a forward test year. And so where we had disallowances in that forward test year, we obviously can revise our capital and spend programs. And so that's a clear offset from some of the disallowances we saw. And then a couple of things related to 2021 and then in this test year so that gives us great confidence. And so as you may recall, we had plans to issue equity in 2021. And obviously, given the timing of the EnerBank sale, we didn't have to issue any equity that year.  And so we've got some momentum from a share count perspective. That's helpful. I continue to feel quite good about weather-normalized load. We saw a really nice recovery from commercial and industrial sales over the course of 2021, and we anticipate seeing some of that in 2022 as well, particularly given the leading indicators that we've seen with respect to new service requests, which Garrick offered in his prepared remarks, and we continue to see upside from our residential customers given the sort of teleworking phenomenon that we think should stick to some extent. And then cost performance. Every year, I continue to be surprised to the upside by what the organization can deliver. So last year, our plan was about $45 million. and we delivered $55 million there. And then in 2020, I can assure you we didn't plan for $100 million of savings in the organization went and got it. And so those are all the drivers that we think will offset some of the downs that we saw in the electric rate order.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Insoo, this is Rejji. So yes, I think your working assumption for blended weather-normalized load on the electric side is about right. So call it just slightly up, flat to about 0.5 point. But again, we continue to be encouraged with what we're seeing on the residential side. So last year, we had – we assumed a pretty aggressive return to work, and we ultimately saw our residential down about 2.5%, a little over that versus 2020. Our plan was much more bearish. And so we saw a surprise to the upside versus plan there. Commercial, we've already seen commercial over the case of 2021, up about 3.3%. So effectively back at this point to pre-pandemic levels when you take energy waste reduction into account. And industrial, I'd say admittedly, it's still coming back, and that's why we feel good about 2022. And so when you think about our working assumptions for 2022, we're still assuming a decline for residential versus 2021, about somewhere between 1% to 2%. Commercial basically, flat to slightly up. And then industrial, we still expect to see pretty good growth there around 5%. So that's what, on a blended basis gets you to around a point – I'm sorry, excuse me, flat to slightly up about 0.5 point all in. And then the positive signal to new service requests, to point to a specific sector, I think, would be challenging because we're pretty diversified in our service territory. But clearly, we're seeing good news in auto. Now again, auto represents a couple of percent of our gross margins. So not a great deal of exposure there. But across most sectors, we expect to continue to see Michigan trend well. And as Garrick noted in his prepared remarks, we're seeing some very attractive economic development opportunities on the industrial side. We're not in a position right now to disclose those sectors, but we see a number of I'll say, a combination of old and new economy sectors, looking at Michigan as a place to land. And so we feel very good about the road ahead economically in Michigan.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, Michael. Good morning. Yes. So we had some renewable projects that we had to push out a little bit. I think the issues around supply chain pretty well publicized across not just the country but the planet. And so we saw some of that with respect to our projects. We still expect to get the projects executed over time, but we did have to push them out a little bit. So that was really the primary driver. And I'd say across some projects, there were some idiosyncratic issues that came up, but it was largely related to supply chain matters.
Rejji Hayes: Andrew, yes, this is Rejji. So yes, I think conceptually, you're right in that you're going to see a decoupling at least in the short term between the earnings growth and the dividend per share growth. And so that's what we're showing with this recent increase in the dividend because we did mention on the heels of the EnerBank sale that we'll guide down – we'll glide path down to a low 60s percent payout ratio. Right now, we're kind of mid-60s and we'll glide path down over time. So you'll see a little decoupling between the earnings growth, which will be a little bit stronger than dividend per share growth, but we still think both are healthy and combined offer very attractive total shareholder return proposition.
Rejji Hayes: Jonathan, the only thing I'd add, you noted that there was a slight dip in the front end of the five-year plan on the distribution spend. So you can see it a little off trend. We tend to and have historically been at about $1 billion per year spend rate for all the reliability work that we know needs to get done in our service territory. The dip in 2022 that's attributable to just aligning the spend plan in 2022 with the rate order. We had about around $100 million or so or thereabouts of disallowance in the rate order. And so obviously with the forward test year, we can toggle our plans accordingly. And so that's really what's driving some of that decline in 2022, which is a little off trend.
Rejji Hayes: No, I think you have the key point, Garrick, which is the 6% to 8% guidance, Anthony, and that sort of confidence toward the high end, that is off of the 2022 base. And so I think 2023 and beyond, 2022 is a fairly atypical year. Again, given the sale of the bank, and that's why you see a little bit higher growth in the range of 285 to 289 off of the 2021 actuals of 265. It implies like 7.5% to 9%, but we don't foresee ourselves growing at that clip going forward. So it's just an atypical year as we reduce the dilution from the EnerBank sale and redeploy the capital.
Rejji Hayes: Well, I mean, even though the range may seem wide on a percentage basis, it's about 4% to 5% on average, Anthony. And so we think that, that's plenty conservative to give us a little room to land the plane. So we feel good about the guidance range, which, again, I think is one of the tightest in the sector.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. The quick answer is back in service. There was a supply line of gas that was feeding into the plant that needed some additional construction work. And having been in the gas business for a long time, we know once that type of work is done, lasts about 70 years or so. So we feel good about the fact that, that was nonrecurring and we'll be back at normal operations going forward for the foreseeable future. But just to be clear, it wasn't our gas line, it was from a third party, but that's now fixed, and we're off and running.
