Rejji Hayes: Absolutely. So enterprises specifically dig at some transmission related assets. The informal parlance and switchyard assets, which they sold to ITC transmission in the second quarter. And so we booked again at roughly $16 million or $0.04 in Q2. That was part of our plan throughout the year, which is why you'll see sort of an aberrant trend between our '19 actuals and what we anticipate for 2020.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, happy to. EnerBank this year, and they had a wonderful year as Patti noted, they hit about $2.6 billion, a little over $2.6 billion in assets, which is in excess of 10% of our consolidated asset rational. And so we chose to report out this segment at this point. 
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So starting with your last question first, yes, we did take into account and you should assume that the EPS related pickup is net of the funding costs. And so we anticipate about $0.05 earnings per share upside attributable to that. The amount and you'll see this in the appendix is a little over $530 million. And so that allowed us to fully fund our inactive defined benefit plan.
Rejji Hayes: The latter. So we did a term loan in the interim at Consumers Energy. And it's interesting, the term loan funding of that was about $300 million. We actually had a little bit of excess cash flow that allowed us to fund it with a bit of excess cash, which also helped the EPS accretion attributable to that.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, Julien, you also just asked about what could allow us to -- I think, if I heard you correctly, just dip into those upside opportunities in this, Patti and I have talked about in the past. Now the constraints are primarily, customer affordability. And so that is the primary constraint on whether they will be able to dip into those upside opportunities to $3 billion to $4 billion in that 10 year plan, as well as balance sheet constraints and potentially workforce capacity. And so, overtime as all of those potentially move favorably. We will consider recalibrating, but for now, that's where the plan sets. Now getting to your second question related to if I heard you correctly, again, the seed wasn't all that good, but it sounded like a potential reaction to I think the ALJs decision and DTEs integrated research. But needless to say, we're not going to speak for DTE on their regulatory filings. But if you're asking whether that has an impact on our IRP and the execution of IRP, the answer to that is no, we obviously just concluded the RFP. Well, first we got approval for our IRP in mid last year. And we just concluded in September or deepen the Q4. The request for proposal for the first launch of 300 megawatts of solar. This is part of a longer-term effort to really build out solar generating assets, to the tune of 6 gigawatts by 2040. And this first trance or call it 1.1 gigawatts that we're approving the settlement, we just did about 300 megawatts this year, we'll do another 300 megawatts, in RFP in September this year in the balance of 500 megawatts in 2021, half of which will be rate base, half of which will be PPA. And so we're in execution mode, and obviously, we'll look to file a new IRP in June of '21 for the settlement. So, that's where we stand on that.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, Praful. Our position on M&A versus organic growth has been consistent for some time. And we're fully focused on executing on our capital plan. We've got enough to do within our walls. And as I've said in the past, we're paying one times book to fund those capital investments, I'd rather do that and pay a premium for somebody else's CapEx backlog. So we're acutely focused on executing on our plan.
Rejji Hayes: Sure, Shar, happy to take that. So a little bit of the shift that you probably have noticed between what's we're expecting or what we were expecting in 2020 in our prior five year plan that we rolled out in Q1 of last year, instead of this five year plan, it has everything to do with just the timing of the rate case in the forward test years. And so this current vintage now that we're a year smarter reflects the magnitude of spend we expect in 2021. And that aligns nicely with the gas case that's pending, that we filed in December of last year, and with the electric case, we’ll likely file in Q1 of this year.  And so that's really what why you see that shifting between 2020 and 2021. And what we've always said and this remains true to form is that, the absolute amount for the quantum of capital we anticipate spending on a five year period one year period is, always pretty consistent. But the composition does change overtime and sometimes you get shifts in a year, and so that's effectively what you're seeing. And then for the outer years, I think Patti did a nice job summarizing this, is just, we're just basically losing 2019 from the prior vintage and rolling in another year. So going from a '19 to '23 plan to a '20 to '24 plan. And as part of that roll forward, you're seeing an expansion, more of the solar generation will do attributable to the IRP, so taking on that sort of final tranche of call it 250 megawatts that will rate base. And then you couple that with additional spend, in both our electric distribution, reliability related capital investments as well as gas infrastructure spend. And so those are kind of the pieces you're seeing in the back end of that five year period.
Rejji Hayes: Well, it should increase over time, Jonathan, because keep in mind, that's largely at this point, interest expense at the parent and you know, we have $12.2 billion of capital investments that we're going to be funding over this period. And so obviously we do the best we can in terms of getting low interest rates realized in our debt financings, but we just assume that the new money will be raising that that interest expense should come up over time or increase over time. And so we do expect that segment to increase. Every now and then we overachieve of course. Because Sri and his team has been very good at getting financings at lower rates than anticipated, but it conservatively, we'll assume that that segment does increase. 
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So, and this has been, basically come out of the new, what I can call do so much but the 2016 energy law, Ali. And so we have a 1.5% year over year reduction target that we get economic incentives on. And so you take the prior year's load and then you reduced that by 1.5%. And we do that through all of the nice programs we have and rebates on led light bulbs and things of that nature. And so that's, we're historically, we've been for the last few years, our current five year plan, and we've been very public about this as part of our RRP is to expand those energy waste reduction programs. And so we're on a glide path to get to a 2% year-over-year reduction. And so that'll be about 2% of our prior year's low's and so I just want to reemphasize that we do get economic incentives on those programs. And so historically, that's been a run rate of call $34 million pretax combined electric and gas. And so as we glide path to that 2%, that amount of pretax income will crest at about $47 million for the latter years of this plan. And we anticipate about $41 million in 2020 alone as we glide path up. And so we anticipate again, 1.5% to 2% reduction in load as part of that, and remember, it also gets screwed up in the rates as we file new cases. And so that is also something worth noting. 
Rejji Hayes: Happy to. And we actually tried to get in front of that question because it comes up quite a bit by offering this new slide 16 in the presentation. But you're thinking about it Ali the right way. And so if you look at that sort of blended, weather normalized, electric load for 2019 versus 2018 1.4% down think of that as flat.  I’ll also note what's embedded in that 1.4% is a reduction in volume from a very large low margin customer. And so when you back out the effects of that large low margin customer, our weather normalized sales goes from 1.4% down to about 0.5% down. And then if you take out the effects, energy efficiency will now you're up 1%.  And you can look across all of our channels for electric and see that trend, which we think is the right way to think about it. So residential flat, so again you normalize for energy efficiency, you're up 1.5%, commercial down 1.1%, you normalize you’re up 0.5%. And we have seen those organic trends in our customer accounts just to make sure that we're not being too scientific here.  And so we feel quite good about that. And think there is very healthy economic growth in our service territory, particularly with the high margin part of our supply chain, -- our customer segments.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah. So, the plan at enterprises has been pretty straightforward for some time. And so, obviously, a dig drives the vast majority of the financial performance of enterprises. And we really have tried to derisk that business on its future earnings potential quite a bit through the energy contracts that we amended and extended about a year or so ago. And then we've also walked in good deal of our capacity open margin over the next few years as well. And so we feel like this should be pretty steady, predictable performance at enterprises. I'll also note we've done a few of these contract of renewable opportunities now the last year and a half. And so, we will look to be opportunistic if those -- if we find nice opportunities with third parties where we can get attractive returns, credit worthy counterparties. And basically, I've described very little terminal value to projects like that. And so we'll look to do those from time to time. But again, we expect the three or four look to be pretty, pretty straightforward. 
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, so we have, I'll say for 2020 guidance, we're fairly conservative in our position both in 2020. And also over the course of the five year plan. And so for electric and again, you got to keep it -- take into account that we have the energy efficiency programs embedded in that. We're assuming about, call it flat to slightly declining for electric. And so that is our working assumption for really 2020 and beyond. And it's a gas, flat to maybe slightly up based on the trends we're seeing there. And so that's our current position.  In terms of industrial activity clearly, we've talked in the past about the diversified nature of our industrial customers and our electric service territory. And I'll just remind that, folks at about 2% of our gross margin equivalent comes from the auto sector. And so yes, of course we do have exposure to companies that may have some level of exposure to export/import markets to trade war, whatever you want to call it. But, at the end of the day a lot of the margin we generate comes from our residential and commercial customers. And we continue to see very nice trends there.  And so, the industrial activity, we're obviously a very supportive of it through our economic development efforts. We do think it's important to Michigan and our efforts on the residential commercial side, but really the vast majority of our sales are driven by residential commercial margin there, and we've seen good trends. The only other data point I'll leave you with is that 1% change in our industrial estimated growth probably drives about a half a penny of EPS. And so there really isn't a significant impact when you see variation in the industrial class, because of this much lower margin.
Rejji Hayes: So Greg, what that's comprised of, it's the combination of renewable spend and certainly in the near term portion of this five year plan to get to the RPS, sorry, a renewable portfolio standard of 15% by 2021 as per the energy law. So that's the components you'll see instead of the 2020, 2021 timeframe. And we have good projects in the pipeline that we think will allow us to get there. And then the latter portion, as we've talked about in the past is a part of the IRP related renewable spend. And so again, as we start to execute on this 1.1 gigawatts trench half of which will be owned, half of which will be PPA or contracted that's what's making up the balance of that. In terms of the rate base component, we have of the 1.8 billion of capital, we plan to spend in aggregate over the five year period. It probably drives about or probably represents about 6% of rate base or thereabouts. So not all that significant at this moment, but overtime we will expect that to grow some. But the vast majority of the spend as we've talked on the past is wires and pipes. We think that's where if you really want to get the biggest bang for the buck, it's really in the investment in the safety and reliability of our system, both in gas infrastructure and electric infrastructure. And so that's where you see the vast majority of the rate base span and the rate base growth accordingly.
Patti Poppe: Well, I'll take the first part, and I'll let Rejji take the second part, Julien. The capital plan, the $25 billion capital plan, does have fluctuations year-to-year some. And you'll see, we've got a five year look in the appendix of the deck, so you can see what the plan is by year. And we do have some opportunities in that $25 billion and we talked about that after the third quarter. You know, there's certainly demand for additional spend on electric reliability and grid modernization and our gas business. And as always, we're working to balance the competing demands for capital internally, having our internal capital battles, if you will, but also making sure that our bills remain affordable, making sure that the capacity to do the work is possible. So that, we have good credibility with our regulators that we do, what we said we're going to do. And so the upside that you see in this first five year forward adding additional year is the natural fluctuation, but it all supports the $25 billion plan and that supports our 6% to 8% growth trajectory.
Patti Poppe: That's right, Michael, you've got that right. This is just the one year roll forward. So it shows the modification in the plan.
Patti Poppe: No, it's right in line with our plan to add some additional, the IRP solar that was approved as well as some additional electric reliability. And really you can plan on fluctuation between the gas, the electric, the renewable parts of the spend as the years go forward, so that we can optimize that capital spend to the benefit of customers. And, again, as mitigating the challenges that Rejji articulated around affordability balance sheet. We're always just working the plan to have the highest value capital year after year.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, I would say industrial loads that we are seeing being added actually ends up being very unrelated to automotive. Michigan is more and more diversified. We've had some big ag customer additions and some pharma additions. And so I would say if anything, we're seeing some diversification in Michigan and our makeup of our industrial rate base. But I would also say -- our industrial customer base. But I would also offer on the EV front that as the chair of the EEI electric transportation as the co-chair of that committee, I've had an opportunity to really get exposed to some of the national fleet operators. We had Amazon for example at our National EEI Meeting in January talking about their ambitions to electrify their fleet. I see that as a big opportunity. Load growth for electric per capital certainly has not had significant increases in fact it goes down in many cases as equipment gets more efficient, lighting gets more efficient. And I think that fleet potential to be actual load growth potential in the future as their ambitions materialize. Now I will tell you it's not going to sneak up on.  Because with their first of all, they need to have electric transportation at the fleet scale available, the actual vehicles, the trucks, et cetera. And that development cycle is not fast. But then we'll be working with them to cite their charging stations and make sure we maximize the benefit to the grid and minimize the addition to peak demand.  So I think it's a great opportunity, frankly for the industry. And Michigan will certainly be participants in that.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, in our next electric rate case, certainly we want to reflect the average service restoration expenses. And what we've been recovering in rates is less than what we've actually experienced on the last five year average. And so we want that to be reflected. But we also want and believe that with the age of the system that our increased spend in both the fundamental reliability of the system, we've been increasing both the actual spend as well as the requested spend, we think there's a lot of justification for that to keep up with the age of the system.  And so we'll continue to ramp the reliability spend. But we also want accurate reflection of the operating expenses associated with service restoration. And while frankly at the same time, we're working to reduce the cost of every interruption by making our processes more efficient, by making our utilizing technology to respond faster and at a lower cost. And so we're doing both simultaneously.
Patti Poppe: You know, one thing I'll tell you about our 10 year capital plan, you know, I think some people might argue that it's impossible to have a 10 year capital plan because conditions change so much or you don't know enough about the future. I can tell you our 10 year capital plan has a significant amount of meat on the bones. And what we intend to do is make sure that we are able to execute the work that we have committed to. And so I'll tell you, the ramp up of capital requires a significant operational and ability to execute and prepare the workforce. And when we hear nationally about constraints on ability to attract talent and to build out a workforce, we have to attract the workforce to deliver all that work. And so that we want to make sure is well timed and well-planned so that we do precisely what we said we're going to do.  And it's also important that from an affordability standpoint that our customers are able to pay and would value for, value the investment that we'd be making on their behalf. So really customer affordability continues to be a front of mind. And, and as an operator myself, I want to make sure my team is ready and prepared to execute the work that we commit to. It's easy to write a number in a spreadsheet. It's not a thing to go dig the trench and lay the wire and roll the trucks. So we've got to make sure that we're ready all the way around. 
Patti Poppe: No, Ali, I would suggest, particularly here in Michigan, there's nothing really being driven by the elections this fall. Certainly the presidential election is going to be a big distraction. We do have our whole house, State House, of course has two year terms and our congressional districts have two year terms. And so there's reelection.  Our governor did her state of the state last night and she doubled down on her commitment to fix the damn roads here in Michigan. That's her slogan not mine. And so we're happy to support the investment and infrastructure. And, frankly, as we do more road repairs, it's a great opportunity for us to collaborate with our Department of Transportation and our construction work here in Michigan to do our investment infrastructure at a lower cost for all citizens.  So I would say nothing though new from a legislative agenda here in Michigan.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. Well, a couple things, Travis. First of all, as I mentioned, we have this 10 year gas -- natural gas delivery plan that we filed with our case. And that plan has been well vetted with actually collaborated with our staff at the commission and its development and aligning on our priorities.  One thing I can firmly applaud our commission for is their commitment to being able to see long-term plan so they can make better decisions in a one year case. And so this 10 year gas plan we filed has a lot of meat on the bones. And I feel very good about it. You can look at our last case and see that over 90% approval of the capital that we requested is a good indicator that that work that we have committed to doing is the work that the commission would want us to do as well. So we feel good about that.  Now on the ROE, of course we feel justified in 10.5% ROE ask. And so we always make sure that we have adequate justification for that. It yields about a $25 million impact. If you take the 10.5 to 9.9. And so we recognize that the commission has a job to do. They've made it clear that they recognize that a healthy ROE is important to the utility. Low cost of capital is important for the benefit of customers and the utility. And so we look forward to seeing what the final outcome of that rate case would be. But what's more important, I think as we really take an eye on is the volume of capital and the alignment with the staff and the Commission on the work that we're doing.
Patti Poppe: Well, I'd say number one, we're always balancing the ability for our customers to afford the products so that we have a sustainable plan. And I'll also offer, and you can see, from our track record on years when there has been some favorability on a year when we could have delivered more than the midpoint we reinvested in the business. And so one of the key components of our success here is our consistent performance that you actually can set your watch to, that you can rest at night. That's our goal. And so the idea that we would start to fluctuate in pursuit of a higher target really, is not consistent with our commitment to delivering as you would expect year after year after year. And actually so at, even at this stage of the year, we're thinking two years out, not just next year. And so we're always looking for ways to pull ahead expenses, re-invest favorability for the benefit of the consistency in the long run. 
Patti Poppe: Let's see. Layers many of them. Here's one just off the top of my head. We had a team at one of our service centers, really looking at their meter management process. And when we went out to talk to them, Garrick Rochow, our Head of Operations observed that this team had this problem of meter inventory and how they were managing that inventory. And because they have these teams called fix it now teams which are empowered work teams right on the ground level focused on driving the business. They had identified this issue with their inventories of meters and identified a $2 million savings specifically that benefits that can be actually parlayed to other service centers that changed their work process.  This CE Way is becoming embedded in our organization and the ability to teach our coworkers to see and eliminate waste and improve their process. It reduces what we call their own human struggle when our coworkers see human struggle that they can reduce it often parlays into dollars, make their job easier to do, makes them more committed to the ownership of the company. And it's another good example of a real savings that get driven by real people who do the real work. And I could not be more proud of the team. Thanks for asking. We have a big debate whether I should include that in the script and I am very happy that you asked Andrew. 
Patti Poppe: You know, I would offer this David. I have mixed feelings about the IR of long-term plans. Because the reality is the system is dynamic, the demands are dynamic. One of the great strengths of our plan, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks is that we've got a lot of flexibility.  This large percent of our spend under $200 million, the ability to file every year simple concrete filings that are part of a long-term plan allow us to adjust when conditions change. And there’s no big bet strategy that we have employed for over a decade now has served as well in our ability to be flexible. And so when you lock-in a three year filing and a system like the gas system where you can have dynamism, maybe you've got new regulations, maybe there's an incident somewhere else in the country that reprioritizes our system and our investment strategy.  I personally liked the flexibility of an annual filing that allows us to go ahead and adjust as necessary. Now, the simplicity of a filing, if you've got multiyear plans certainly can be appealing. And if our commission was leaning that way, and they really preferred that, then of course, we would work with them on that. But I think the idea of that we’re dynamic and so as our plan has more relevance to our ability to deliver consistently.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, I'd say the natural gas side, it's all about the efficiency of getting the work done. And with every dollar of capital there's still associated O&M that comes with that. So when we can make our capital more efficient, we can make our O&M more efficient. So we continue to work on our unit costs, on driving our unit costs, on reducing waste from our the ability to execute work, our leak backlog and leak response as a large O&M expense. And so when we make the capital investments that reduce vintage services and service lines and vintage mains, for example, we’re able to reduce operating costs. And we just completed also large capital project on our automated meter reading for our gas meters. And that helps reduce O&M expense as well that obviously reduces the daily walkthrough of someone's backyard and walking down into their basement to read their meter. We cannot do drive by meter reads that's significantly more efficient and safer for our workforce.  So there's lots of operating expense benefits to waste elimination in the gas business as well.
Patti Poppe: You know, Andrew, EnerBank is really a valued part of the CMS family. They had a great year. And that's really what we think about EnerBank. They were a great contribution here last year, and in many years in the past.
Patti Poppe: Well, thanks, Chad. And thanks again, everyone for joining us this morning. We certainly look forward to seeing you throughout the year. 2020 is going to be a great one. Thanks so much. 
