Patti Poppe: Thanks, Rejji. With our unique self-funding model, enhanced by the CE Way, a large and aging system in need of capital investments, a constructive regulatory framework, and a healthy balance sheet to fund our plan cost effectively, we believe our financial performance is sustainable over the long-term. With that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Patti Poppe: That's correct, Greg. We always adapt, and as we mentioned, we're ahead of our own plan, and so we're very confident in our ability to continue to deliver as always.
Patti Poppe: Well first of all, yes, Ludington is storage and it's 2,200 megawatts of storage. So yes we love that. In fact, as you've been there, Greg, I know you visited the site. We have six of the world's largest motors at that location six 500,000 horsepower motors. It is a sight to be seen. So anyone who hasn't been there, open invitation. But yes, so obviously we have a lot of experience actually pricing in storage on a daily basis. What we're waiting for and I think we do see more storage and in fact in our IRP, we have storage towards the latter half of the plan. What we're waiting for is the price curve. And I'm very confident that price curve will materialize. And with all the research that's underway with lithium ion for vehicles today, but maybe there will be a breakthrough in solid state. I look forward to that. I think storage is going to be important on the grid to balance voltage and do voltage control for our solar installations that are going to be distributed across the state. So we are hopeful for storage and a technological breakthrough in that but we don't need it to execute our IRP plan until the last part of the 20-year plan.
Patti Poppe: Yes, Jonathan, great question. We're going to phase it and we're going from 1.5% in our electric business energy efficiency to 2% and it's when we get to that 2% that it takes it to $44 million and that'll be mid-2020.
Patti Poppe: To be clear, we're really excited about that FCM it gives us optionality in the best way to have the lowest cost energy, delivery, and supply. We're very happy with the outcome of the IRP. We think it really reflects our values and we think it reflects our business model and it just allows our business model of ample CapEx backed up by our ability to do it at the lowest cost to protect customers from affordability constraints. It really fits right into our plan.
Patti Poppe: Well to be clear there's a range of solar advocates. We had the Sierra Club, the NRDC sign on to our settlement and certainly their solar advocates. I guess I would consider as solar advocates. We all agree that solar has an important role to play here in Michigan matches our load profile extremely well and combined with things like Ludington and Karn, as Rejji mentioned, we've got a really nice mix of supply. So the conversation has been how to do that at the lowest cost possible. And we feel very excited about the competitive bidding process for the supply resources. We think that's an important stand to take on behalf of the people of Michigan that we want to make sure we have the lowest cost resources on the system and have optionality around the CapEx surrounds that, so that we can invest the next best dollar where it needs to be invested in the entire system. I would say some of the large out-of-state kind of profit maximizing solar developers don't love the outcome because they're going to have to compete on price and not lean on PREPA. And that PREPA loophole doesn't work. And it saddles the Michigan customers with unnecessary high priced solar. And so I would suggest that our commitment to competitive bidding really change the nature of the discussion here in Michigan that we're going to stand for the lowest cost and cleanest energy resources for the people that we serve.
Patti Poppe: I would also offer that the capital opportunities on our entire system are not -- we don't require all of our investment to go into supply. It's not; I would say the investment mix of the past. The opportunity to have distributed resources is going to require a significant amount of grid investment as well to make sure that we can integrate those distributed resources into the grid and make sure that our reliability is high. So the mix between distribution and supply is going to shift to distribution as well as in our gas system. And so when I talk about looking for the next best place to put a capital dollar, everyone can remember and always remember that this is not a question of building up rate base. This is a question of how best to affordably deliver the capital that delivers the customer value and customer service, the reliability; all of those things are driven by how much capital is required in the system. So the system needs are driving the CapEx. We're not trying to backfill CapEx and searching for CapEx and using supply as a means of doing that. We're trying to figure out the best way to deliver the services for customers with all the CapEx that needs to be done and to be able to do that affordably.
Patti Poppe: That's a fair characterization. At the end of the day, we wanted to first of all be toward agnostic around who builds and who owns these assets. We wanted to make sure that we had the proper alignment that we have the lowest cost supply resources on the system. And so conceptually, what we're talking about is making sure that the reflection on our balance sheet of our being this high quality off-taker for any kind of contract there's no way a developer gets that contract or the financing approved without us being the off-taker that that's reflected and there's an impact on our balance sheet at least the way S&P calculates. And so conceptually that's what the FCM is intended to represent. And so we're very happy with this outcome. We think it's a new standard and it really gives us a position to advocate for customers fully.
Patti Poppe: Well it is and it worked for the 2008 Energy Law as we filed subsequent IRPs. We could revisit it. We actually didn't go in asking for the opportunity that our original filing did not include an opportunity for us to be guaranteed, the right to own. But through the discussions and that's what's healthy about a settlement process you can have really in-depth discussions with the parties to come to a conclusion that everyone really can live with. And so the settlement process has served, I think the people of Michigan very well in this scenario and certainly you, our investors, are equally well served through the outcome of this IRP.
Patti Poppe: Praful, the cost savings as far as I can see and it's certainly the PPAs, I like to call those are well -- I call them our cash for clunkers because those PPAs are out of market. They're high priced and when we replace those with fuel free energy, it really is an amazing combination to grow earnings while we're reducing costs for customers. So certainly we've got in the five-year plan ample cost savings but beyond that our abilities that we are creating to our consumers energy way to see and eliminate waste on demand are still in their early stages. I'm just watching the team really develop the skills to see and eliminate waste that reduces the human struggle for our co-workers as they're attempting to serve customers and at the same time reduces costs and improves the customer experience. And so rest assured there is our simple, unique business model has lots of runway. This model lives; we've got ample CapEx, lots of costs yet to be reduced. And then that just protects our customers from affordability constraints and enables positive regulatory outcomes and improves service to customers every single day. So rest easy the model live.
Patti Poppe: Well we do have 525 megawatts of additional wind that we're going to be adding to achieve our renewable portfolio standard in the near-term so that's underway. What we see about wind is it's getting harder and harder to site. And so as we did the analysis for the long-term, distributed solar really matches the load curve here in Michigan combined with we do have 1,200 megawatts of base load gas plus the Ludington pump storage. We have our base load power really available. And so solar because it's distributed, because it's modular, because we can build it fast, and because that cost curve is occurring so fast that we really do see that combined with the current one we have the 525 additional megawatts of wind is the right mix.
Patti Poppe: I think I would say that because of the way the law was written and then we do these ongoing filings, it does mean the plan is adaptable and can change over time. If we do demonstrate that we're the most cost effective then I think that will be compelling. What I would suggest is that being able to build 50% is a really great position to be in and being able to then deploy our capital elsewhere in other parts of our system that are in high demand really works for our model because again I can't overemphasize the amount of capital that the system demands relative to customers ability to pay and the balance sheet to be able to afford, it's a constant internal battle for where the next best capital dollar is. And so having some optionality on the supply side actually really works for us especially with the SCM. It really is a great mix for us in our opinion and as we do future filings of course the plan can adapt and change as conditions change and that's really the secret, one of the secrets I would say at CMS. There's no big bet strategy. Modular, adaptable, changing conditions, whether it's weather or politics or the economy this is what's special about us. We adapt to those changing conditions because we can because we don't have big bets. As I mentioned only 15% of our $11 billion CapEx plan are projects over $200 million and half of those are preapproved renewable projects. So the fact that our plan has so much flexibility in it going forward is part of our strength and part of the secret that we can continue to deliver year after year after year that premium growth six to eight reliably.
Patti Poppe: Yes, it's ahead of the retirements because obviously we don't want to wait for the retirement date and then start to build the solar, so we front feet, I would say the plan and then it spreads across the time horizon up to the point that our last coal unit Campbell 3 retires. And so it really is a relatively smooth across the 20-year time horizon. But just again as conditions change, load materializes more or less that's the strength of this plan that it's modular and we can adapt.
Patti Poppe: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning and we certainly look forward to seeing you all out on the road.
Rejji Hayes: Greg, the only point I would add is in addition to Ludington, as you likely know, we also have peaking capacity in the form of our Karn 3&4 facilities which is over a gigawatt. So that also supports us as we flush out the renewable plant.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, I would say it's certainly more backend weighted and I would say it's more weighted towards Q3 and Q4, you'll get a little bit of pickup in Q2 but mostly Q3 and Q4. And the reason why that is, Jonathan, is we had lower capacity sales and that had to do with the fact that we had to basically sell about 400 megawatts of capacity at dig in the planning reserve auction in MISO in mid-2018. And as you know the planning year runs from basically May of the prior year to June of the subsequent year and so we've got about two quarters of exposure in 2019 of those lower capacity sales. And the reason why, as you may recall, we had to subject ourselves MISO planning reserve auction is that we held 400 megawatts of capacity in escrow effectively at gas part of the potential Palisades early termination in 2017. And so we'll wear that for a couple of quarters. It's in our plan and so we would expect that that would recover over time, we've already sold through capacity through 2020. And so we feel pick up some in Q2 but most of it in Q3 and Q4.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, you would think because again we've sold capacity through 2020 around $2 to $3 per kilowatt month. And so we would expect to get a more favorable comp in Q1 of 2020 certainly versus Q1 of 2019.
Rejji Hayes: Michael, it's good question. So just to be clear the 5.88% that does reflect our WACC or weighted average cost of capital and that was what was agreed to in the settlement. And so we think that's the appropriate level for an FCM particularly given the fact that we'll be able to own and rate base effectively half of the solar investment opportunity over the next few years. And so the 1,100 megawatts that we agreed to effectively through 2024 will get 550 megawatts of that. And then, as you know, the filing and the IRP itself is an iterative process per the statute. And so we've agreed put a settlement to file again in June of 2021, so we'll see what the fact pattern is at that point. Obviously cost of capital moves all the time and so it makes sense to adjust it at that point and suggest something else we'll look to do that at that point.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So, Julien, good question. I would say as it pertains to the five year plan, we don't see a great deal of, I will say, capital investment impact in our five year plan. So, as you know, we're at about just over a $11 billion most of which is wires and pipes capital investment, we've got $1 billion of renewables in our plan but that's largely attributable to wind build out basically to get to the 15% RPS. And so a lot of the capital investment opportunity that's coming out of this settlement agreement is really beyond this five-year plan. So you'll see some of it. We'll take ownership of some of it kind of in the 2022, 2023 period but not a great deal. It's also worth noting that you're going to have Karn 1&2 in the outer years of our plan come out, if we succeed in retiring that plant in 2023 as promised. And so when you think about the puts and takes, you'll see probably a net neutral impact, I'd say in the next five to six years now. The bigger opportunity going forward is, as you look, at the incremental five gigawatts that will build out over the next decade plus I think in year's six to 10 of a potential 10 year plan, you'll see more significant capital investments on the solar side. And so there could be upside there and again we've talked about in the back half of this year offering a new 10-year plan which likely reflects some of that. And then if you think about the capacity build out, I'll say a couple of decades from now in our capacity plan, we're going to be losing over time about four gigawatts of capacity. So you're going to see two gigawatts come out in the form of the MCV and Palisades PPAs and then another two gigawatts come off over the next 20 years retire -- as we retire the coal fleet and so substantial capital investment opportunity on the solar side over time. And we think that offers potentially around $3 billion of capital investment opportunities to think about the spend on the capital side through 2030. So quite a bit of opportunity but early days of course.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, that's -- that's right. So you basically in the outer years of plan, you'll start to take ownership of some of that 550 megawatts. But again as we always talk about the constraint on our capital is really affordability and so we think based on the five-year plan, we rolled on our Q4 call that little over $11 billion of aggregate capital investment is what our customers can comfortably afford as well as our balance sheet I might add. And so the composition of that capital investment program may change a touch as we look at the outer years of the plan. But I would say for now it's primarily wires and pipes. Again you may get additional solar but we think $11 billion is right at this point in time.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So you're right, Andrew, and so the 5.88% WACC that we agreed to as part of the financial compensation mechanism that is on an after-tax basis, it does take into account what I'll call about 20% or just under that of deferred federal income taxes that are a component of a rate making capital structure. I can't tell you exactly when that will amortize down to zero. But I can say directionally if you think about the glide path for refunding customers effectively, the deferred income taxes that we collected over the last several years as part of normalization and then also as part of the settlement for unprotected assets and liabilities at some point will be returned to customers. I would say you'd have a gradual somewhere between $35 million to $45 million reduction in that deferred federal income tax component of a rate making capital structure over the next several years. So probably 35 to 45 years depending on the asset class, electric amortizes a little faster because it has a shorter useful life than the gas assets. And so my sense is about 35 to 45 years that ticks down.
Rejji Hayes: That's right. And I would just qualify it a little bit. We expect it to be about a partial cash taxpayer at that point and more closely to a fully -- a full cash taxpayer by about 2024.
Rejji Hayes: There may be a touch of it spills in the second quarter but I wouldn't say it's a material amount. And it's also important to note that Filer yes, it's a contributor to enterprises performance but it's not a significant contributor, dig really dictates the vast majority of the financial performance of enterprises.
