Patti Poppe: Shar, thanks for asking. We've tried to be really transparent here. We have a track record of offsetting negative impacts, the EPS, as you mentioned, ranging in as much $0.10 to 0.15. We also have a track record of transparency, which is why we've tried to be as direct and forthcoming as we can about the C&I sales that have dropped 20% to 25% versus expectations. And with then the offsetting residential sales up over 5%, the earnings impact, as you've mentioned and what we've said, is $0.03 to $0.04 per month under the current condition. Now, here's the variables. How fast will businesses bounce back? How soon will people gather in public spaces? How quickly will manufacturers be able to start making non-essential goods again? Our stay at home order is still in place till May 15. Will the government stimulus help so that the small businesses can come back after this? At this point, there's just too many unknowns, Shar. And so, while we'll continue to remain conservative, we don't feel that we know enough right now. And so I guess I would offer this thing. One thing you can count on us to do is to call it straight. We've never over promised and under delivered, and nor have we really under promised and over delivered. We do what we say. I'm comfortable in the fact that our long-term fundamentals are the same and our short term actions will stand the test of time. One of the things, Shar, I think about a lot is that our customers, our coworkers and our regulators will long remember how we handle these temporary times. I feel good about that because we're doing the right things and we like always are acting with the long-term in mind and the long-term outlook has not changed and our fundamentals remain sound. So, as we think about any adjustments we would make this year or any actions we would take this year, we're always thinking about the next year and the next. And so, we're balancing all of those factors and doing everything we can to serve the triple bottom line.
Patti Poppe: What I would say is our historical performance is a good indicator, but we've also -- now we're about four years into the CE Way and that thing is on overdrive. And our team is on the job. They're looking for waste elimination all across the organization. We have 1,254 projects already identified this year. Start the day, time reduction. Some of the things that we're doing now as a result of the crisis, such as jobsite reporting, are actually saving money. And so, it's both the combination of current factors. There's current environmental things that allow us to save money plus our CE Way and the waste elimination and our ability to deploy our team to as much long-term capital work are the kinds of ways that we see tackling this challenge in a sustainable way. We're always thinking about the next year and the next. And so the cost savings that we would do would only be those that don't do damage to the future. The one thing, we think about we're not going to pull out all the stops and do damage to future years to hit some kind of unreasonable outcome this year. We're going to be in it for the long haul. And I think that's why people trust us and invest in us. 
Patti Poppe: We have a limited exposure to auto, less than 2% tier one suppliers plus the automotive themselves to our margin. What we're seeing is more the stay home order closed all restaurants, it closed all retail other than non-essential retail like grocery. And so that's where we're really seeing a lot -- and small manufacturers that aren't making essential goods. As I mentioned, my husband and I did this fund and so we've had an opportunity to look at all of the applications just in Jackson County and it's a whole range of things, golf courses, restaurants, bakeries, retail, little manufacturing shops, welding shops. They're in a holding pattern right now, waiting for the order to be lifted. And some of those businesses, even after the order is lifted, will be affected by people's reticence to gather in groups. Others will get right back at it. And so, we see a balance between some of them just purely waiting for May 15, and they'll be back on it full time. And there'll be others that may have a demand reduction because of people's fear. And so, again, there's a lot of unknowns. And fortunately, our smart meter data is very accurate and we can see real-time what's happening and it helps us make better decisions and better choices.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, Steve, I would say 10% total is a decent bogey that -- for our customer base as well. You're in the neighborhood for sure.
Patti Poppe: Well, we always deal with seasonality and the weather and that's what we certainly -- weather and storms, we've done a good job overcoming. In this scenario, there are so many, I would suggest the bigger drivers than just the weather that seasonality is obviously clearly a variable, but not nearly as much as some of the unknowns associated with the rate the businesses return to action. I don't know, Rejji, you might want to add something to that though. Go ahead.
Patti Poppe: Well, I'll just chime in. One last thing, Steve, that one of the points that we recognize is that even after an order is lifted, it's likely -- and I'm hearing from a lot of businesses that they'll keep their staff, their people working from home if they can. And so that residential bump may continue into the summer months and obviously air conditioning load is a big driver in Michigan to sales in the summertime. And so, if all of those folks are still or if a lot of people are still working from home that obviously has a favorable impact in the summer months.
Patti Poppe: So, next year we'll be implementing a more of a summer peak rate, but it's generally about the same throughout the year.
Patti Poppe: We are watching that. The -- one of the things with the uncollectible accounts is they do lag. And so we can see to some degree, it's very early. If you can imagine, it's at a minim a 30-day lag so before we know if somebody didn't pay their bill. And so sometimes the uncollectible accounts really take almost three to six months to show up and to really be accounted for. And so, we're watching -- we're seeing a slight uptick, but it's early. It's -- we haven't even crossed all of the cycles for some of the customers. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah. The cases are filed. Our gas case we filed in December and our electric case we filed here in February. So, there's not a clean way to have a significant substantive change to sales and frankly it would be hard to do it because we have forward test years. So what sales figure would we predict? So, we expect that our rate cases will continue as planned and because we do annual filings in the future, if there's a permanent degradation to sales, then we would reflect it. But it's pretty hard to capture a temporary degradation in sales like the one we're seeing in any kind of active filing. The good news is that our commission has been very supportive, just a shout out to the Michigan Public Service Commission and all their folks for adapting so quickly to this changing condition. They've already started holding their meetings and conducting business remotely through webcast. They too have had a significant impact. So thanks to all of them for acting so quickly and working with us on this new order for the CV-19 costs as well as the uncollectible accounts and trying to make sure that we, as a utility, are in a position to serve our customers well, do what's right, care for our most vulnerable customers and know that we can still function in a strong financial position that that reflects the capital attraction that we need to demonstrate. And so, great partnership with the commission and all their team, working so hard to just figure out these unknowables together. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah. Right now, we're not seeing that in the plan. And in fact, we're working hard to make sure that -- for example, our power plants because energy load and demand is down, are an economic reserve, a couple of our coal plants. And so that gives us an opportunity to pull ahead of capital outage at that plant earlier in the year than we had originally planned. So, I don't -- we don't have any plans in the near term to have any adjustment to our capital plan. In fact, we're going to really work hard to make sure we keep that plan on track. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah, the -- it -- because DIG is basically fully contracted, it doesn't have any certain impact on 2020, minimal in 2021, but there could be some out year impact that could be beneficial. But again, just keep in mind the DIG is predominantly contracted as Rejji had mentioned with high quality off taker. We are pleased with the outcome of that order though, and shout out to our legal team took it all the way to, the Supreme Court of Michigan did a great job advocating for the Public Service Commission and their authority to require a local clearing requirement. The law that we worked so hard to pass back in 2016, that was a fundamental element of it to make sure that Michigan as a Peninsula Zone 7 has adequate supply to serve the load. And with our kind of hybrid retail open access 10%, it does put at risk reliability in the state. So very happy with that outcome and very thankful and proud of my legal team for the great work that they did. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah. So, we've benefited -- and remember it's just a cash benefit, but about $30 million of AMT credits, we'll pull forward in 2020, that would have originally been refunded in 2021. Again, that just affects cash, not earnings in any way.
Patti Poppe: So, Julien and I know everyone wants precision in these uncertain times. And there's a reason why the word unprecedented is like the number one word in youth these days. We just haven't been here before. So, as we said, it's just too soon for us to update our guidance. And it would mean that we know exactly how to help -- how the health crisis ends, how the economy will look afterwards, and frankly we don't know. And so, there are reasons to believe in a bounce back. The federal stimulus is working or watching. It helps small businesses, but can the businesses get access to it? Construction, manufacturing, ag can bounce back quickly and work safely, but will there be demand? I talked to an office furniture CEO, most of the office furniture in the world is made right here in Michigan and I talked to one of the CEOs last week and they may be at all time highs because they save workplaces need to be reorganized and new furniture is going to be required or maybe none of us are reporting to an office ever again. There's just a lot of changes. Will there be a drive in residential electricity demand? We've talked about that already. Maybe there will be. The shelter in place order can be lifted, but how long will people feel -- will it be before people feel safe to congregate in a public gathering. I don't know. We don't know. But here's what we do know, Julien. We know that we need our coworkers healthy and motivated to do our capital plan and it's a good infrastructure plan that serves the people of Michigan. We need our regulators to trust that we're doing what's right and taking care of both our coworkers and our customers. We need our customers to be with us and to survive this pandemic and be open for business when it's over, which is why we're working so hard to serve them with new information and help them navigate the circumstances.  What we can do is continue to run this business and look to mitigate costs and risks as they come up and never lose focus. And as I mentioned earlier on the long-term fundamental they're solid, right? The fundamentals of the business are the same. How we handle it in this temporary condition, as I mentioned, will be long remembered and so the cost savings, additional cost savings, what we would do to mitigate it are all going to be with an eye on the future. We're not going to take short term risks on a tomorrow's performance. And so, we're going to do our darnedest, us, how we think and how we operate. Again, our CE way is a great source of comfort to me, because we've actually developed some real capability across the organization and just in overdrive as I mentioned. So, given all that, I would say, it's too soon to say, but trust me, we're not waiting on the sidelines to figure it out. 
Patti Poppe: Well, we're going to have to see. We'll be filing our response. They've asked for comments, which is a very important and constructive. We need to hear from a lot of people as we make these determinations. Once the accounting is clarified and we've got certainty about that, then we can account for it. And then we'll have benefits obviously in 2020. They've been pretty clear about the uncollectible expenses as a result of a mandate to not shut off our most vulnerable customers, our seniors and low-income through June 1. And so, they've been pretty clear about those uncollectible expenses and the accounting treatment thereof, but it's really some of the other expenses and exactly the timing of that uncollectible when it materializes et cetera. So, others will be weighing in, and certainly I can't speak for the MPSC, but I can just say that we're working together to make sure that we're able to serve the most vulnerable constructively.
Patti Poppe: Well, I've been doing all the talking, so I'm going to hand it over to Rejji. He is the Chairman of the EnerBank Board. I'll let him speak about the great work that the EnerBank team is up to. Go ahead, Rejji. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah, first of all, as I mentioned, Andrew, the bulk of our gas is certainly during the heating season and that is behind us. That ends in March. And so, the $0.03 to $0.04 represents electric and gas for your sensitivity. 
Patti Poppe: Affordability is always factored into our filings to begin with. And so, for example, gas, our gas bills or customer's bills are down 30%, because of commodity benefits. And so, I personally think there's no time like now with the commodity prices where they are and how it's clear they're going to remain where they are, that we make the system safer. The system safety and the priority of the infrastructure investments on that system don't change because of this. And thankfully the commodity price is so low, so we can continue to keep our bills affordable both on the electric and the gas. And net-net, we're starting to really pay attention to the percent of household wallet that our bills play and they're in the 3% to 3.5% combined gas and electric. And we feel like that's extremely affordable. And so that's always been the focus in our cases and it will continue to be, but we feel good given the combination of the commodity price plus the value that the infrastructure investments has for customers.
Patti Poppe: I think their concerns are consistent with concerns in the past that we will be concerned and they are too. And so we're pretty well aligned in that attention and focus. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah, our big projects this year are a couple of wind projects that are scheduled to close by year-end. And both of those are on track. We have been issued force majeure letters, but that doesn't mean that work stops. It's just sort of a forewarning that there may be a shortage in access to equipment, whether it's turbines or some other equipment. So we have been notified, but to date the projects have not been delayed. And so we are on track. We've continued construction through this time period. And so, as of now everything is on track. 
Patti Poppe: Yeah, I would suggest that there's no plan changed or dividend policy or strategy. Things would have to change very dramatically for there to be a change in that light. So, we have a board meeting next week. We'll be reviewing with them. Certainly our -- or later this week rather, we've got a board meeting, and so we'll obviously be talking with them about a range of scenarios, but none of those scenarios at this time contemplate any change to the dividend policy. 
Patti Poppe: Well, Durgesh, thank you for asking. I've been waiting to share my story of the month. I'm just going to assume that's what you're asking me for. So, here we go. Even in these times. So in fact, I think this one might be the story of this era. We've discovered that we can work remotely. So, let me just give you some numbers. So, in an annual period, we typically spend about $10 million a year reimbursing mileage. We have a large geographic service area and people have felt compelled to be in person for meetings and events. Frankly, I'm the one who makes them. I like to see people, I like to be with people. So I say, hey, come on out, be in person. But based on this circumstance in the COVID-19, we've been forced to learn to use technology and it's working actually. And it's sort of a triple bottom line story of the month, because first of all, people are safer certainly at this time because of COVID, but also minimizing mileage and driving, reduces the risk of a vehicle accident. The plan is better off with less vehicle emissions and our profits are better because the costs are lower. So, we can do video calls. They work. I used to avoid the face to face video calls. We just do the dial in and they're not the same. And we've learned and frankly I think there's a business to be had for the Judy Jetson masks. And if you're too young to know what I'm talking about, just YouTube Judy Jetson mask. There's an opportunity because sometimes we don't want to see our messy hair and without the salons being open, everyone's hair's looking pretty messy and the dog's barking. But the truth be told. We set this big ambition that we come together by staying apart and we're finding our culture is getting activated. People actually are coming closer. It's very interesting time. But on the fundamental cost, $10 million in mileage, you can bet we're going to be reimbursing less than that. There's other things that we do on the waste elimination. We've got a host, as I said 1,254 projects. Some of it is shortening our -- what's called non-premise time. When a crew goes to a service center, shows up to pick up materials and then reports to the jobsite, there can be an hour there that is considered non-premise time. That's expense. Their capital work doesn't commence until they start on the jobsite. So, the fact that we can get people to jobsites more quickly and we're re redesigning our supply chain so the materials can be available on site as opposed to people having to come to service centers is actually another great example of how this current circumstances is creating innovation, but permanent waste elimination that we can deploy in years to come.
Patti Poppe: Well, as I mentioned, we've had force majeure notices on some of our large renewable projects, but they're not affecting the timing or the outcome of those projects at this time.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, so a hiring freeze is obviously temporary, but things like -- we've started using technology and we were just starting this before the pandemic. That's why I'm so grateful that our CUA has been in place now for several years, because we've been deploying capabilities to our top waste opportunities. So, here's a great example. We've been what's called auto dispatching a storm proof. So, in the past we would wait for, in that -- call it a year ago -- we would have a customer call us, notify that their power was out. We would start to aggregate all that data in a dispatch center and then a person would determine, okay, we have this many outages on this circuit and they would schedule a crew. Well, now, we have automated all of that. We've used our digital capabilities, our IT team and our engineering and operations teams have been working together and agile teams actually all across the company. But this is one example of how they now auto dispatch storm crews. It saves 30 minutes on an outage per customer. And it eliminates the actual work of doing the dispatching, because it's done by a computer. It's more accurate and it's cheaper. So, it's just things like that all across the company. I think it's tempting for management teams to want to have big line items. We're a believer in the CUA and our continuous improvement mindset says little line items all across the company are going to be more sustainable and have grander benefits in the long run to both the experience for customers, as well as our fundamental cost structure.
Patti Poppe: That is correct. We have one large customer who had some contracts bought out at the end -- actually part way through last year. And so, they're reflected in last year sales and this year sales. And they're operating now, so they are actually essential, which is good. But they are at diminished load, so they are a portion of that 20% to 25%.
Patti Poppe: That's right. That's right. And it's, and it's been true on the other side as well, that when we've had favorability, we've pulled in costs and I'm prepared for the next year. And so the thing that I don't want loss on anyone, it's that we are always preparing, not just for this quarter or this year, but for years to come. And that's what has made us so reliable at delivering and doing exactly what we said we're going to do. And so that flex has upside and downside. That's why slide 6 shows that -- that range of up and down and obviously this is a down year and we are doing everything we can to leverage our skills and capability of adapting in that range.
Patti Poppe: There's one other aspect of the local clearing requirement that is still being determined and it's a very procedural element, but fundamentally reauthorize -- reconfirming that the public service commission has the authority to establish a local clearing requirement, was a very important outcome. They have returned then the proceedings, the procedures back to the MPSC for implementation. So there's -- it still needs to be implemented, I guess I should say, but it -- the order was very important in the ruling by the Supreme court was very important. 
Patti Poppe: Not yet, but we do know, we do have call volume from business and residential customers asking for a -- what we would call grace and extension of payment plans. And so, we are doing that. As we talk to these businesses, they typically have three big concerns. One is, rent as you described. Two is payroll. Three, is utilities. And so, we've been able to be a source of support to them and we feel comfortable extending those payment plans but that doesn't necessarily then translate into an uncollectable, particularly for our business customers and so -- and we've got some really good community action agencies and support resources for residential customers that can help them make their payments on time in the short run as well. So, I would suggest that our forecast isn't good yet. There's more to come and more to learn and certainly by Q2, we'll have a much better eye on, being able to quantify that. 
Patti Poppe: Thank you, Allison. And again, thank you everyone for joining us today on our call. Please continue to stay safe and be well and you know, we really look forward to seeing you face to face when we can. We miss you all. Thanks so much.
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, so, we don't have -- if you're talking about post Q1 beyond March 31, we do not have a full read across all of our customers, because smart meter data…
Rejji Hayes: … [indiscernible] good portion of our customers are select classes of large industrial and commercial customers that do not have smart meter data available. We do get good anecdotal evidence from those customers and do get good visibility, but we don't get perfect information really until we get to the end of the quarter. So, there are some limitations in that. But I would say, Steve, going back to Patti's comments, the 20% to 25% we highlight here again that is not indicative of all of our customers, but it's a decent read for now for that monthly read that we've offered from late March through kind of mid to late April. So that's a -- again, it's not a every single customer, but it's a decent portion of them.
Rejji Hayes: The only thing I would add is that it's certainly the timing of this is -- somewhat fortunate because we do expect higher volumes as it starts to go a little warmer particularly in the residential class now. So, we'll see more industrial activity sort of as you get past those shoulder months. And so, the timing of this, I guess if you could it happen at any time, which you don't root for, this would be the time to have it. And so certainly there are greater expectations for load once you get beyond sort of the March/April timeframe.
Rejji Hayes: Thanks Patti. And good morning, Stephen. So Stephen, I would say that -- and that's certainly we did see a little bit of a slowdown in March on origination volume, but we've actually been encouraged with what we're seeing in April. And it's important to note a couple of things. So, every state has a different approach to the executive orders that have rolled out, but financial service is deemed an essential service and that's a federal mandate. And so, we've managed to continue our underwriting and also, construction projects that are work in progress or quipped. For all intents and purposes, those bits of work have also been permitted to continue on. And so, we really haven't seen the type of slowdown you would anticipate for some of the loans that EnerBank has historically underwritten.  So, I would say encouraged by what we're seeing in April unsurprisingly, a little bit of a slowdown in March. And we still think, they started the quarter off or the year off pretty well, about a penny above the prior year. And we're only asking for about a penny to two of growth year-over-year for them and they appear to be on track. And so, the other opportunities as you think about origination volume is also on the gain share side. And so what we've seen in the past, particularly in 2008/2009 is you had a lot of weaker capitalized competitors who kind of fell by the wayside. And we've already seen anecdotally some large customers come our way, because they know that EnerBank is in it for the long haul. This is their primary focus. And so, we've actually taken some share, which we also did in 2008/2009. And so, just existing originations and continuing to execute on our plan as well as taking share also create opportunities this year. And so, we feel good about the road ahead where we sit at this point. 
Rejji Hayes: Sure. Great. So, yeah, we look at that range and it's based on what we've done historically over the last several years. And so, we've seen that level of negative variance in a quarter. We've seen over the course of the year, but we've managed to and in historical context, overcome levels of flex of that magnitude or levels of negative variance of that magnitude. As I look at this year we certainly think that $0.10 to $0.15 year to go is certainly within us. And let's just think about what that math equates to. So, on the low end about $40 million pretax, on the high end call it $60 million to $65 million. And when you think about our year to go spend, we've got about a $1 billion of, I'll say, actionable opportunities between operating and non-operating cost pools. So that reduction equates to a little more than 5%, which is certainly within us. And so not to suggest it's easy and to Patti's earlier point, we're not going to do anything that's rash or detrimental to the years to come. And so, we do feel like it's within us, but at the end of the day we'll have to see how this situation in Michigan materializes, and we'll make prudent decisions as we always do.
Rejji Hayes: Andrew, you also asked about just process and timing. And the only thing I would add to that end is that the commission has -- like a lot of organizations and businesses and Michigan has transitioned quite nicely to mass teleworking and they have not missed a beat to date. And so, we've had very close communications with them. They have managed to keep up their adjudicated processes. And we also highlighted that they had a meeting on the 15th where they gave us that very constructive order on the COVID-19 related costs. So, they are on track, but it's also worth noting that per the statute, there was a 10-month stipulated period. And so in the event there are delays. We do have the legal right to self implement at that 10-month period, which for gas is around mid March and for electric it's in very late December.
Rejji Hayes: Andrew, one more thing, just to circle back, apologies, but the gas -- the timing of that is mid October, I mentioned mid-March. Mid October, excuse me. 
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, happy to. Yeah. So the quick answer is, working capital actually has been fairly smooth or I'll just say aligning with plan. As mentioned we have no CP outstanding and generally that would be, I'll say, a supplemental source of financing if we saw unpredictable working capital swings. But we obviously have been able to manage the working capital volatility to date, and there hasn't been much of that. And so we have not seen at this point any really material changes in working capital. But as Patti highlighted earlier, there's a bit of a lag when it comes to receivables aging. And so we'll continue to keep an eye on that. We obviously are very flush up from a cash perspective as evidenced by our proactive financings that we did at the end of the quarter. So, a little over $700 million in cash in that plus our evolving facility capacity gets us about $2.3 billion net liquidity position. So, we certainly feel like we have enough dry powder to manage any future volatility. But I haven't seen a whole lot to date to be honest. 
Rejji Hayes: Yeah, because -- so Paul, it was a combination of two things. So one, it was just the absence of an outage and Q1, so Filer City, did an outage last year. And so there was the absence of that and then just good cost performance at enterprises. And so that's really what drove the $0.04 positive variance. 
Rejji Hayes: Thank you. Gentlemen, this will conclude our question and answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Patti Poppe for any closing remark.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to give congrats on all the community outreach efforts that you all are making. It looks like a lot of great stuff going on.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to -- a lot of my questions have been addressed, but just on the EnerBank side of things, could you just talk a little bit more about new business opportunities that you're seeing? I guess I'm certainly not a bank analyst, but I would have thought sort of home improvement activity would be going down a great deal, but I was just curious what you're seeing on certain new business.
Stephen Byrd: That's really helpful, Rejji. Thank you. And then just one other question on your 2020 EPS slide 11. More of a housekeeping item, but just you mentioned the historical flex range of $0.10 to $0.15 on that slide. And I just wondered what timeframe? Is that annual, is that for the nine months to go? I just want to make sure I understood that.
