Patti Poppe: Thanks, Rejji. Our investment thesis is compelling and we’ll serve our customers, our planet, and our investors for years to come. And with that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Patti Poppe: We don’t give 10-year guidance. We do that on an annual basis and give you a good window looking forward in the near-term. But the 10-year capital plan certainly supports directionally 6% to 8%. And so that’s really part of what we’re trying to share today, that we’ve got not just kind of a holding number, but an actual plan for capital investments across the system that will – should lead to our continued performance.
Patti Poppe: Well, it’s in the base plan. So we know based on our IRP what our 20-year renewable strategy is. We know that we’ll own half and purchase half of the new solar 6,000 megawatts in the 20 years, 5,000 megawatts in the 10 years. So that’s built into the base plan.
Patti Poppe: Well, so there’s a couple of good things to know that. Number one, our energy law that we did pass in 2016 was solid, and it created a framework that led to the IRP. The IRP gives three-year forward look for approval. So we have a three-year approval on the elements of the integrated resource plan and our renewable plans in particular. And it was so well received that we think some of these smaller proposals that are part of that package really aren’t necessary because we’ve created this framework for competitive bidding for solar. I think some of the proposals that are on the table are trying to do an end around and they’re not getting much traction. So the good news is the energy law was – had a wide bipartisan support, our integrated resource plan had a wide spectrum of supporters from the Sierra Club to our largest business customers. So there’s pretty good alignment with the committee leadership in the house and the Senate that we’ve got – we’ve done our work on the legislation on renewables and the energy law that was completed in 2016.
Patti Poppe: Yes. A couple of things, in the future plan, we will obviously be maintaining our current fossil plan. So we’ll still have gas plants. Our two gas plants will still be on the system up through 2040. They don’t have ongoing capital maintenance plans. Campbell 3 will be in operation until 2039 and that has obvious ongoing capital plan. So there’s capital associated with fossil, just no new fossil generation plants as we described. The other point on battery storage, Greg, I think it’s really interesting our first IRP that we filed had 450 megawatts of storage in the latter part of the plan. But as we’re preparing to file again as we’ll re-file our IRP every three to five years, we’re filing again here in 2021, we’ll file another IRP, we’re seeing that storage prices are dropping enough that we’ll probably see more storage and the mix in our next IRP, which I think is exciting. When you combine the amount of solar and wind that we’ll have on our system, it’s going to be very beneficial to have cost-effective solar both from people talk about storage as a means of dispatching those renewables, but think about all those distributed solar panels. They’re going to need voltage control, and so we’re going to need storage associated with those just specifically for grid stability and reliability, not just for dispatchability. So I do see that more and more storage will be part of our plan, especially as our price drops. And that’s all captured, those additional storage dollars will be captured in the electric ops portion of the CapEx plan.
Patti Poppe: Well, I would say this. Natural gas has been a big part of Michigan’s heating seasons. I think these – a lot of the cities that you’re seeing with moratoriums on natural gas don’t have natural gas penetration for home heating and water heating like Michigan does. And so given that when we’re looking at the cost comparison for electrifying all the home heating needs, the cost to customers would be significant. And so, given that cost impact, we don’t think there’s going to be a big market push or demand from customers to make that switch to electrification. So in our gas planning, we assume that our – we have modest assumptions about growth, we have more assumptions just about replacing like for like systems, making sure our systems are safe, making sure that that aging infrastructure can deliver the volume of natural gas that we move today on the coldest winter day. So that’s really how we see the role of natural gas. I will also say though that to your point about the pressure from environmental community in general on gas, it is in what’s in the spirit of our methane net zero plan for 2030 and why we were excited to announce that today. We can see the use of RNG in the natural gas system to minimize the kind of emissions and help to mitigate the environmental pressures. Our triple bottom line doesn’t just apply to the electric side of the business. It applies to the gas part of the business too.
Patti Poppe: I’d say headroom is our biggest constraint, customer affordability, of course, balance sheet and ability to fund that plan is important to us too. We – look, the needs of the system far exceed our customer’s ability to pay. And so we are constantly looking for ways that we can do more for less. So we apply the CE Way to our capital work as well as our O&M work and try and get lower our unit costs or more volume of work can be done. We’re also looking obviously at workforce constraints and making sure that we’ve got adequate people plans to do all this work. So there’s a variety of factors that that mitigate adding in the additional capital, but trust me, the needs of the system demands those dollars and so we’re constantly working for ways to get those included in the plan. Fortunately, we have time window to get that done.
Patti Poppe: No, I mean, I think we have to remain aligned with our commission and the staff. They have a job to do. Their job is to make sure that we are prudently investing in the system to provide the service that customers expect. Now, hopefully it helps them do their job when we are – when our customers are satisfied with our performance as indicated in the JD Power results. We’ve got the lowest complaints to the Public Service Commission ever. As a result of many of the improvements we made on the system. We try and make it easy for the Commission to say yes, but they really have – they’re important check and balance in the process to make sure that the dollars that we are investing in this system are invested prudently and that they are in the best interest of customers. And I think in our most recent gas case, we got a good indicator from the Commission that they agree with our plan. They agree with the amount of infrastructure that we’re putting on the system and they agree the importance of keeping certainly our gas systems safe and reliable and our electric system to be modernized and reducing our carbon emissions and increasing reliability for customers every day. So it is a partnership with the Commission to make sure that we’re doing everything we can do in these capital investments. And so that takes annual rate proceedings as we file and we get a routine feedback from the commission about our plans.
Patti Poppe: Yes. So again, we – the IRP has a three year forward-looking formal approval, but the settlement that we had signed with all those parties that the commission approved really gave a good indication of the construct for making determinations for new additional capacity, specifically renewables. So the 50-50 ownership construct was agreed to buy a wide group of parties, which to me gives indication that will likely continue over time. However, as we file the each IRP, obviously there’ll be discussion about extending that framework. What our fundamental belief is, that having competitively bid solar on an annual RFP, we set the lowest cost possible for our customers for new renewables. That creates, in some cases where the ownership lies with someone else. And we earn our financial compensation mechanism on top of that PPA. We still then create headroom for investments in the distribution system, which I believe in the long run is where our greatest demand for capital is going to be. Modernizing our electric distribution system is going to be the cause of the next decade. Both just replacing poles and conductor to new resiliency standards, but also modernizing and making that grid so much smarter to handle distributed resources and demand management tools. So I would suggest that the construct is in place so will be re-reviewed. Obviously every time we do a new IRP filing.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We think the economics of utility scale are in the best interest of all customers. Now we do have residential programs that are run by the utility. They’re like community solar sorts of programs so if utility scale that a customer can buy a plot if he will. There will be some residential distributed solar that customers want to invest themselves in private power generation. And so we have a program within the state to allow that to happen. But our plan is built around utility scale because we know that’s the best price and most cost effective means of transitioning from fossil fuels to renewable energy.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We have no news on EnerBank. There’s nothing has changed as we’ve said for the last several years. There’s no change for EnerBank. It plays a particular role in our plan and continues to do.
Patti Poppe: We’ve done a couple small projects as you may be aware of enterprises for renewables, very customer driven, opportunistic for example, 100 plus megawatt wind farm for General Motors in Ohio. We have often customers come to us and say, can you help me make my renewable targets? And so in those cases, enterprises can play that role as well, both in Michigan and out of Michigan.
Patti Poppe: Well. I’ll just echo Rejji’s point here, and say that our annual filing standard has worked pretty well for us. It actually allows us to be more adaptive to changing conditions around where our priorities around capital spend like vary from year-to-year. We do have forward-looking tests years, so we get good visibility and approval – preapproval for the capital that we spend. We do also benefit by passing our customers benefit by us being able to pass along annual savings that we realize to them in those annual rate cases. So we don’t object to the annual rate case methods, but certainly IRMs in long-term plans that the commission has requested in gas and electric, and our IRP does give all of us a better ability to plan, have alignment, have better visibility, long-term work and investment, which is a basis for our 10-year capital plan. And then that allows for us to plan, obviously for the workforce that will complete all of that work. So what’s really important is that we have good alignment with the commission on the work that needs to be done. And then the regulatory mechanisms can work pretty well for us.
Patti Poppe: Yes, Praful. A couple of things. We did our IRP and we did the modeling, we modeled battery storage at about a $1,000 a kilowatt, over that by the latter part of the IRP when we would be installing the 450 megawatts. However, I’ll tell you current costs are as high as $2,000 a kilowatt. So that’s still pretty high and out of the market. Now the ITC when storage is combined with solar, that obviously gives you that 30% kicker, which is nice and helps make storage prices lower combined with a solar. And I’ve heard some rumblings in Washington DC that maybe they would do a storage only ITC. I think there’s a lot of interest and appetite. What I think is, going to be a bigger driver to the cost curves on storage are really the automakers commitment to emission free vehicles and the amount of R&D that is occurring and the dollars, the billions of dollars being spent by the automakers and consortiums and suppliers to them to crack the code on an electric vehicle or fuel cells. I think will bode well and provide benefits then to the electric industry to be able to utilize that storage technology in the R&D that’s happening in that space. So I would expect that those prices will continue to drop. They’re not in the market right now, but we’re doing pilots and projects, so we can learn, so that we can be ready when that technology cost curve really starts to materialize.
Patti Poppe: Yes, mainly the utility-scale on the grid as a balancing resource. But I would suggest that our next IRP is going to have a different combination and we’re not done with the modeling yet, but early indicators show that we’ll have more distributed batteries as well as utility scale storage to make our renewables more dispatchable.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We feel good about our year-end guidance has indicated bias to the midpoint as we have consistently said. And like every year, every quarter, there are changes that come at us and we – we pull back the curtain here and share a little bit on these calls about the kinds of things that we’re managing the ups and downs, the goods with the bads, but we are on plan. We feel good about that plan and we ride that roller coaster and we enjoy it. We enjoy riding the roller coaster, so that you don’t have to. We want to deliver that nice green line that Rejji mentioned in his prepared remarks that is our promise and that’s what we continue to work to do every day. And that’s what is so much fun about running this business is that we get to manage all those ups and downs and we feel real good about the plan and where we are for the rest of the year.
Patti Poppe: No. in fact, it’s definitely in line with creating the headroom necessary, the replacement of fuel – the elimination of fuel expense is a huge benefit. And keep in mind; we’re particularly and uniquely positioned, because of these large PPAs, on which we do not earn. We’re going to be transitioning away from those PPAs, which are out of the market today. So, our customers are paying a high price for them. We’re going to transition to renewable energies with no fuel costs and more competitive pricing on which we earn. And so it’s the best combination for our commitment to the triple bottom line. We’re excited about where the future takes us on all of that. It’s directionally aligned with all of the savings we’ve achieved to date.
Patti Poppe: Thanks, Rocco. Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today and we look forward to seeing many of you at EEI. We’ll be able to go into more detail on the capital plan and we look forward to sharing more stories about all of the exciting things happening at CMS Energy. See you soon.
Rejji Hayes: And Andrew, it’s also worth reminding that as we’ve said in our IRP filing, it’s going to be about 68 gigawatts per estimate of solar over the next sort of decade plus and we’ll own half of that. And so that $4 billion you’re seeing attributable through renewables over the 10-year period is a combination of the wind investments we’re making for the IRPs, as well as the assumption of owning about half of that solar investment opportunity over the next several years.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So that was a part of an effort that we did with one of your competitors, Andrew, in the interest of full disclosure. But in essence retail holdings are quite small relative to other utilities. I would say we’re about 90-10 versus about 70 to 30 for the sector, institutional versus retail. And the large reason why that is, is as you may recall quite some time ago we suspended our dividend as we were pulling back from sins of the past. And so that really turned over our ownership to skew much more heavily towards the institutional side. And so over time as the fundamentals of the business have improved, we’ve started to increase our exposure to retail investors and we’ll look to do that more going forward.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So what I would suggest, Constantine, is that, we always provide our estimate for equity needs on a rolling annual basis with the update of our five-year plan in Q1 of every year. And so we’ll provide any revised thinking around that at least over five-year period in Q1 of next year. But I think there are a lot of variables that go into that math and that’s why it’s difficult for us to give you a sort of a direct number at this moment. So think about the timing of one will be a federal tax payer, that’s a big variable. Obviously, regulatory outcomes over time that will dictate the cost of capital, run rate, CapEx, et cetera, and then customer bill affordability and where that is relative to inflation. So all of those variables will impact our needs from an equity issuance perspective. Like I’d say, direction, my senses will probably be up a little bit, but we’ll see as we continue to flush out our operating plan, our financial plan over the next several years.
Rejji Hayes: Hey, Michael, it’s more the latter. So we don’t see a real increase in the NOLs. And in fact, they were – the NOLs themselves were re-measured upon tax reform going into effect when the bill was enacted in the late 2017. But we do see some accretion in the credits that we have because of the renewable investments we’ve been making, both for the RPS. And over time we may see a little bit more increase in credits as well as we take on solar investments. So there’s more to do with the renewable efforts than any accretion in NOLs.
Rejji Hayes: I would say based on what’s on the page, it’s more the latter, it offsets equity needs. But keep in mind, just based on the way in which we’ve structured the RFPs for the sole investments, we’ll actually see, because we’re doing build and transfers as well as competitively bid out PPAs for the 6 gigawatts over time, we’ll see the benefits of tax credits incorporated into the cost we have to pay for the investments as well as the contracts we’ll take on and that will directly benefit the customers. So you’ll see it benefit for both sort of a cash flow capital raising needs as well as customer benefits.
Rejji Hayes: So Steven, the one thing I would add is that, needless to say, we plan conservatively and so we presuppose the existing rate construct. But needless to say, if we could get more traction on tractors, investment recovery mechanisms and vehicles like that. It could certainly increase the likelihood that we could take on more of these upside opportunities. So clearly we’ll continue that dialogue with the commission and staff over time.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, I would say it was a fairly straightforward glide path for 2020 EPS, Travis. I think you highlighted the key driver, which will be rate relief, net of investments. And so if you think about the gas rate order we just received, about two-thirds of that will flow into 2020. And so if you just think about the math to that, there’s about a $100 million of revenue increase that flows into 2020, and the tax effect that and we’ve been doing all that puts and takes on investment-related cost. You ended with about net $0.14 or so, and that basically gets your right to the low end of guidance for next year. And so then you and puts and takes, we always assume normal weather and there will be variability we can count on that, good or bad and so we’ll see where we’ll end up. But I think that coupled with the usual contribution of the nonutility businesses should lead us to get to our 2020 EPS guidance range, without a lot of, I’ll say additional items that are unforeseen.
Rejji Hayes: No. So that line item, new renewables, that’s a combination of the renewable spend to get to the 15% RPS by 2021. So you’ve got the wind investments in there and then it starts to take on in the latter portion of that five -year period, some of the solar related investments to the IRP. So that is all the utility – that is all the renewable-related spend that the utility in that line item there. Just over this five-year period from 2019 to 2023.
Rejji Hayes: Angie, I would just say for the enterprise because you asked about DIG. We continue to do that business. It’s heavily contracted not just DIG but all the other assets we have there. And it’s a fairly de-risked business. And so we continue to count on it on our five-year plan to give us a pretty steady stream of earnings in cash flow contribution next four or five years so we don’t anticipate any dispositions there either.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. We’d like to think that any event we can get more traction on those types of mechanisms that would facilitate our ability to start to take on some more of those upside opportunities because then you really get to minimize the lag between cost and currency and cost recovery. But we’ve clearly demonstrated that, we’re going to make sure that we call before we walk in Michigan in that regard. And so with each filing we’ll look at whether it makes sense to apply those types of mechanisms to various programs and if we think it’s applicable and can get a good alignment with the commission and staff, we’ll look to do more of that over time. But I think it’s going to be a measured pace.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. If you look at the run rate capital investment we have now over our five-year plan, we’re doing about $2.25 billion. And so that we think again, it can allow us to do that comfortably within our ATM program of about $150 million per year starting in 2020 through this five-year period. Now over time, as you think about the quantum of this 10-year plan, where we could be at a run rate of $2.5 billion, and if we start to dip into those upside opportunities, it could expand on an annual basis. And so it could go up directionally, but it’s difficult to get more precise in that problem, because again, there are a number of factors that dictate your equity needs. And so when will be a federal cash tax payer? And so at the moment, we think 2024, but that could change, because we thought five years ago that would be a federal taxpayer down when we’re not. And so that’s a big variable, regulatory outcomes is clearly a big variable. And then customer affordability and our trends there relative to inflation. And so all those variables will impact the amount of equity we need to issue per year. And so absent that visibility, it’s tough to say how much more it will go up. But again, we’ll obviously manage the balance sheet prudently as we have over time and we’ll see, where the equity needs end up. But I don’t think materially, you’ll see a big rise in the sort of next couple of years if that’s what you’re asking.
