John Russell: Thanks, Laura. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today on our first quarter earnings call. I'd like to being by first congratulating Laura Mountcastle on her upcoming retirement, which was announced yesterday. Laura will be leaving us effective July 1, having served as a key financial officer of our company for 18 years.  Laura has held the role most familiar to those of you on the phone as Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer since 1999. I know you will join me in wishing Laura the best and Laura, I'll tell you, I've always enjoyed working with you and I want to publically thank you for your great years of service to the company and on behalf of everyone of the company, we'll miss you. 
John Russell: Good luck. Let me begin the presentation today with a few brief comments about the quarter before I turn the call over to Tom to discuss the financial results and outlook for the remainder of the year. Then we'll close with Q&A.  First quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.37, down $0.14 from 2011. The results were impacted by the warmest winter on record in Michigan, reducing earnings by $0.13 this year and $0.18 compared to the colder than normal weather a year ago.  The good news is, we've identified a number of actions some of which have already been implemented to offset the adverse weather. Tom will discuss several of these with you later. As a result, we are reaffirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $1.52 to $1.55 a share.  On the regulatory side, our electric and gas rate cases are proceeding on schedule. I'll give you an update on these two in a minute. In early April, the Michigan Court of Appeals ruled in a DTE case that the Michigan Public Service Commission lacks statutory authority to adopt a revenue decoupling mechanism for electric utilities. As the result of this decision, we wrote off a $59 million regulatory asset covering the period from December 2009 through November of 2011.  The Court's ruling does not affect our 2012 adjusted earnings guidance since the electric decoupling mechanism was only authorized through November of last year. And I also am going to talk about the bill to raise the retail open assess cap in Michigan and give you an overview on the operations for the quarter.  Many of you are familiar with our rate case timeline. We are nearing the deadline for the Commission to issue a final order in our electric rate case. All of the testimony and briefs are filed and the staff in ALG have filed their recommendations. The final order is due no later than June 8.  The gas rate case is scheduled for a final order by August 31. Because of the limited size of the case, there's a chance we could settle this case. In March, a bill was introduced to raise the retail open access cap. We are opposed to this bill, which would benefit a relatively small number of business customers at the cost of all other customers. There is wide spread opposition against the bill including the Chair of the Senate Energy and Technology Committee and the Chair of the House Energy and Technology Committee.  Both have publically voiced their opinion that the 2008 energy law is working with regard to the cap and have no intention of taking action on the bill. If enacted, it would allow all customers on the waiting list to go to ROA, retail open access, and then permit further annual increases in the cap to about 40% by 2016. This would shift up to $400 million of cost to our remaining customers. We will continue to inform key members of the legislature and the administration of the consequences to our remaining customers if this bill is passed.  Let me give you a brief update on operations. Major construction continues on our 100 MW Lake Winds Energy Park. Concrete foundations are nearly complete and wind turbine components are being delivered. The facility is scheduled to begin operations later this year.  Low natural gas prices have resulted in record monthly send-out at our Zeeland natural gas power generation facility. In February the combined cycle portion of the plant set a record capacity factor of 86% compared to 11% for all of 2008. The acquisition of the Zeeland plant in 2007 has been a great addition to our generation fleet and has helped us to maintain a balanced energy portfolio.  Low natural gas prices will also generate savings for our gas customers. Starting in April, the commodity portion of our customers' bill was reduced by 13%. We project our customers will save more than $100 million over the next 12 months and $300 million over the next two years.  Ironically, many of our customers who have switched to an alternative supplier are paying more for their gas than our bundled customers. This month, we offered a voluntary separation program to all salaried employees similar to the programs we offered in 2006 and 2009. This decision was driven by our goal to ensure that we are properly staffed to serve our customers effectively and to run our business efficiently. We have informed the union leadership of this program and are in discussions with them to explore a similar program for our union employees.  Our business model has been working well for several years. It relies on good regulatory and legislative framework and a disciplined execution by the management team. This supports a customer-driven investment plan with customer rate increases that are affordable at about the rate of inflation. With this model we have delivered consistent cash flow and earnings growth in the past and we expect it will continue for many years.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom to discuss the first quarter results, if he can get through it with his cold. 
John Russell: Kevin, it's really up to them to decide what they want to do. The unique position about us in this is that it is a DTE case. I mean, ABATE has also sued us and our case is pending. So we are a bit of an observer in this rather than an active party. So it's really up to the Commission to decide what they want to do.  They have issued a request for parties to submit by I think the middle of May, comments about this ruling. So that's the first step that they've taken. They'll have to decide along with ABATE and DTE what they want to do in the next steps. So we'll kind of follow their action. It's hard for us to lead on this one because we really – it's not our case. 
John Russell: Yes. It's still early. I mean, Paul, we've – the request closed Tuesday of this week, Tuesday evening. And just for everybody's benefit, we do this a little bit different than most companies. It's not based on everybody that submits gets this. It's basically we select who gets it based on the fact can we do business without that position in the future.  Right now, I'd say though we would probably be anywhere, it could potentially be anywhere from 5% to 7% of our salaried workforce, which is around 300 people. That doesn’t include the union results because as I said we're still in negotiations with them. 
John Russell: There may be but, I mean, the fact that the Appeals Court looked at the law and what they ruled, even though it's disappointing for us particularly because of the write off, the word electric is not in the law. So it's hard to argue with a fact that if it was intentional they should have included it in there and since it was excluded their judgment seems logical.  But there are other ways that we can get around this and I don't really want – and we're not getting around the law, but other things the regulators can do and I think that's why they're asking for the utilities to respond back to them in the next few weeks to decide what approach do we use. As Tom said, they resolved the – they ensured that the trackers – they supported trackers so there's ways you can track revenue. There's way you can track other things, which is fine. And I'm glad to see they endorsed that during the hearing so that'll be a published case, which means that that should have a lot of substance in the future for how we actually go about looking at this.  So there are opportunities. We'll have to see what the Commission decides to do, what DTE decides to do and then we will certainly support what we can in that case. 
John Russell: Yes. We've seen the same thing. As I mentioned, our Zeeland plant, which I'm really glad we purchased a few years ago has gone from a peaking plant to a base load plant. We've even seen at times that the – certainly the combined cycle is dispatched ahead of coal at times, particularly some of our coal plans. But even peaking, even the simple cycle has dispatched some coal on a certain, some certain timeframes. So we're seeing that as an advantage that we have the gas plants. A disadvantage that we're really cycling the coal plants a lot more than we have in the past and right now some of the coal plants are out market. So it kind of fell in line with the strategy that we've had is to take some of these older units and mothball them in the next couple of years anyway. 
John Russell: Yeah, Mark, we looked at that carefully. The – we're comfortable and confident the decision made with a small seven to mothball those and maybe ultimately retire the right move. The big five coal plants, the work that we’ve done already makes sense because they are competitive. Although as I said earlier, we're moving them around a little bit, cycling them a little bit more than we have in the past.  But the – also the belief we have that by 2015 when we see some of the environmental rules, math’s and others go into effect, what we’re going to see is capacity prices rise, gas prices begin to trickle up at that point and at that point, there's – we believe that these high efficient coal plants will be in the money. So as far as the decision we’ve made, the decision we made to put full environmental controls on the big five coal units makes sense in the short term and the long term, mothballing the small seven makes sense in the short term and the long term. 
John Russell: Yes. I expect something to come out this fall. We’ve talked to the administration. They’re going through their plans right now for this. Most of the focus I think he is going to talk about, and it’s still being developed right now so let me say that, is it doesn’t have anything to do with retail open access or anything like that. It has more to do with infrastructure. And so, how do we have electric and gas infrastructure in place for the future of this state. And I expect, and this is my assumption, I expect he’ll also look at some of the natural resources that we have here in the state with some of the best storage facilities for gas in the country. The gas plays that we have, particularly up north. The Great Lakes that we have with water, I mean, we’ve got some incredible natural resources here in Michigan and how do we position those for the future success of Michigan. He tends to be looking at the impact both from a financial impact to the state as well as an impact to the residents of this state in a favorable way. So that’s what I think the focus is going to be. But we’ve got a lot of work to do with them between now and then, and again I don’t think he's landed on it yet. He's got some budget issues, which he's dealing with right now.
John Russell: Yes, you’re right. I expect it’ll stay in Committee. It doesn’t have any traction and year-end it'll die if nothing is done with it.
John Russell: No. Usually they make the decision close to the deadline. I mean with the new Chairman they may advance it a little bit, but at the end of the day there isn’t a lot of motivation to make the decision earlier rather than later. But yes, I expect it just before. I don’t think they'll go beyond the deadline because then as you know the law indicates that we can move forward and their rates are final. So expect just close to it. Although as I mentioned – I’m sorry.
John Russell: Yes. The one thing that came out there is the courts ruled that there wasn’t a sufficient record in that case to move forward. I think as you know, we’ve been pretty slow and methodical in our rollout of smart grid and implications to us; we’ve already done what the court is asking DTE to do. And I think you’ll have to ask them, but I think they’ve already done it too. So we’ve got the full business case reviewed with the staff and it’s in our plan. So it really was that first case, that 2009 case they were focused on for them.
John Russell: Yeah, I can get – I don’t -- let me try to find it right here. I don’t know. Do you guys have it real quick? We don’t – yes, I don’t think we have it by quarter, Steve. We can give you...
John Russell: Tom, let me just on that one, though, we had a large outage on that plant this year in this quarter. So Campbell 3 would – because it’s efficient, very efficient it would normally run. So that is one exception, Steve, when you look at it –
John Russell: Yeah. Depending on what the parties that were sued decide to do. So it is really their lead and it was ABATE bringing the case to DTE with the Commission. So it really will follow – we'll work with DTE and the Commission to decide what they want to do and then, yeah, we can file amicus briefs and other things to support that. But it really is their lead because we are not a party to this case.
John Russell: No. We've got multiple contracts – we got contracts that are laddered in over several years, Paul. Right now though as Tom said, we’ve got a lot of capacity in our coal and so what we’re working with is to burn that coal whether it's Eastern or Western, to work with the rails, to try to improve the delivery, maybe delay the delivery to do the best that we can from that standpoint. But, no, it's not really take or pay. I mean we’ll take the coal. We would just rather not have the inventory if we can avoid it.
John Russell: And just one thing that may separate us from others is that we do have the barge. I mean because we are in the Great Lakes. So we have both rail and barge so we're not fully dependent on the rail.
John Russell: All right. Well let me wrap it up. Thank you all for joining our call today. I do appreciate the questions. They were very good and also the recognition for Laura who we will all miss as everybody else will. And it does seem odd only 18 years with us. I mean, geez, too early, Laura. First quarter weather presented a challenge for us, I think we covered that. We're taking a number of steps, recovery actions to keep us on track and to deliver our 2012 financial goals. We remain committed to delivering on our promises, providing value to our customers and to you, our shareholders. So thank you for your interest in CMS Energy. We look forward to seeing you at our next meeting.
Tom Webb: Good description. The complete categories are done. Decisions are done and actions have either been taken or completed. But you will see those roll into the second quarter and third quarter. Most of them, like the low cost financing, you're going to see that soon. The pension cost is actually one that is already been picked up upon. So there's a lot of good things happening there.  The underway would be your interesting side because under efficiencies includes the restructuring program that John just described that we're doing. And on the economy, we are seeing a stronger tick-up in sales so there's a little piece of sales that's flowing through that we just didn't anticipate and we're still using our approach of being pretty conservative.  We'd rather be wrong and surprised on the favorable side on this sort of thing. But it looked so good that we pretty much had to pick it up. So we feel pretty good about what's on the underway as well. But, yes, good characterization. Complete, we finished. Underway, coming events that are being worked on now. 
Tom Webb: There's another little benefit that comes with this. The downside is those coal inventories that I mentioned are a little high but a benefit is our PSCR costs are dropping sharply benefiting from these low gas prices. So you remember we talked a lot about keeping our base rate increases at or below the level of inflation. But we said GCR cost and PSCR costs were important to us. GCR cost are obviously negative each year creating lots of headroom for our customers. And PSCR costs, which we've been worried about, they're now half the size we were looking at maybe the last time we talked to you, everyone in New York.  So there's a lot of benefits that come through this. 
Tom Webb: Yes. If you were to – if we looked at electric sales and I took you to our chart, which was Slide 14, where the weather-adjusted number was about 2% and I'm talking about the full year. You'd take about 0.3% off of that or if you went to the number without energy efficiency, more an economic look, would be about 3% and you'd take 0.3% off of that. 
Tom Webb: You'd take the full year number of 2%, which is just the weather-adjusted number and you'd make it 1.7%. Or you'd take the number that we show on the chart that says 3% without energy efficiencies, so more of the economic growth number and you'd make that 2.7%. 
Tom Webb: We're seeing – I do. We're seeing good growth in the first quarter with residential up even if you took the leap year out. We are seeing industrial continuing up where we're talking about full year numbers in that 6% plus area. We already saw that again in the first quarter. But the commercial is the drag and it has been the drag for some time for us.  We are watching our commercial customers hold back. So before they add on any headcount or add on another location or put back a location that they took out. Of if they're stores, reopening a store that’s in a mall or whatever. They're holding back. The industrial recovery leads big. We're not seeing a good residential turnaround, which lagged. And the commercial hasn't yet made that big turn. That's ahead. 
Tom Webb: And I don't know that I have – that number I gave you, that rule of thumb. I don't know if it's precise by class but it probably is close. 
Tom Webb: Yes. Before we get the final numbers in and we're only in the middle of that process as John mentioned. Our estimates would be that the upfront cost of this will be somewhere between $5 million and $10 million. And that's all based on the number it takes that we approved. Because as people come in we have to say yes or no. And then the savings that we would get from that, we think will probably give you about a 12-month payback. So we will take the upfront one-time piece, call that out so that you can see that separately not let that impact your future if you choose, and then we will give you the ongoing savings that we get. Obviously a half a year this year and then the impact for the full year next year and tell you about that. And I would tell you that the savings this year probably be over $5 million and on a full year basis probably closer to $10 million. Now those are rules of thumb just at the moment and we will know more the next time we're with you in an earnings call. We'll have it all complete and lay it out for exactly what it is.
Tom Webb: Well, Ali, you know by now that we don’t usually predict rate cases. We talked about our self-implementation, and where we are. For me to start giving you numbers that we've assumed is kind of self-defeating. So I won’t add much to that except to say that we try to self-implement the appropriate numbers so that there isn’t a large refund of any kind and just do the right thing there. But all the other assumptions you'd look at, we plan on normal weather, for example, and last year we were cooking. So there would be an upside if that were to happen again. On the other hand, if it were a very mild summer, we'd have to take a hard look at what we’re doing. That would be a big challenge on top of this mild winter. So I would say look for normal things not extraordinary things. Normal weather, reasonable recovery in our rate cases and the like, as you look for the future numbers. We've tried not to be aggressive anywhere here. One thing that John and I probably didn’t make really clear is that none of the recovery items we've shown you today cause us to do anything to the business that we think is unusual or make any sense. Sometimes you’ll hear us talk about if we got some upside we'll put some more money in tree trimming or even the other way around. We haven’t touched our forestry program. We haven’t touched our outage program, because we want all of those things to hold their own if we can. We've worked at the things that are all good business decisions. So I hope that helps a little bit.
Tom Webb: Well, I don’t know if surprised is an important kind of view, but it’s inconsistent with what we think the ultimate recovery should be.
Tom Webb: First quarter. And Campbell 3, another big coal unit, about 50% and then the KARN units run about 35% and 50% in the first quarter. There’s two of them over there, coal units. And then jump down to like Zeeland, the combined cycle is 71% in the first quarter. So if that gives you a little sense as to what you’re seeing.
Tom Webb: I tell you, Steve, I mean Laura's stepping down and now you're asking all the detailed questions. All right. Here you go. Let me do Zeeland first. So the 71-ish percent in this quarter, same quarter a year ago was 27%. And the – let me use the Campbell 3 unit because it's the big coal unit that’s up on the west side of state where it was about 50% in the first quarter. It was about 77% in the first quarter a year ago.
Tom Webb: Why don’t I just jump in and say that kind of thing, it's really too soon to talk about. You can imagine if settlement discussions are ahead people don’t like talking about them. So I think John described it well saying it’s small. It's a good candidate for that. So it’s something we’ll talk about later.
Tom Webb: You can but I will tell you, the real issue there will be our choice on how many we actually replace and how many we take that savings on. So even though I give you a number like that, I think it'd be better to see sort of the whole millions and that indication I gave earlier that the upfront cost for the size of the pool we’re talking about, $5 million to $10 million. And then the savings being a little over $5 million for this half a year, closer to $10 million for a full year, so one year payback. If you don’t mind, I'd rather leave you with that instead of employee indicators because the incrementality will have a big factor.
Tom Webb: So I think a lot of companies are facing this right now and therefore the rail companies and the coal companies are talking to everybody about the right thing to do. And recall we used to have a lot of long-term shipping contracts. Today, they're more short-term in nature. So there’s actually an opportunity to address this economic issue maybe for the benefit of our customers here. So we'll be working in a cooperative way with our suppliers to do the best we can.
