John Russell: Well basically where we're at now, Julien on that, that's just a proposal that's out there. The first choice or the fair choice aspect what the Governor is looking for is that he doesn't want subsidies from our existing utility customers to pay for the capacity that's used as a backup for the retail open access customers. So, a little too soon to tell on that, but basically if it works the way he's thinking, what would happen is they would have to show the firm capacity five years out so that we would not be responsible for supplying that capacity. And based on that, it depends what the market is going to be. I think the numbers we have today -- we've got about 300 customers or about 0.2% of our customers that are on retail open access. It's hard for me to access what their contracts are like or what the market's like, but as you saw in some of the capacity auction results from the MISO market, some of the deregulated states are a little bit higher than the regulated states. So, it would be up to them to determine the best deal that they have.
John Russell: I'll start with the last first the timing of this, I mean the Governor has targeted it for June. I think it's possible but it's pretty aggressive. And I think that's going to be dependent primarily on a non-related topic which is a ballot proposal to improve the roads in Michigan. If that doesn't get past I think the legislators are going to be more focused on the budget than energy for maybe the summer. So expected to be done by year-end but it may not be done by the middle of the year. And as far as where the bills are they are pretty much across the Board. The house is full regulation, the bill has been set and the house is full regulation. The Senate has two bills one is to increase the cap and one is to ensure that the customers who are on retail open access have a one-time shot at going to the market and they can't come back. So when you look at how that is and what I mentioned earlier about where the Governor is it looks like the top end of this or the worst-case scenario would be 10% with a firm capacity position that they have to disclose to a regulator going forward. And maybe the best case for us would be full regulation but I don't think it would happen all at once and maybe Julian's question kind of related to that is that I think we would see this come back, Tom, mentioned we saw a big jump the last time we went through this but it's going to take time. I don't think it's going to be all at once because I believe and I don't have the data for this but the contracts that the third parties enter into with our customers for retail open access probably have a duration of a year or two. So I don't think any legislation would stop those contracts from being in effect.
John Russell: Yes, I think that will end up as a part of an Integrated Resource Plan. I think that's where the kind of the tone is going today rather than mandate a certain percent I think where they would go is more of putting it to an IRP putting it towards a more Integrated Resource Plan that maybe long in 10 year [ph] with the ability to seek approval on a multi-year basis for changes that may occur. And to be more specific as you seen gas prices drop substantially over the past five years if we did in Integrated Resource Plan 10 years ago gas probably wouldn't be a preferred option.  However with gas prices the way they are today they are a preferred option, so you want that -- as the Governor calls it adaptability with changing technologies, changing commodity prices to go back in in the interim of that long term plan to be able to adjust the plan, get an agreement with the regulators and move forward with that type of generation. And Dan, for your point it's also going to include renewable energy, energy optimization and all that. The Integrated Resource Plan will cover the spectrum not just the supply aspect but how we get the supply, what fuel source and how we do energy optimization. And this thing that I like about it is that if we do that it also show the most economic plan, we will put forth the most economic plan for our customers.
John Russell: Well no we’re actually making two upgrades and the number you will get used to seeing will be 770 megawatts. So we had already planned and we were just been quiet about it putting in [indiscernible] and increasing the capacity at DIG this year. This new increase which is news because we just authorized it inside of our own company will add that extra 38 megawatts on top of that net-net will go from you've seen 710 in the past will go to 770.
John Russell: What we're hearing at least right now is I will call revenue certainty the decoupling seems to be optional for the utilities to choose which is fine with us if we choose to do it or don't. The incentives they haven't really dug into the incentives yet, but the argument I think is pretty strong that we make electricity, we deliver electricity we sell electricity we should be incented to help our customers understand why we're not trying to do that with energy optimization. So I have a feeling the incentives that they have worked well for us and I expect those to continue but that maybe in a regulatory format rather than a legislative format.
John Russell: One of the things that we found is Andrew, we found pretty revealing as we have talked, we expect the capacity prices to rise in Zone 7 next year when we shut down at least our company shuts down a third of its coal capacity. This year I think the news out of the capacity auction was that capacity prices were low as expected except in Zone 4 for which was the one deregulated state and that was Illinois. And the capacity prices there are 50 times higher than in the generally regulated states of the rest of MISO. So that's an interesting time to see this happen when we haven't seen a lot of the capacity come out of the market. And you can rest assured we’re talking to a lot of people here in Michigan about the risks of the volatility of the deregulated market.
John Russell: Let me take that one since you don't want to hear Tom anymore talk about -- how we're going to draw 5% to 7%. One of the things that I think is very important to understand about our capital investment plan is that we invest capital for a couple reasons and if we don't achieve those reasons we don't invest the capital. One we need to make sure that it provides value to our customers. Two, it ensures that we reduce fuel costs. Three, it reduces O&M cost and fourth if there's an environmental commitment that we've made to improve the environment whether it's driven through EPA state laws or our own initiatives we do that too. So the customers by us investing capital get a better environment a better bill and better reliability and that's really what we strive for. In the five-year plan that we have today with the capital investment we have we can still keep customer rates below the rate of inflation the base rate increase below the rate of inflation and that's on the electric side. On the gas side that also holds true but as I mentioned earlier with a low grass prices customers are paying bills the same rate that they did in 2001. So we have a lot of headroom, fuel is in our favor in most cases here and where it isn't in our favor because we're making investments on the electric side we're seeing the results and reliability the results in customer satisfaction and the results which I think are unique for us compared to others is the reduction in O&M cost. And we see that happening. Tom showed you the one chart. We're down last eight years 10%. In the next five years we expect to be down 7%. And that's on an absolute basis that includes inflation, it includes the legacy cost that we have. So we feel very comfortable that we invest the right amount of capital to do the things that I just mentioned and keeping the bills affordable.
John Russell: Yes. Definitely. When thinking about that Brian it's the cost the base rate our rate of inflation keep it at the rate of inflation but on one of the slides I showed you can see the increase in investment in the capital in the gas business because of the dramatic decline of the natural class fuel cost, we’re down about 50% in the fuel cost which provided headroom for us or does provide headroom for us to be able to make additional capital investments while still having the customers overall bill decline.
John Russell: There's opportunity there, I think I stated we've got $1 billion on top of that if we choose to but right now that seems like the right level. The one thing that we're a little pushed against is we hired about 625 people in the gas business over the past three years and we're growing those people I think it's going to be a competitive advantage for us to have people that can install pipe, weld pipe going forward in the future. So as those people develop we may be able to put a little more capital into it but one thing about the gas business is that it's not just plug-and-play it takes a lot of employees to get that done and what you'll find in some areas contractors are getting a little short now because of the influx in capital. So we made a decision a few years ago to move ahead with our own workforce, worked with our union and we added 625 people to do that which will position us well in the future and so if there was going to increase, think of it incrementally.
John Russell: Great. Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. We're off to a good start again this year and we look forward to working with you through the rest of the year and we will put this year's this first quarter's good weather to good use for our customers and our investors. So thanks for joining us I appreciate it.
Tom Webb: And let me just add one thought, Julien and I'm not sure your question was going this way, but what we've experienced in the past is when the market changes which this could be a part of we saw about 80% to 90% of that load come back over a period of time say a year or two years this could be a little different depending on the duration of their contracts as John just said but I think the economics will push them our way along with the potential policy change.
Tom Webb: Will remember we just described that pull ahead. In our presentation today where we were telling you that we're taking an outage that we plan to take in 2016 actually in the fall of 2015 so will have that in place this year that 38 megawatts in that cost of about $8 million to $9 million is part of that pull ahead which includes that upgrade and you won't see that repeated of course in 2016. So the money is being invested this year about 8 million to 9 million for the outage and the upgrade altogether with the benefit accruing to us next year.
Tom Webb: Well because as you noticed I mentioned we’re in the progress of doing that I don't want to mention the customer's name, I don't think that would be appropriate. You wouldn't be surprised about who that customer is and the duration that we're looking at here on this contract will probably be about seven years.
Tom Webb: So you're working your way into a name, but the answer is no and that's probably as far as I should go.
Tom Webb: That's right. So when you're looking at the bar that has below it $2.00 that's our old forecast and then on the little box on the right side you'll see near-term. We're looking at numbers around $4.50 and that's our reference to doubling for that similar period. And over the long term we're looking at if you average it over the whole period around $3.30 so that gives you some benchmarks. To your specific question we've got $2.00 in our numbers but you can see we’re about to revise those and go up.
Tom Webb: $4.50 would be near-term, so you're going to look at the next couple of years. In the long term is over a nine-year outlook.
Tom Webb: Just think of that as a regular non-utility business. So the part that’s capitalized is capitalized and the part that’s expense is expense in the project. Just try not to think utility for a minute and it will look very normal that way. The bulk of it candidly is going to be expensed, that goes in for this year but as you can see we have plenty of room to put it in.
Tom Webb: No, we will find a way as you've grown accustomed to see us get in that growth of earnings of 5% to 7% no matter what. If it's easy or hard and I may as well take the question on before it comes. We've got so much work to do on the reliability side in the utility that I would just tell you there will be a time when we won't and maybe the 5% to 7% will drift up a little bit. Again I would get excited about it because we've got plenty of work to do this year and we will have plenty of work to do next year so it's not in that timeframe that you would likely see us change from our guidance of 5% to 7%.
Tom Webb: Yes. So we'll be for the '17 to '18 planning year a little over 500 megawatts available. And then a little bit better than that a little higher than that in other words as you go through time. So that's all upside opportunity.
Tom Webb: I'll tell you what I think will take this into two pieces. Let me just describe a little bit about what we see in the bilateral market. And from a capacity standpoint I would tell you this indication we gave you of $4.50 near-term is reasonably indicative of where we're. Obviously folks out there are watching very carefully what happens in the energy law. The ability to put more capacity in place, the accountability for doing that, those will all be positive things but in -- will the policy is being worked out people are nervous and trying to figure out are we going to fill that big void that begins next spring when we take a third of our coal plants out and have to somehow fell in behind that. So there's a lot of speculation in the markets about where we're go. The best it can give you on bilateral is around 450 for the spring 2016 to spring 2017 planning year. Now you asked a different question about the near term capacity market in MISO and maybe John can add to that.
Tom Webb: Across the board is the best way to think about what's happening there. And when we're thinking -- if your question is going to what's going to happen in the rest of the year because you did see that we were only up 2% industrial and 1.9% in the first quarter. What we will see in the rest of the year is food there's some folks who have program with us that they're going to need more power will see some increases, building and you know that fits pretty well with economics that we're seeing so more cement and alike. We're seeing a little more on the silicon side, so it's a little more high-tech that's coming in and the aluminum side of the industry. All of these industries have told us they need more and we'll be providing that and we’re already beginning to see that tick up just a little bit. So our forecast is pushing us to say it's going to be higher than 3% industrial growth but we don't -- you know us. We don't want to say that until we actually see that come to do.
