Patricia Poppe: Thanks Rejji. Simply this, our model holds together well and that's why this thesis remains strong. With that Rocco please open the lines for Q&A.
Patricia Poppe: Yes Jeremy, great question. We are excited about our next filing of IRP which will be made a year 2021. We're still in the modeling phase. So no early read just yet. So I will say we're hopeful that an outer years in particular in our first filing we had about 450 megawatts of storage. I would love to see more storage in the outer years. We were requested in our settlement and agreed to study earlier requirements of some of the other coal plants, but right now our plan remains the same, but certainly when we know will let you know and we're excited about the potential that new IRP and what it offers to benefit the planet and the cost structure and our customers. It's really a great time in this business.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Michael you make a really good point in fact that we do have forward-looking test gears. And so what we like about our annual filing is first of all, just because we file a rate case doesn't necessarily mean customers bills are going up and as Rejji described in his prepared remarks, we can do capital investment and this business model of ours where cost savings are passed along to customers has to occur in those proceedings. And so our annual filing provides us two what I think are big advantages particularly given the certainty of the regulatory environment here in Michigan. One that we have alignment with the commission before we spend it. So we have no risk post a rate order that will have disallowances. We have alignment on the work that we're going to do. We have alignment on the investments that we're going to make and so that is a real certainty going forward. But two, it also allows us to adjust the plan as conditions change and we can pass along the cost savings that the team achieves while we're adjusting those plans. So we can build the budget, we can build an operating plan that matches and agreed upon framework with the commission. And so I think that's good regulation. I think that's the right kind of transparency, the right kind of certainty and yet at the same time demonstrates agility as we move forward and conditions change around us. I do think it's in the best interest of our customers.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Exactly Michael in October 21, for example, we secured some contracts for planning year 24 and 25 and 25 and 26 at the $4.25 kilowatt month. We secured about 30 megawatts. So we're definitely seeing pick up that wasn't all the way at comp. But with the LCR, there's only all the few places within zone 7, which is Michigan's lower peninsula where an alternative energy supplier can secure that capacity and DIG is one of those places and so we've absolutely already seen a little bit of that upside. 
Patricia Poppe: Well, great questions Durgesh. First of all the interbank team, shout out to that team they're performing well and benefiting from this year actually from the uptick in home improvement. I've heard in fact it's called investing and nesting and interbank is being participating in that. So that's been good, but really the bottom-line is this we're very content with our business mix where it is. And I just want to remind everyone that our utility is far and away the driver of our growth at CMS energy with 90% of our business mix and really so to that end there is really nothing new to share about our non-regulated businesses and we just, we manage them very much like we manage our utility business with consistency, high quality off-takers long-term contracts, leveraging our core competency, downside risk management, no big bets we like our mix.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, it just ends up not really being on the top of our list given our organic growth strategy. We've got ample CapEx to deploy. People ask us because of the CE way is that something you could deploy and maybe someday we would want to but that's a long time from now. We really, we have a solid five year capital, ten year capital plan and the next five years we have got real visibility to our ability to deliver growth and shareholder value.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, great question. We have a billion dollars, actually $1.8 billion in renewables in the five-year plan and the 10-year plan we have a potential for additional maybe even up to $3 billion of total renewables in the 10-year plan and so when we think about the three to six think of 2040 that's another 10 years. But our solar deployments are front end loaded. We have of our 6,000 megawatts of solar we intend to deploy by 2040. 5,000 of it is by 2030. So that really makes up and that's already in our 10-year plan but we'll share more visibility to that when we update the capital plan at the year-end call.
Patricia Poppe: Yes Jonathan. I will remind you that our six to eight are $0.04 range. So a single point we're practically a single point as it is. But we do think that this top tier 7% EPS growth for the sector is among the best and particularly when you factor in the consistency of it and I just think as a utility that you can count on for six to eight with a $0.04 range. The push to 8% it has a temporary benefit but we would prefer to have an annual take it home, take it to the bank, sleep at night we ride that straight, we ride that rollercoaster so you can plan on that straight line and so the idea of pushing it to eight what we've always said in fact when we first announced that we were going to six to eight years ago we said there might be a year that there were surprises to the upside. But what I want to be really clear about is that this year we have ample opportunity to redeploy those savings into protecting outer years and that's always our first priority. And so I don't want to mislead anyone and make them think there's going to be a sugar high in 2020. This is the perfect kind of year to plan for uncertainty we're heading into for 2021 and making sure that 22 can be delivered too. 
Patricia Poppe: Yes Stephen great question. A couple things. One I do think further tax incentives on storage would be beneficial. I think what's going to be more beneficial is the amount of R&D that's underway in storage. You and I have talked many times about the electric vehicles and all the research happening there on battery storage. Some of the research that's being done on hydrogen, both for fuel cells for vehicles but more importantly for us from a perspective of hydrogen as a fuel cell version of storage on our system. Those kinds of whether it's tax treatment or R&D investments can accelerate the deployment of clean energy and we look forward to that. There is a real problem with the ITC with solar that utilities can't because of normalization can't take full advantage. I think if there were some fixes from a tax perspective on the ITC for solar that could be interesting for utilities and could potentially make solar deployments more economic faster. And so I do think there will be some interesting developments with them if there is in fact a blue wave here in a couple weeks.
Patricia Poppe: Those are some of the changes. I think we have to prove the efficacy of these distributed resources Stephen. There's a lot of theories about it. I think we need to prove to ourselves that with a distributed resource mix we can provide the reliability that customers want. We can't have rolling curtailments because we didn't plan and don't have the resources necessary. So I think the timing when we think about our 2040 net zero plan that feels to us like a good timeline to really build out these new technologies and including the energy efficiency and demand response. Those things take time to enroll customers and get the right behaviors. And so I do think there's a two prong there's the cost as we've talked about but there's also as Rejji mentioned the efficacy of those resources and making sure that we can provide the reliability that customers expect and so that you have to actually build the stuff and prove it to ourselves before we can scale the whole system.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. We will definitely be involved. We're a trusted resource here in Michigan as a clean energy leader and the clean energy advocates. I think it's just reaffirming to our clean energy plan that we filed and it certainly is an ambitious goal for Michigan, but we really intend to continue to be leaders and our IRP is very much in support of the governor's ambition.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. You make a great point because there's a couple things that are going to be challenging I think for Michigan but one of the things we've learned here in Michigan. The actual law that we passed in 2008 and then I'd say upgraded in 2016 is where the actual targets get set that drive actions and they're more near-term clearly. Our RPS for example in 2016 well in 2008 was 10% by 2015 and then 2016 we passed a law to take it to 15% by 2020. Those incremental concrete targets get passed in legislation. So you're absolutely right there needs to be a full appreciation and adoption and energy legislation here in Michigan has been typically happening about every eight years or so. So it would take some time I think to get new legislation passed. But nonetheless the other challenge here in Michigan with natural gas for example for home heating is very economic and so I think a politically a difficult uphill battle to tell all Michiganders are going to pay twice as much for their home heating I think that's a challenge that politically would be hard to overcome without a significant change over time.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. We don't expect the same kind of uptick in use. Most people heat their homes and keep them at that level they might lower it a couple degrees during the day while they're at work. But we don't expect sort of the increase that we've seen on the electric side. However, we are more residential mix on the gas business but we have ample supplies here in Michigan. We are blessed with robust energy, natural gas storage fields here in Michigan and we have no concerns about having any inability to meet the needs of our customers for their winter heating.
Patricia Poppe: Well, there's a couple thoughts as we look at our capital planning. Number one a safe and reliable gas system is extraordinarily valuable today and will be in the coming decades. Safety is always number one. And the replacements that we are doing are like for life. We're not adding capacity. We're making our system safer and by the way at the same time reducing methane emissions. So it's both good for people and the planet and then those investments obviously have reliable returns. So it's our triple bottom-line thinking there. I would also say that the electric utility, the combo the fact that we're a combo utility does make us hedge to some degree if there is a big push for electrification, if electric home heating becomes a real trend then we will be able to benefit from that and in fact the earnings potential is even greater in that perspective. But when we think about it from a triple line, bottom-line perspective we think we can do the net zero methane target for 2030 as we've stated through our capital investments in the gas system without hazarding sort of stranded assets and I guess I would just offer in a state like Michigan with the kind of temperatures we experience and the value that customers receive for the cost of natural gas we'll be the last to go. I mean, our customers are really going to, they appreciate our natural gas as a home heating source and so I think it'd be a long time before there's a big change there but when that change happens as a combo utility we're in a good position to weather that.
Patricia Poppe: You know like I said Anthony and I'll just reiterate we're really comfortable with our business mix 90:10 and when we think about our enterprises business in particular we learn a lot from customers having them in the family. We get a chance to understand what the competitive marketplace looks like and it makes us a better utility and so we're very satisfied as I mentioned with our business mix.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. We will refile an IRP every three to five years and so as I mentioned we're preparing for next summer to file our next one. The agreement that we made for 50:50 ownership and purchasing PPAs with the financial compensation mechanism we felt was a great outcome for customers. It's a competitive marketplace. We're getting to see and observe the landscape. We do continue to learn and it'll be interesting to continue to learn. So I guess I would say it's too soon to say that we would recommend a change because we feel like it has provided a huge benefit to customers and investors given the FCM combined with the ownership and the PPAs. So I would just suggest it is too early to say that we would recommend any kind of change there and we continue to learn and balance that triple bottom-line.
Patricia Poppe: No. It is one of the things we love about renewables is that they are modular just in nature and so we can phase them in and as demand grows we can move them faster. If demand diminishes we can install them more slowly. We're not going to have just one big project. We're going to have lots of call it 200, 300 megawatt projects, maybe 100 megawatt projects and that gives us real modularity and I think that's a huge advantage to this clean energy transition over the old traditional just building big central station power plant, you were locked in. Once you dug that first hole there you went and that was going to be a real challenge if conditions changed and so we do love renewables for that feature.
Patricia Poppe: We are studying that. We understand that it's likely that they can and so we do find that intriguing and as we're doing our long-term gas planning, wandering and looking for opportunities to pilot being able to use hydrogen in a different way whether it's as a portion of our mix, whether we would use it in some blend in our power generating at our natural gas power plants or just in the system. So we're doing a lot of homework and study on hydrogen right now. We've joined with [indiscernible] and their carbon studies. So we're excited about learning more and we have a feeling that Michigan is going to be extraordinarily well-positioned if in fact that transformation starts to occur.
Patricia Poppe: Thanks Rocco and thanks again everyone for joining us today. I'd love to take just a moment to highlight that we will be working with [indiscernible] again this year to continue our efforts. We're never satisfied and so we're going to continue to pursue world-class performance including an investor relation. So be on the lookout for an email from the team for more details on that survey and we look forward to your honest feedback and continued support. We wish you all please be safe, be well and make sure to wear your darn mask. Thanks so much. Have a great day.
Rejji Hayes: Yes Shahr just to be clear, we haven't provided a point of view based on our latest modeling for equity needs in 21 and beyond but I think the working assumption that we provided as we rolled out our five-year plan in the first quarter of this year. We said 250 this year as you rightly note, and then we send run rate 150 per year that presuppose a $12.2 billion five year capital plan at the utility. And so as you know, we provide a new five-year look in Q1 and every year on our fourth quarter earnings call and so it will calibrate, will look at what the capital plan looks like from 21 through 25. And if that dictates additional equity needs then we will adjust accordingly, but I will say this, I feel very confident that this has been our general rule of thumb that we will be able to continue. We need to increase equity need to fill line of the capital plan. We should be able to continue to avoid block equity and really just be able to execute our equity needs to our dribble program, which I generally like to think is around 1.5% to 2% of our market cap. So we feel that the equity needs may change. We'll see what the math ends up in our 5-year plan, but I don't expect us to be issuing material amount equity every year going forward.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. It's a great question Shahr and so I think generally, we look at identify and realize cost savings are two classes. There are operating cost savings and non-operating cost savings. What we highlighted in our prepared remarks and this has been an ongoing theme over the course of this year as well in Q2. The vast majority of the savings realized to-date have been operating savings. There have been some not operating savings. So you probably saw in a waterfall slide that we had about 7% the benefits. Those are clearly non-operating and then Sri and the team and treasury have been really quite opportunistic in executing on a very attractively priced financing of the course this year. I can come back on the exact EPS amount. I think we had about a penny or two of upside this year and we do anticipate a good portion of that being ongoing and sustainable because the reality is if you price the bond below plan particularly with the recent plan you obviously have their savings over the life of the bond. And now obviously our debt financing needs will increase to fund capital and so you have some new money in there, but to refi those lower bond financing particular when we pull forward a bond maturities we have in the past those savings you should get it for several years.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So let me approach that in a couple of ways Shahr. So first there are I'll say the sales assumptions embeded in the pending election rate case which will capture all of fiscal year 2021 and so we're past the evidentiary phase. I don't want to pre-judge or foreshadow where the commission may end up. But I think clearly there is a change in the assumptions embedded in the rate case and then what we've observed over the course of 2020 and as we've talked about the last several quarters now we are seeing a favorable mix in the form of residential in excess of expectations and C&I I'll say slightly down. Now the variables which could lead to a tailwind in 2021, it's clearly residential. We've seen just this sustained level of residential non-weather uptick and I think it has a lot to do with remote working a number of companies have sustained that and we said we have a sense they may sustain it even post-pandemic and so that could provide a bit of a tailwind going into next year. And then the rate or pace at which C&I has recovered over the course this year has also been a little bit of surprise to the upside. And so going into the next year there's what's invented in the rate case and so there may be a little bit of upside there but then if you think about okay now that we're 10 months smarter since we filed our rate case what are we seeing and how do we think that compares to what we've seen over the course of 2020. And I'll say it's fair to assume that the pandemic started out in the kind of mid March timeframe in Michigan and we had the shelter in place in late March and so a lot of the effects of the pandemics are flowing through our 2020 forecast. And so when you think of the year-over-year comparison, I don't expect we'll see a material bump in residential versus what we've experienced so far in 2020 because again a lot of that's already reflected in our numbers but I do think C&I will see I think it could be flatish. I hate to put a letter to any type of shape of a recovery. I would say the Nike Swoosh seems to me to be the most applicable shape. I've also heard people talk about a K-shape because you will have some sectors that bounce back quickly and some that do not and so I hate the hazard to guess at this point. But I think it'll be a gradual recovery and a continued recovery for C&I. Again we've been surprised to be upset but pandemic has yet to be contained. So we'll obviously plan cautiously as we always do.
Rejji Hayes: I'd be happy to. So Durgesh as you know the Biden team has rolled out at least a preliminary look on fiscal policy and so what we've seen is a potential increase in the marginal tax rate from 21% to 28% and since federal tax reform is in the two distant past you may recall just sort of the puts and takes that we saw there and so I think conceptually you can anticipate that there may be a rate increase and that's obviously the inverse of what we saw when we went from a 35% tax rate down to 21% and so there would potentially be a rate increase and the commission in Michigan was very thoughtful and how they incorporated that into our filing process and I anticipate that they'll probably take a similar approach. And so obviously that will eat into headroom, but I think we've proven time and time again irrespective of the headwind we'll manage the cost to make sure that our customers bills stay at or below inflation. And so there will be a likely rate impact that you see an increase in tax rate. Now the upside is that there was cash flow and credit metric degradation on the heels of federal tax reform. So if you see a 7% increase in the marginal tax rate you should see a cash flow benefit as well as some credit metric accretion on the other side of that and that will presumably lower our funding costs and that too will offset some of the rate impact. So I think you'll see some pros and cons and it's almost the inverse of what we saw when we had federal tax reform in 17.
Rejji Hayes: The only thing I will add to Patti's comment is that obviously the tax credits can help address the cost related problem or cost-related challenge and that's a big element of thee equation, but the other elements of the equation obviously are resource adequacy and I'll also add balance sheet to that equation. And so I think if you're getting at whether that could lead to an accelerated retirement of coal, you'd have to see an improvement in the cost and again tax credits may get that but also the efficacy of those alternative resources if you really want to be comfortable taking out say two gigawatts of coal on an accelerated basis and then balance sheet Moody still continues to impute securitization as debt. And so again if you think about the rate base we have in our coal facilities and that potentially becoming dead in an accelerated fashion there are balance sheet issues as well. So I think cost is a huge component that tax credits could solve but we have to make sure that all elements of the equation add up to the interest of the triple bottom-line.
Rejji Hayes: Andrew, I'll answer your last question first. I mean the quick answer is very comfortable with 2 billion net liquidity position and I mentioned in Q2 that the 3 billion that we had at that point there was a bit of timing in that where we had some looming maturity that just didn't flow through our second quarter numbers and they were pending and you'll see that if you compare the maturities in this document versus what we shared in the second quarter. We feel very good about the 2 billion. My sense it'll come down a little bit more again because in the nation stages of the pandemic we really wanted to err on the side of having excess liquidity particularly given the cost of funds but longer term again we will not have a bunch of lazy capital just sitting on our balance sheet. We'll put it to work and that's what we look to do over the next couple of quarters.
