John Russell: Thank you, D.V., and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call. I missed the last earnings calls due to emergency surgery. Now, I'm back and feeling good and I want to thank the management team for doing a great job while I was recovering. Now, let's get to business. I'll begin the call with an update on earnings, provide an operational and legislative update, and talk about some recent renewable energy developments and how those fit into the generation portfolio. And then I'll turn over to Tom, he will discuss in greater detail the quarter and additional upside. Adjusted earnings per share for the first nine months were $1.51. This is up $0.09 from last year, or 10% on a weather adjusted basis. Today we are raising the bottom-end of our 2015 adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.01 to a new range of $1.87 to a $1.89. This is up 6% to 7% over last year. In addition, we are introducing 2016 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $1.97 to $2.01. This is up 5% to 7%, which supports our consistent and year-over-year predictable performance. Here is a view of our past performance and future expectations. Our past earnings performance has been consistent and predictable. We are confident in our plan to achieve the higher end of earnings growth. Further growth up side not in our plan include more renewables, new capacity and more investment in our gas system, already one of the largest in the United States with 1.7 million customers, 29,000 miles of distribution and transmission pipeline, and over 300 billion cubic feet of annual deliveries. Operationally, we continue to have strong performance both electric and gas residential customers' rate us in the first quartile for customer satisfaction. We continue to leverage our large gas system with low natural gas prices and the largest LDC gas storage system in the country. We have invested more than $400 million in gas transmission and compression in recent years and our customers are benefiting from that investment. Our customers are paying 60% less for natural gas than one decade ago, creating headroom for additional investments. Overall, the businesses operating at a very high level and we're sitting company records in safety, reliability, and generation. Recently, our unit three coal plant completed a record continuous run of 679 days. That is the sixth longest ever in the United States. Our major projects continue on schedule. We're seeing better-than-expected results from the Ludington upgrade, smart meters are being very well received by our customers and we're adding more gas compression. In addition to the strong operational results, we've had a string of recent economic development wins. Our strategy has been to partner with state agencies and target companies looking to expand or site new facilities in Michigan. As these customers begin operations we should see an increase our sales and a lift to the overall economy. The update, the Michigan Energy Law continues to move closer towards the goal line. The Senate and House are closely aligned and final bills are expected after hearings are completed this month. Over the next two months we expect committee and full votes from both the Senate and the House. This will allow time for the Governor to sign the Bill into law by the end of the year. A comprehensive update will help to eliminate unfair subsidies and integrated resource plan will ensure there are sufficient resources in place to meet the supply needs of our customers and to comply with Federal and State environmental regulations. But as a reminder, our long-term plan is based on the existing 2008 Energy Law and not changes to this law. We're not waiting for new energy legislation to introduce more renewables into our portfolio. Recently we signed a competitive wind purchase power agreement, the 100-megawatt contract spent 15 years with an option to purchase. We have broken ground on the state's largest solar gardens at Grand Valley State University's campus. By the end of 2016 we plan to have 10 megawatts of utility scale solar on our system. These additions to our portfolio will increase the renewable energy share beyond the 10% required in the 2008 energy law. With the retirement of seven coal units next spring, our coal mix will shrink to less than 24% of total capacity by 2017. The addition of the Jackson gas fired plant will add more flexibility while reducing operating costs. The major expansion at our Ludington Pumped Storage facility also will improve our portfolio. Overall, we're in a good position to meet the EPA's clean power plan. Although, there still is a lot of work to do we expect Michigan to be fully compliant with the deadline. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss the third quarter results.
John Russell: Yes, let's go through it. Right now I think they're mostly just small adjustments to the bill. There's some issues going on today about retail open access. When they return how many years they have to have capacity, whether it's three years, five years, so there's some issues there. And what's the determining factor for if there is a shortfall Michigan. On the integrated resource plan, I think you're going to see some debate about the difference between having the integrated resource plan and also having a renewable energy standard. So, right now these are kind of I would call adjustments to bring the bills together. We're the very end of this process, so I would expect that they happen, but most of its really revolving around the retail open access. And as the queue continue, there's a queue that we beyond the 10%. The customers come back, do they have the right to leave or do they stay throughout that entire time. So, that's what's going on today. I think an important piece to Tom and I both mentioned and we want everyone to understand, we're not planning for any changes in our plan for the next five years that this law will change. So, if it does change, these are things that can benefit us as Tom talked about in his section of the presentation.
John Russell: Right now - again with giving you guidance 5% to 7%, we continue to hit the high end of that through the years. Right now you know what our process is and Tom showed it on one of his slides. We continue to go back and reinvest the positive weather, the cost savings for customers and their value. So, we're going to continue to do that. We see plenty of opportunities that way. On the other hand though as Tom mentioned, if the law passes and if all this stuff happens, yeah, there may be an opportunity in the future sometime to with a new plant or PPAs to do something that would cause even additional capital investment for us, which could drive some earnings growth.
John Russell: If - I want to make sure I understand, Dan. The plan, it looks like it's going to, is an integrated resource plan. The process that is used today is the state which I give the governor a lot of credit for this. What he is doing is trying to develop the best plan possible for Michigan and he's coordinating a lot of departments to work on this at the front-end. So there's no surprises at the back in. What the legislation will do, we expect is to support the integrated resource plan. And what I mean by that is to hit the clean power plan target. If we need to reproduce more renewable energy, or more energy through renewable energy or have energy efficiency that will all be included in this plan. Now the good news about the law the way it is today, at least, not the law but the bills that are there is that, that would allow us to go forward and have our capital plans approved to meet the integrated resource plan and that's the assurance we want that as we go forward to meet the plan for the clean power plan which is a federal law that the state law and regulation supports us meeting that target. And I think as many of you know many of the laws - some of the regulations that the EPA has come up with has up an overturned at the last minute. We don't want that to affect our investments and whether it's the right choice. So the preapproval process is important to us.
John Russell: I think the three to five years that really is - what we want here Dan and we've been pushing in the legislation, we want to have it material that if somebody is going out to the market and if we have to supply them later, we have to have enough time to build that asset or secure that asset. So I think five years is right. If three years is what it comes down to that probably gives us sufficient time with more risk than the five-year component? And as far as DIG, I will turned it over to Tom because he keeps talking about that for already, so I will turned it over to him.
John Russell: Let me just add to that. I absolutely agree with what Tom said. And look at our gas business, I mean as big as our gas business is and the fact that our prices - customer prices are down 60%, I mean, this is a good opportunity to put the infrastructure in place now without putting a real burden on our customers because their costs are really coming down rather than going up. So that's what we're trying to see in the gas case that we are testing to.
John Russell: The Residential and Commercial segments have been flat at best. So up a little bit one month, down a little bit the next month, sort of flat to down. Industrial has done pretty well and continues underneath to do very well. But in this year we got when customer who had an outage that they are coming back very slowly from. We don't make a lot of money on this customer because it's a very good rate, but it is still important to us for as business. So is there coming back up, we're probably going to see most of that benefit show up next year than some of it this year as we had hoped and anticipated. So the outlook that I'm giving you probably still pretty good where we talk about Industrial at 2% a little bit better, and this is not of energy efficiencies. When you look out to 2016 and we are going to tell you flat to down on Residential and Commercial because candidly they are not picking up like they do out of the typical recovery after a session. So we're going to plan on half a point of growth. We're probably a little conservative. But we will see how that plays out. We would rather be there and not be hurt much in our self-funding plans on rates by counting on too much from sales. But good observation. We have been flat, Residential/Commercial and Industrial which typically would've been up more than you are seeing now is one heavy user who is just coming back from their outage, much slower than they had anticipated.
John Russell: So an easy way to see that is slide 17 and the one that says O&M cost performance, and you can see there the dollars and how they are really happening in the next few years where from 2014 to 2018 we will take out about $100 million net, there's a lot of ups in there as well. But net down $100 million and that's worth 10%. So you can do that math and bring it down little bit and think $10 million is about 1%, if that helps a little bit. So then when you think about our self-funding model, we're looking for about two points of cost reductions, so 2%. And that, mixed with the other things we have over the next five years keeps us in a position where we could grow as high as 7% and our customer rates would still be at or below inflation which we're guessing at roughly 2%. So that gives you some of the math that you can work with. I hope that helps.
John Russell: Sure. If you look at them in the categories that we laid them out, the two way communications as we called it, which is more mobility, that's something that's going in place now. But you've got to have your systems well-coordinated to make that work. So I will give you an idea around that. Smart meters in over the next year and two will have most of our smart meters in and with that will come some mobility plus. So that sort of a timeframe where you might see that kind of thing happen. On the grid modernization, I had push that out little bit further, because that's better data, better line sensors, but smart meters, so I would go out several years before I would think of that as an opportunity. So you've got one couple of years from now, another one maybe five years from now and then go down to work management. Now that's one where we will actually get improvements every month, every quarter, every year, and it will start slow. It is this simple. I always tell people when you are changing your process, try this yourself. If you drive a car and you back out of the driveway and you try to back out and turn the opposite direction of what you normally do. It is very hard to do. I guarantee if you try to do that over the course of one week you're going to be wrong at least a couple of times during that week. So it takes a lot of discipline, a lot of work and then a lot of practice to make these things happen. Plus, we need some better systems for our work management and that's going to take us some time to put in place. So I'd say you will see gradual bits of that come in over next year. Small amounts and the in a little bit more the next year and during the life of five years I think you will see a lot of that begin to happen. So I would call that one over five years. I would call technology or line loss past five years and communication something over the five-year period. And keep in mind, some of these will end up blending right in to our plans. They will actually be some of the cost reductions we're talking about, but a lot of these will be incremental and that is a nice place to be.
John Russell: Let me start and then Tom you may want to pile on this one a little bit. Let me just go back and say again we're very comfortable with our 5% to 7% growth rate. And what has helped us is we really balance the financial performance for investors with the customer value that they get. So, what we're constantly doing is looking at the financial, the operational, and the customer side of this business. We think today for the next several years, there's more opportunity to invest and I'm talking not only capital, but O&M back into customer value and back into operations. Just as Tom talked about in the previous question, here's the truck rolls and some of the things we need to improve on. That's where I think for the next few years we really need to continue to invest and continue to grow at 5% to 7%, which is higher than our peers. What would cause this to change; I think as Tom said in the slide that up there right now, you can see if the law goes into effect, and Tom made a good point I want to emphasize, if the law goes into effect as we expect and there are shortages of capacity in Michigan, which we expected the future, customers will return to us. But it's not going to happen overnight and it's going to take time. So, we will roll that in as we go forward. But if you look at that in the future, if the customer's satisfaction continues to be first quartile and if the operations continue to be best-in-class then there may be a few catalysts that Tom talked about in the out years that would drive us to that. And you saw there, the PPAs are long-term. The retail open access is shorter term than the PPA, need to replace those. That's where I think you ought to think about for us. I mean our plan is pretty good that we have here today and there's upsides which we wanted to show you, but right now we don't want to commit to those yet because there is more work to do in the base business that we have.
John Russell: Yes it is. [indiscernible] is existing site that we have. It has gas infrastructure, it has electric infrastructure in place. We currently have a permit that I think extends through this year into next year. So we have an active permit to build on that site that's been approved by the DEQ. I do not expect to move forward with that would pretty much put the project on hold until we see what happens with legislation, but yes it's a great site, it's ready. The community will accept it. We've got some older peekers on the site right today and we could move forward if we need to.
John Russell: I think generally everybody agrees with start with retail open access. We have to do something about it because there's an unfair subsidy. What we do about it, is a debate. Is it 10% with the Q? Is it full regulation which we're moving away from full regulation more to keeping the 10% with probably a one-way door? So if you return you'll stay with utility. The integrated resource plan is a bit of a debate because what the governor is trying to do is, put in a plan that meets the EPA clean power plan that also is best for Michigan. While at the same time, I think some of the Democrats in the House and Senate want to have a standard in there that they can count on to that, that will be part of the law regardless of what happens with the integrated resource plan so that's a debate right now. The commonality, I think we talked about this in the past from a regulatory standpoint, self-implementation will go away but we will advance the timing of rate cases from 12 months to 10 months and if they are not been in 10 months you go into full implementation. It doesn't - it really is.
John Russell: And we are in quite a great position if nothing changed but this is a wonderful opportunity to address the EPA rules and to address renewables and to address our way and to address a little bit better regulation. And so there's a lot of opportunity in there for our customers and we are thrilled about it. And I'm going to pile on just one more time, Paul is that, you also have two leaders there three with the governor, but these two leaders have spent a lot of time with Senator Nofs and Representative Nesbitt to get this thing right so that they could be aligned. They have spent a lot of time, a lot of committee hearings and they've been talking about for quite a while. So when they bring it together they want to make sure that the debate is limited.
John Russell: It is in the bills, whether it makes it or not, we will see. But it is in the bills. On the gas, it exists today.
Thomas Webb: I still think it's an important as Mustang GT but whatever. The truth is, even today some of our capacity, not much, but some of our capacity actually goes to some of the AESs to serve retail open access customers. We don't have any bias for or against that, and if there is a change in the law it's probably going to be a gradual change anyhow people need support and we'll provide that. I would tell you the principle purpose though of DIG is to supply folks in Michigan, where it can and to back up the utilities there is needs there. So it has a nice dual purpose and it really is a good engine because for the first time today I kind of admitted that the $20 million for 2016 probably going to look more like $35 million for 2017. It's almost impossible at this point with the contracts that we have not to have that happen. So it is a nice opportunity.
Thomas Webb: It is still on the table. And for example, in smaller portions it is already being done in Michigan for utilities, but not the big picture. So not the question you are asking for covering all of your capital. So I think some people see this as a wonderful opportunity to actually have better more thorough regulation looking at the total business around CapEx rather than just a narrow slice of one year. So there are folks who think it's a really good thing and, of course, we would be happy with it. And there are folks who think you should not look at that far. Here's what I believe is going to happen. More and more there has been interest and people of asked us more about it in the decision-making process. So we are moving in that direction. If we move into the integrated resource planning process, it may even dump the whole idea because it may give you the confidence you need for capital investment over several years so that you kind of got that support you need. It's a little different, but it's kind of the same answer. So one way or another I think we are all going to be looking further out at the business together so better decisions are made for customers.
Thomas Webb: So, I'll just add the real purpose of this slide we show where it says we self-fund a lot of the growth for our customers and their rate is when we are talking about the upside opportunity, we're trying to demonstrate short-term if ROA customers came back and longer-term when we might need to replace those PPAs and we could build gas plants or put in wind farms cheaper than the PPAs. Those are opportunities that we can put in place. And by the way there were - those things I just said as much as $3 billion. But those are opportunities we could do without hurting the self-funding part, without causing our customers to have bills going up any higher. So, that's really the illustration there. Conversations about where we might go beyond five to seven I think are something for the future, but we want you to know we wouldn't go there if we couldn't take care of our customers at the same time.
Thomas Webb: Well, it could be both. But, what we assume and our numbers now is that we would have about a 1% energy efficiency deduct from the economic growth. And when I say it could be both, the other thing that's not in our numbers is a heavy hand on economic development where we're beginning to see a lot of progress now. So, economic development brings in more customers, spreads that base, there could be room for energy efficiency to go up and be even higher and still get these numbers that were talking about. So I think we've got you in the right ballpark whatever happens.
Thomas Webb: I would just say, you've got two bills one in the house and one in the Senate that it moves closer together.
Thomas Webb: And there is a lot of similarity in those bills, but there are some people who really don't like certain parts and so of course now is the time people are pushing real hard. So there are individuals who are pushing real hard on different points in different ways that, but I would say the momentum is in those two bills which is pretty good. So I would say there's a lot more commonality at this point, even with a lot of arguments going on from the few people to move ahead with the pretty good law. I think, Paul that we're confident we will be done by the end of year because there isn't - I mean we've had the hearings, the hearings are completed. We are very close and I think they are very close. If they weren't I don't think we would have rated this as successful by the end of the year. Here we are almost in November that in two months the thing is going to get done.
Thomas Webb: So the way it is structured in there is optionality. It so it so that if utility wanted to ask the public service commission for decoupling, then they could do that. It gives the commission the authority to do that with the clarity that wasn't there for both gas and electric last time. And then the commission and the utilities get a chance to decide if they want to put it to use when they get out there in future rate cases.
Thomas Webb: No, we don't see any issues there. I think the filings and the things they are doing with FERC to move along and keep the plant and running successfully appeared to be all going well. You know, our only issue candidly is that at the end of the contract with us we would like to make sure for our customers that it is more economical. If it turns out that building a gas plant is a lot cheaper for our customers then we are going to have to negotiate hard to extend the contract or go with what's best for them. But everything we know and you should ask them rather than us, they appear to be doing a good job.
Thomas Webb: No, we're so chicken, we are unbelievable. We have just because we got frightened in 2002 we never let go of this idea that we just want to be conservative when it comes to the financial side of the business. So for the parent, we actually reach out for two years and we don't necessarily take the debt out, but we raise the debt so the cash is in place. We don't do it with arbitrage or hedging or anything like that. We literally raise the cash. You are going to say what kind of conservative people are you? But we are. So we raise it. We put that in put in place and when economics are right actually call the debt and take it out, we do that. So we have the resources ready to go for two years out in time. And it's just that simple. There's no magic to it.
Thomas Webb: Do you mean how much cash? You know, what, this is really easy to do because we give you our maturity schedule on the parent and utility, just look at that and look forward and you can see either that there is nothing left for the next two years or whenever the debt is look at cash line and you will see it is bigger than that. So you can watch that all the time. As we move through time depending on the size of the maturities.
