Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Rejji, and thank you, Glenn, for your service. As we’ve highlighted today, we’ve had a great first half of the year. We are pleased to have delivered such strong results. We’re positioned well to continue that momentum into the second half of the year as we focus on finalizing the sale of the bank and moving through the IRP process. I’m proud to lead this great team, and we can’t wait to share our success as we move forward together. This is an exciting time at CMS Energy. With that, Rocco, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: Jerry, I think you said some key words, opportunity in one word I’d add -- or two words, I guess, I would add to that is, upward momentum. And so off of 2022, 6% to 8%, we’re going to lever toward the high end of that through 2025. And then when I think about the IRP, there’s obviously two big tranches, let’s say, Covert in 2023 and the acquisition of that facility and also the enterprise facilities on 2025. Those are incremental to the plan, to the capital plan. And those strengthen and lengthen that growth through that time period. And so again, I feel confident in our ability to deliver on that. And I think this is a great plan with upward momentum as we look at that time period from 2022 to 2025.
Garrick Rochow: Jeremy, I wish you could see my face, I’ve got a big grin on my face. I’m smiling. I love to have a case where there’s no push back and there’s no innovators that happened with every case, as you well know. But here’s where I see the IRP there is a win in here and this is why it’s remarkably there’s a win for everyone that saw the intervenors or stakeholders. When I think about the environmental community 60% reduction in Co2, well above and beyond the requirements of the Paris Accord the 2 degree and the 1.5 degrees scenario, well above and beyond what Biden proposed for 2030. So a big win for the environmental community in there. A big one for our customers affordability, $650 million of savings. That’s a great opportunity. Reliability or maybe better state and resiliency of the electric grid. This is a more reliable plan that our previous IRP. We have done more homework to ensure that we don’t have a Texas like situation as we look forward to the future with intermittent resource. I feel really great about that. And then for our investors over a billion dollars of incremental investment. The ability to treat these assets, and other securitization is voluntary. The ability to treat these assets, the existing assets than the book value as a regulatory asset process. I feel really good. There’s a winning here for everyone. And then there’s a win for everyone the opportunity to reach settlement and even if it’s not fair enough to go the whole distance I feel really good about that. And just one last reminder on this 2018 IRP number of intervenors engaged with that. We settled that case, 21 IRP number of intervenors in that case, and with that pattern of wins that I just walked through, there’s a great way that we can reach a great outcome of our IRP, feel good about it Jeremy.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks for your question. It’s great to hear from you. That’s exactly what we stated six to eight. We expect to deliver toward the high end and the IRP cohort and those enterprises assets strengthen and lengthen that path. So absolutely.
Garrick Rochow: Well, I’d actually started with this year in 2021. This momentum that we have right now carries into 2022. Hopefully, you heard that in our comments from the $2.85 to $2.87, and we’ll continue to revisit that on the quarterly calls. But again, that carries into this plan. And remember what we do, we rebase off that source. So we deliver, we either meet or exceed guidance. And then that’s the point where we rebase off of. And so it’s that compounding effect that you’ve seen time and time again. And so that’s an important piece of it. But also we think about the entire triple bottom line. And so I think a great example of this IRP, we’re going to put $1.3 billion in, and it saves our customers $650 million. That’s at CE Way mindset coming play, making these investments, attacking the cost stack, share of wallets 3%. It was 4% went to 3% share wallet. So we balance all those things, the affordability, the balance sheet and make this come together. So again, I feel really confident about our glide path forward. And Rejji, might have some comments on that as well.
Garrick Rochow: Yes, I’m going to add to that. I just want to be just crystal clear on this, not only affordability piece, but those natural gas plants are required for resiliency in the state. You can’t get here from there. That’s just bottom line. And so it’s that crystal clear. And that’s why I have just a high degree of confidence.
Garrick Rochow: Well, you said pretty confident. I would change that word to really confident. And so there’s a little bit [indiscernible] your question. But I’m equally confident in our dividend piece. And what you heard from me is that confidence in dividend growth for 2022, we recognize the importance of it, and we have it built into our financial plan. I really want to hand it over to Rejji here because there is an important piece that’s associated with the sale of the bank and closure in Q4 that also shapes that dividend. And so that’s why we’re -- most pieces have to come together so that we can share that potential here at the end of the year. But go ahead, Rejji.
Garrick Rochow: And just add to that. There’s -- with the sale and that closure there, there’s upside potential there from a dividend perspective, again. So we want to be able to -- our investors to be able to share some of that positive news.
Garrick Rochow: I don’t know about most challenging. I think that’s -- I’ll just tell you this, Anthony. Back in 2014 and 2015, I was a policy witness. I’ve been on the stand with interveners been crossed by attorneys. They go after a lot of different things in the case. And here’s -- again, we’ve got strong testimony. We got great precedent. We’re used to this stuff. We do this all the time with our rate cases. We’ve done it with a previous IRP. I don’t think there’s anything this team can’t handle, frankly. And so -- and we’re prepared to do that. As Rejji alluded to a minute ago, there’s a lot of detail, a lot of modeling and data that went into this. And so it’s a very strong case.
Garrick Rochow: Well, I do feel comfortable with it. There’s a precedent set in Colorado, Florida, Wisconsin for a similar approach in Michigan. We do have a nice ability to securitize, but it is voluntary, and that’s an important piece of this. And so it’s essentially -- in 2025, it’s about $1.2 billion of remaining book value, to going through and securitize that just doesn’t make sense. This is going to be a drag in credit metrics. They have an impact on cost of capital, which ultimately shows up on the customers’ bill. That’s -- I mean, that doesn’t make sense. And so we’ve really got a good approach there. It’s different than how we’ve approached it previously. But again, there’s a nice precedent that’s been set, and I’m really -- the testimony -- I’ve reviewed the testimony, it’s -- we’re in a good spot.
Garrick Rochow: I think Rejji and I will tag team this one. And so let me just kind of frame up when I think about our capital plans. And I think we’ll talk about our current work across our utility but also this IRP. And so at the end of the year, in our January call, we’re going to add another year to that five-year capital plan, and that’s going to be more capital opportunity. That five-year plan is going to grow. And it’s going to be in our gas business, it’s going to be in our electric distribution business. And so there’s some growth opportunity there. Then we’ll continue to follow this IRP through the process through that 10-month process. Again, we feel confident in the outcome of that. And then that’s an incremental 1.3. And so you can imagine in Q2 of 2022, we’re going to -- with a successful outcome, there will be an adjustment in 2023 to accommodate the Covert facility. And then also an adjustment in 2025. And so you can see some of that play out over the five years and into the 10-year because when you look at this integrated resource plan, it goes from ‘25 to ‘27. And so some of that still will be able to fall in the 10-year piece as well. And so there’s some update that will take place along those lines. So that’s kind of the capital layout. But, Rejji, certainly, tag team this with me.
Garrick Rochow: I’ll just add to that, just a little bit of clarification. So those new service connections -- interconnections, those are installs. Those aren’t someone dreaming of a house or thinking about a business. Those are actually in the ground. And so again, it gives you some idea of the momentum here. We continue to have unemployment rates well below the national average here in Michigan in the heart of our service territory. Grand Rapids, it’s even better. And just to give you a little flavor over the quarter, we’ve even seen growth in, again, macro trends and people opening new business in Michigan. In fact, we’re under an NDA right now with the company. But it’s $300 million investment, 30 megawatts, 150 jobs that are locating here in our service territory in Michigan. And I could [indiscernible] two other examples of that. And so coming out of the pandemic here, and we’re seeing a nice economic development growth here in Michigan as well.
Garrick Rochow: Yes. The remaining book value in 2025 of the those coal plants would be $1.2 billion. That is another consideration in this filing.
Garrick Rochow: I do follow what you’re saying. And so we look at -- across that 5-year plan of investments we look at the rate impact and two, the bill impact, which is also critically important for our residential and commercial customers. And so that is part of the five year. And as we -- again, this incremental capital of $1.3 billion, it provides $650 million of savings over our current plan. And so this is -- so again, this comes together nicely to your point, Paul, from an affordability perspective for our customers.
Garrick Rochow: Well again I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Again strong quarter, great first half of the year and upward momentum and just again I’m looking forward to seeing everyone in person here as we again faithfully as we move through the latter half of the year. Take care and be safe.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Good morning Jeremy. Good question. So where we sit today, we’re comfortable saying up to 100 because of the preferred stock issuance. And remember, we’ve got a little north of 50 million of that already locked in through fours. We’ll continue to evaluate opportunities over the course of this year. And if we can reduce that, we may do that. But for now, we’re comfortable saying up to 100 million. 
Rejji Hayes: Insoo, the only thing I would add to Garrick’s good comments is, as you think longer term, we noted in the IRP that we intend to do about eight gigawatts of solar new build, and that’s about two gigawatts higher than the prior plan. And so that creates additional capital investment opportunities. We’re assuming it’s a similar construct where it’s about 50% owned and 50% contracted. However, if we continue to be more and more cost competitive, that could create additional upside to own more of that opportunity over time. You couple that with the fact that we’ve talked about the $3 billion to $4 billion of upside opportunities in our 10-year capital plan, a portion of which we think will be in our next five-year plan, but there’ll still be balance after that. And so as we continue to take costs, whether it’s through the CE Way or some of these episodic opportunities like PPAs, repricing and so on, well, that creates more headroom to bring in that additional capital. So we feel very good about the long-term glide path for capital growth, which drives rate base growth and then earnings.
Rejji Hayes: Insoo, the only thing I would add to that is that trust that we evaluated the number of different permutations that as instructed for the IRP construct. And so we certainly looked at whether we could transition to renewable power more rapidly or fully in as a substitute for the retirements and the economics just don’t get you there, plus you also introduce significant reliability and resilience trends given the lack of really long-term storage solutions. And so we certainly evaluated it. But as Garrick noted, we deem this plan where it sits today as the best plan for Michigan. And also with the gas facilities and obviously foregoing the O&M and capital we know we would have on our coal facilities, you take that into account with the fuel arbitrage you get from gas versus coal and just less purchases you now have controllable dispatch. It just brings substantial cost savings to customers, which would not be offered if we went to a full renewable solution in lieu of gas as a bridge fuel. So we feel like this is the most economic opportunity for all stakeholders.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, that’s right. So if you think about some of the dynamism we might see in the second half of the year, the closing and the timing of the closing of the EnerBank transaction could certainly impact what we might plan to do for 2022 dividend. But to go back to Garrick’s comments, our commitment is to grow the dividend beyond the $1.74 per share, where it is today. And then longer term, again, we’ll certainly have that dividend grow commensurate with earnings. But certainly, the bank sale and the timing of that will have an impact in the near term and then longer term, again, right in line with earnings growth. And so we feel highly confident that we will have a competitive dividend. And we know that it’s a core part of our value proposition, as Garrick noted in his prepared remarks.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. Constantine, we’ve been quite pleased with what we’ve seen really across all of the customer classes to date. And so we have good detail on the 15-page guide just we distributed. Also in the appendix, you can see the year-to-date trends in the presentation today. And so we’ve got residential year-to-date down a little over 1%. That compares favorably to plan. We had much more bearish expectations because we were assuming a more rapid return to facilities. And so our full year plan was something closer to down roughly 5% and we’re ahead of plan. So that does imply that we’re seeing a good level of stickiness to this mass teleworking trend, which I do think will be part of a post-pandemic normal. And obviously, that’s higher-margin load. And so residential continues to outperform our expectations. And then we’re also seeing commercial and industrial, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, come back nicely. And so year-to-date, commercial is up around 3.5%. And we had in our plan about that level and then industrials at 13% year-to-date, 2021 versus 2020. And our plan, we said on a full year basis, about 6% up. And so we’re seeing surprise to the upside across all fronts. And so intra-year, that obviously creates upside and potential contingencies as we go into the second half of the year. But longer term, as you roll that into your rate cases, that creates headroom because you’re introducing more kilowatt hours into the denominator of your rate calculation. So we feel very good about the road ahead to date. It’s still early days; the pandemic is not behind us yet. But again, we’re still seeing very encouraging trends on the load side. The other leading indicators we’ve talked about in the past are just interconnection activities, new service requests; they’re up over 30% year-to-date versus where they were in 2020. And 2020 may not be the best comp given the pandemic. So we also look at 2019, again, up 30% versus where we were pre-pandemic. So interconnections are strong, staking requests are strong. Customer counts are quite good with commercial up 1%. And so again, everything seems to be trending from a load perspective in the right direction.
Rejji Hayes: So Paul, this is Rejji. So a couple of things there. So Moody’s, as you may recall, treat securitized debt as debt in their metric calculations. And so you have that levering effect of securitizations because they are effectively nonrecourse debt, but Moody’s is the one rating agency that does impute it as debt. And so that $1.2 billion that Garrick noted would be dollar-for-dollar accounted as debt in our credit metric calculations. So you’ve got credit dilution there. And then you couple that with the fact that you’re going to forego earnings on $1.2 billion of rate base over time. And so you couple sort of the impact on the denominator where you just have dollar for dollar debt of $1.2 billion, and then you have the dilution in your numerator because you’re foregoing earnings on that equity portion of that rate base over that period of time. That’s what offers that levering effect.
