Tom Webb: I’ll tell you, the way to think about how it shows up, it shows up two different ways for us in the utility here in Michigan. In one manner, if we invest moneys like we’ve just did some pre-funding, that essentially is built into the working capital piece of our rate base. So we get to earn on it. And then in the other fashion, if it’s just in our cost structure, it’s in our expenses so that in that case we get to earn on that as we put it into our next rate case whenever this change up or down. And I think that’s really pretty simple.
Tom Webb: And Paul, while we were chatting, I had the guys look up something to give you a little flavor on the benefit expenses overall. For 2010 compared to ’09, we’re down about $0.04, and a lot of that’s the restructuring work we talked about and the other items we talked about. As you look ahead to 2011, we plan for about $0.01 of bad news, most of that’s driven by the lower discount rate net of other things.
Tom Webb: Dan, it’s a great question, thank you. I’ll just, for all listeners, just recap. We did see residential was off of about 2% this last year and we expect it to be up 1% to 2% this year. Commercial was down about 1% last year, and we expect it to be flat this year. Industrial had a nice recovery of about 10% last year, and we expect that to continue with tougher comps of course to be about 6%. Here’s what I read. We are not completely out of the woods. The whole country is, and Michigan included, is still dealing with a slow jobs recovery that comes along with the recovery in the economy. What our customers are telling us though is a lot of them are right back up to where they were before on their production, particularly metals, in autos, in castings, a lot in the food area. So there is a lot of good news coming through. What we see is caution in the degree of their hiring. They are trying to hold their productivity levels so the residential side stays a little soft. So we expect to see that come around and then commercial to follow that. Now, with double-dips for country ignored, I think we are on a nice deliberate recovery and our planning and our projections may be too conservative. I know they were last year when we said ’10 would be down and it turned to be up. But I really do think we’re going to see a slow, good, solid recovery, again, absent disasters in the Middle East or whatever could happen in the world. But we’re going to keep planning conservatively and hopefully let the economy come back a little bit better to our customers than what we project.
Tom Webb: I sure can. In fact, I’m going to try to give you a little bit of perspective on how they shifted around a little bit. We would have told you before bonus depreciation that we would have ended this last year at about $1.2 billion while we ended at $1.5 billion on a gross basis. We now anticipate that that will not be eliminated. We won’t use all of that up until we get out into 2014 where we’ll still have some AMT credits and the like that give us some nice protection.
Tom Webb: In the appendix of the presentation we sent out today, Appendix five, I’m told, we give you a little year-by-year the gross – four, so I can’t count that the CFO trouble counting every now. Appendix four. You can see the NOLs, both gross and net levels along with the AMTs.
Tom Webb: Yes. Two thoughts there. In Michigan, like in some states, but not all states, our deferred taxes are actually over on the liability side. They are not on the asset side of the balance sheet. So it really doesn’t change our rate base when we do this. But it does impact earnings and which we easily offset by taking on a little less debt than we plan. And we accelerated a little bit of our investment, including putting some money into our pension fund earlier than planned. Al those things together fully offset the earnings impact at the utility and then we did some similar things at the parent level. But there is a downside to this that I want to make sure that everybody knows. The downside is, because we’ll take the tax benefits at the utility, we’ll have a couple years here where we’ll take on a little bit more debt at the parent until we’re able to use the NOLs which are at the parent. So you will see our parent debt come up just a little bit, but you’ll also see it go right back now, as we get back to using the NOLs. The greatest news of all, NOLs last us longer and they’ve got a life that goes out beyond 2023. So we were thrilled to have the benefit at the utility to extend the consolidated benefits of NOLs and not have the issue.
Tom Webb: Well, no equity through ’15. And what we’ve done with bonus depreciation is short that up. We had some tools we were using to be able to avoid the need for equity. We know we’re not under any stress at all because we’ve got the extra cash coming up from the bonus depreciation that we hadn’t counted on, which lets us use our NOLs even later, which makes the ability to avoid equity through 2015 a lot better. We have no fear of equity, and I want everyone to know that. If we ever need it to issue equity, we would come, we would tell you, and it would be for really good business reason or we wouldn’t do it. The great news is, unlike most folks, we don’t need to.
Tom Webb: They look – if we’re looking at the same slide, they look pretty linear to me. But what will happen as you go in time – oh, you’re probably looking at working capital. What you will see as you get out to ’15, we will be paying some taxes, because even though we have the protection of NOLs prior to that and we have AMTs, we’ll be in a position where we think we’ll have to pay a little bit tax, that gray bar you’re looking it. And I put emphasis on the word ‘think,’ because we’ll be looking at other opportunities that are available today that may accrue to us as we get out in that point in time and maybe we can extend the period when we don’t have to further for which have to pay any taxes. But right now we project we’d start paying a little bit of taxes in ’15.
Tom Webb: Let me just start a little bit on the facts just to help us out, and the John, I think, would like to talk to our plan for filings in the future. Just as you do with the taxes, it should be in this filing we did, our electric ROE for ’10 was 10.6%. So just a hair below one-tenth of a point below where we’re authorized. And for gas, we were at 10.9%. You know our authorized level is 10.5%. So that’s your point I think that you’re making. And I think we can continue to operate in the level of being pretty close to those ROEs, because as we said in this call, it’s our intent not to over-earn, but we’re in a situation where we don’t need the support we try to give it back to our customers. But on the plan for rate cases –
Tom Webb: Yes. First I would say I don’t know, because we’re growing through a process here, just revising things. And remember, it’s not a very big number because we’re coming to the end of the winter season and into the shoulder months, where it just wasn’t very big. My guess is, in the few weeks it will take to get this resolved, it will be about $0.01 and we factored that into our guidance.
Tom Webb: Of course. We will continue to have a drip program, small amounts of equity going on. This is something that most companies do. And you can count on us to continue doing that. It is much a service that we provide to folks as a way to bring in a small amount of equity. When we talk about this, what we mean is what’s really big and diluted to you, guys. Any block issuing or anything like that. There’s no need for it. So we won’t be doing that.
Tom Webb: I think so. But be careful when you’re looking at the stock counts when we do the diluted levels. Just remember we took out our convertible preferred last year and we took out a debt convertible last year. Part of dealing with those is the cash payment and a share payment, so that changes your share count. And as we go through time, we still have two convertibles in our portfolio now that we may keep or take out depending on what’s the most economic choice to take. So that can move our numbers around a little bit. Other than that, you pretty much know the story.
Tom Webb: Hey, Mike, I would add a comment on the overall investment story, particularly for all investors listening in now, is we really are an after loan level of investment for the next five years. That’s $6.5 billion. There is a lot of things that we’d like to invest in, that we think our customers would like to have. They are easy, these either gone slow on or exclude it. So when opportunities come up, there’s something that might need to go where we’ll fill that hole pretty quickly. And to the other end, we’re not adding more investment above the $6.5 billion because we think that would put too much pressure on our customer rates. So, as John talked about, we want to stay down to that level of inflation rates. That’s just as important to us as the earnings side of this claim. So we think we’re in a good spot where whatever happens we’ll probably be able to sustain above that level of investment. And therefore, low levels of rate increases and good levels of earnings growth.
Tom Webb: Here timing. As you think about what’s happened, as we are following, for example, the EPA direction on our environmental spending, we have to adjust that a little bit, programs of the same – what we’re going to do is basically the same, but the timing shaped out a little bit different. So that and trying to do the smart grid more accurately compared to probably what you are looking at, we may have timed that a little bit of different. So it’s nothing but a mix of the investment that still has the same $6.4 billion of investment. And again, that may happen to us as we move out through the next couple of years. The shake may more ever so slightly, but the overall size of the investment will probably stays the same.
Tom Webb: When we ended the year at 253 million shares, and we have – thank you – about $263 million in our calculations for ’11.
Tom Webb: $263 million. And remember and keep in mind the real driver behind that is the accounting for the convertibles in terms of at what prices our stock and therefore at what level those dilution can we have. And therefore we’ll move around depending on the price of our stock.
Tom Webb: Yes. Any change is only for the future. I would also ask you to look at slide 18 because that will help you. You can look at the gas numbers there and look at what might happen, whether it’s weather or not, whatever drives it. And get your own sense of about what the impact is to us on the gas business.
Tom Webb: Sure can. First, on the customer side, we are being, I hope, cautious. For 2011, we are projecting 2.0%, 2.5% growth, with residential coming back about 1.0%, 1.5%; industrial still strong at 6% over last year; and then commercial, flat. We don't expect to see commercial to grow until we get out to 2012. It will follow the industrial side of the business. Longer term, we are thinking around the numbers of 1% growth or something in that area. Nothing strong, because we find it's the best way to plan the business. Hopefully, we will be pleasantly surprised. On the debt side, we are going to have a little bit of a bubble. Because of the bonus depreciation benefits at the utility, we won’t use our NOLs at the parent in the next year or two, and that will cause us to borrow a little bit more money. So you will see our debt rise up to $2 billion, $3 billion, maybe $2.4 billion at the most. That will automatically come back down, because then as we get the cash flow at the parent through the NOLs, we will bring that right back down to a level that will be about $2.1 billion. Now, that's our kind of flat level that we've talked about. And again, we are not projecting the same. We are trying to pull that down substantially. But we will take opportunities where they make sense to just ease that down over time, because we would like to see a smaller debt burden at the parent. We think we are in a good place right now. If we invest our money in the utility, we make almost 11% return after taxes, and when we put it into debt reduction at the parent, we make 4% to 5% return after taxes. So it’s a pretty easy decision, but we are also very attuned to wanting to pull that down as we go through time and we will.
Tom Webb: No, we don't make that a public thing. But what I expect to see is residential customer account won’t turn around and increase until we get into next year on any meaningful level. Commercial, probably the same thing into next year. And industrial, we are seeing some new businesses come in, but if I gave you customer accounts, they are not going to be that substantial. What’s important is like new battery plants bring a lot of business to us and they bring more tax-paying citizens and therefore more commercial businesses that follow them. Those will all trend up a little bit as we go through time, but our numbers would be very conservative.
Tom Webb: Yes. You know me. I usually stumble around for about half an hour answering that question saying I don't know, which really means I don't want to say, because I do know and the problem is we don’t want you to think we’re predicting the price of the stock. It just is the wrong thing for me to do. But for purposes of understanding where we are, we just use the number of about $20 to do these mathematical calculations on dilution. And I'm going to emphasize again, that’s not a prediction that the stock price will move to that level or any other different levels. It's just math.
Tom Webb: The answer is we never comment on what we are doing in terms of what we may be calling or coming back to market. And I hate to disappoint you that way. But we never go through that. What we do is we take a hard look at the economics and sometimes it’s the direct economics of the transaction and sometimes it gets linked up with something that’s so closely associated with it. And we just make sure we don’t pull in a debt or issue new debt unless we think it’s the best economic decision for the company and all of its investors. So, we are looking at all of those. And the best practice that you can see is last year, we found an opportunity to do something that I thought was good for investors and also very attractive for the company. And we will be watching all of those maturities coming up and abilities to call and looking at those, but I just can’t make it a policy not to project what we are thinking of doing.
John Russell: No, I think the – the one thing to the only thing that I’d add to that is, as Tom said, when we provide good benefits to our employees and also provide reasonable benefits going forward with the legacy cost, what happens there, it also provides us the headroom for our rate increases. So what we’re doing is consistently managing those costs down so we can make investments, get recovery for investments, add value to customers, and also have the rate increases be reasonable.
John Russell: No, I don’t. This was procedural in nature. I know that the Commission has stated that to some people too. We had changed the amount of self-implementation, reduced it to the $29.5 million the day of the self-implementation date, because that is the amount that we thought we needed to move forward. That change caused the Commission just to ask for a little more time to have all the parties see that additional amount and comment on that. Keep in mind, you talked about maybe regulatory fatigue, on a customer rate basis, on a year-over-year basis, with the full self-implementation and with the decline of fuel prices, customer rates would decline 6%. So it’s really more procedural, just to make sure the record is understanding and everybody understands what is going on.
John Russell: I don’t see that now, Dan, because when you open up, if you increase more renewable energies, you are likely to increase the law and the law then could affect other things. So, no, I don’t really see that. There’s been a change of administration here in Michigan, a change of the House and Senate, more driven by the Republicans now. They are driven by the Republicans who I think will see this decline as more reasonable cost for renewable energy. But let it be stated that with all the hard work we did to reduce these costs, renewable energy is more competitive than it was, but it’s more expensive than base.
John Russell: Yes. We’ve met with the Governor and met with all the key legislative leaders, the new leaders. I’d tell you that there are many issues that Michigan is leading with, just like other states. I’m impressed with what the Governor is doing. He has our support. As far as energy legislation, he made a statement to us and publicly at least with a few hundred people that in my terms the energy legislation for 2010 – in 2011 as far as an issue for him is off the radar screen. So it tends not to be high on his priority. He is more worried about the budget, about employment and getting Michigan back on track. So – and the other thing too to provide comfort for you, many of the leaders, the House Chair and the Senate Chair of the Energy Committee were deeply involved in the passage of this energy legislation that sits today.
John Russell: Dan, one thing too just on an employment side. You think the worst – we have the worst – unemployment rate in Michigan was about 14.5%. As of December of 2010, we are about 11.5%. So we are seeing, even though those are high levels, they are certainly improving from the worst of the recession.
John Russell: Yes, let me talk about that. Ali, one of the things that we continue to do and you’re aware of is file frequent rate cases, regular and routine rate cases, as I describe it as. Working with the regulators, the more cases you do, the more filings that you make, the easier it is to do these cases, because on a case-over-case basis, the difference as far as the amount of increase is getting smaller. From a base rate standpoint, as I said before, we expect to be at or below the rate of inflation going forward. So the increases are fairly moderate. But what I like is it provides the regulator to have a snapshot of our business on an annual basis. They can see our business. They can talk to us about our business. They can also influence some of the things that they want us to do on our business. And maybe it’s the way I grew up, but I saw one of the biggest regulatory challenges we’ve had as an industry and we had as a company is during a rate-free period, we stayed out of rate cases for many, many years. What that forced us to do is to get back with the fairly large rate increase and make the investments and the commitments to serve our customers. The Commission understands the strategy. The Commission has been supportive of providing the feedback to us during these rate cases. They are regulators. They want to regulate. We have the information in front of us. And I think our style here as a company is we’re very open and transparent on how we do things. As we share with you, we share the same thing with the Commission.
John Russell: That’s correct. We did actually – the biggest significant change we made in this last and the self-implementation number was take the return on equity request from ’11, which we think is justified. But based on circumstances here in Michigan, dropped it down to the authorized levels that we have today, which is 10.55. And that really – that and some O&M reductions, but most significant changes from our self-implemented amount to the second self-implemented about.
John Russell: I think, Ali, I think that is just procedural, because you’re right. Not only did we lower the number, which would have been an advantage to our customers. As I said earlier, if you take fuel into account, with the self-implementation the rates are down 6% on a year-over-year basis. So it really is to enable all parties to look at what is in that $29.5 million, give them the due diligence and the time that they need. And we’re talking weeks here, and then to move forward. And if you’ve read the order, you also notice that it wasn’t a consensus of the commissioners. So I mean – yes, there – basically it’s a procedural issue. We’ll get to the end on it. We’ll make our filing next week, but you’re right. It’s a pretty small case. I mean, it’s $29 million on a $2 billion revenue stream, about $2 billion, with 1.7 million customers. So the numbers are pretty small.
John Russell: Yes. Those parties that are pushing for that, Ali, that you’re aware of, really the – probably the news today is the fact that from the Governor’s perspective, he – we had a meeting with him, several of us, the coalition for energy that we have, there were several people there, legislators, DTE was there, Jerry Anderson was there and myself and the Governor, all three of us spoke. And he made it clear that that’s not a top priority for him. So from my standpoint, I think that’s important to know. However, you may see the House and Senate go through some hearings just to see what the impact is. Just to give you a ballpark though, we’re at 10% now, which you’re aware of, and there is only about 500 customers that are taking choice today – actually 300 that are taking choice today. If we took all of the customers that are in the queue waiting, that would only be 4% more than what we have today. And that’s another about 500 customers. So in perspective, and this is what we’ve told the legislators and told the Governor, we have 300 customers taking choice today, over 1.8 million customers. There is another 500 in the queue of our 1.8 million customers. If we open up the cap, cost shift will occur to residential customers. And as you know, we’ve worked very hard to ensure that we’re getting to the point of fair rates for all, that everybody pays their true cost of service. So I think what you’re going to see is you’ll hear about it, there will be a push for it; but my belief is that this law is good, the law is working, we’re only a few years into the implementation of the law. And as we talked about the renewable energy investment, we’re just beginning these investments now. So to change the bar right now, I believe it’s premature and I think we have support from the legislature and the administration on that.
John Russell: Yes. What you’ll see is – let's separate the two businesses. The fuel I’ve taken separately. Fuel, on the electric side of the business, will be at or little bit above the rate of inflation. On the gas side, I don’t expect that to be the case. The gas costs have been coming down. And I expect them – they have come down in 2010. And because we store an awful lot of gas, even though gas prices when they begin to rebound will have some of the lower cost gas in storage. So, on the gas side of the business, I think the rate of inflation for the next few years could include fuel. On the gas side, it won’t. The surcharge component you raised is a good one. The surcharge is already in place for the components of the energy legislation. With the announcement I made today of the reduction of $55 million, that will also reduce customer rates.
John Russell: It will take about ten years, Mark. It’s a very long-term project, because what we do is each year we replace the runners on each of the turbines. So it’s a long-term process, and we’ll put it into rate basis. We complete the turbines, enable to run those turbines successfully. So we won’t have to wait the full ten years, but it is a long-term investment.
John Russell: I don’t think that we have a lot more to do. Enterprise is a real small part of our business. As you can see in our release, again, it still looks like a nickel, $0.06 of earnings, as you look at the business going forward. So it’s small of the total. We’ve been trying to clean up a few things and get rid of some of the smaller businesses that don’t really fit. But we kept the renewable portfolio in Michigan and a small renewable plant down in North Carolina. That’s a great experience for our people, and they are great resources for us. And I think you’re going to get only more attractive as w go through time. The big piece of enterprise is the Dearborn Industrial Generation plant. And this is a soft market. It’s hard to deal on this market right now. But again, I think that’s a very attractive operating business that will get even more attractive as we go through time. But no changes planned.
John Russell: Okay. Let’s start with all of them. Lake Winds Energy Park is on the west side of the state. No transmission is required. We have an interconnection that we will do to the transmission facility. And that’s the first part that we have on schedule for 2012. Cross Winds, which is on the east side of the state, does require transmission to be built. Transmission is expected to be built by ITC. They have got a proposal through, which is through the approval process that will be charged separate. Obviously, they will but make their investments in the transmission and we will hook up to that transmission when it’s completed. And that project is set for 2014 or ’15.
John Russell: Yes. What we can do, Jonathan, couple things. One, several things happen as a result of what our original estimates were compared to what we see now. We’ve negotiated very good contracts for the wind turbines, because as you knew, as we know a few years ago there was queue. The queue has kind of eroded. We were able to negotiate at the good time. We did not plan on production tax credits that are now – we’re able to get the production tax credits because we’re able to complete the works in time while the production tax credits are still available through 2012. The other thing too that we’ve seen is that Michigan does have a very good wind regime, which we had anticipated, but now that we’ve done the net tower studies, we’re seeing a much better capacity factor than we thought before. And it’s surprising how good it is in both the east side of the state and the west side of the state. So those factors have caused us to be able to reduce the cost of the development. So we’ve advanced some of our own-builds. We’ve entered into purchase power agreements for the portion of our renewable energy targets that need to be provided by third parties. All that being done, call it we kind of hit the sweet spot for growing renewable energy in Michigan, and Michigan looks like they will be a very good source. But all that doesn’t affect our earnings per share. It still allows us to make the investment. It’s just we can reduce the surcharge now to be able to save our customers’ money while still growing at the same pace that we had before, actually accelerated in some cases, which will drive the earnings per share.
John Russell: No, the period was extended a little bit. So yes, the period – you're right. For a five-year period, it’s a little bit less. So when you go five years and beyond, it gets to the same level than we had before.
John Russell: Yes, Brian, I’ll take that. We’ve got – I think you know our plans. We have seven smaller units that we are evaluating the long-term life of those units. We won’t make that decision till later this year, early next year depending on environmental certainty. The coal plant has been deferred. Our plan is to continue to look at it, but right now based on gas cost and based on the timing of the recovery of Michigan in our load, we really just are looking at that right now in deferring it. So the changes you m may have heard is that some of the permits that were denied coal-fired permits, that were denied by other companies in Michigan during the previous administration, have now been over turned and most of them are in the process of trying to be approved.
John Russell: They have not expired. We have 18 months and then we could ask for an extension for another 18 months beyond that.
John Russell: Well, couple of thoughts. First of all, in our gas rates that we have now, it is not a weather adjustment. So good news or bad news flows through. Most of what you’re looking at on slide 16, which is the EPS projections for 2011, is related to the bad news gas sales, if you will, in ’09 – I'm sorry, in ’10. Don’t repeat because we project normal weather for the year. Now, because we are already here in February, we had a pretty robust January with gold. We’ve picked up a little bit of good news there. So all of our projections though for this year are strictly at normal weather. Whatever happens, if it’s colder and we make it some benefit for that. And if it’s warmer, we’ll lose a little bit. But we do like we always do. We worked to offset that in other areas.
John Russell: Yes, yes. We would like to – we have it on the electric side, Mike. We’d like full decoupling, including weather the economy and energy efficiency on the gas side too.
John Russell: If it was approved – I'm not sure of the question. The decoupling mechanism that is a process that’s aside from the rate base process. So that’s what we end up doing.
John Russell: Good. All right. Well, let me wrap this up if I can. First of all, thank you for joining us today. 2010 represented another good year of solid progress and performance. And as Tom mentioned, we are off to a good start in 2011. We remain committed to working hard every day to deliver on our promises, provide value to our customers, and to earn your support. Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate it.
