Garrick Rochow: Thank you, Rejji. Our simple investment thesis is how we run our business and has withstood the test of time. It delivers in a very balanced way for all our stakeholders and enables us to consistently deliver our financial objectives. 2022 was an outstanding year, marking our 20th year of industry-leading financial performance. I'm confident in our refresh $15.5 billion utility customer investment plan, the ability to execute on it and in our regulatory construct to support it as well as our solid track record of managing costs we keep customer bills affordable. Finally, we deliver regardless of conditions, not by luck, or accident, but by a great team who runs a proven model, who sees discipline in the work. This is what led to an outstanding 2022 and provides for a strong outlook in 2023 and beyond. With that, Adam, please open the lines for Q&A.
Garrick Rochow: I like the way you teed that up. We're going to dig into DIG. It's kind of like my Ferrari comment when I talk about DIG. I mean you may not know this, but the big plan itself is right across from the River Rouge plant where they make the Ford Lightning. And I just happened to get me a Ford Lightning about three weeks ago. So it performs well better than Ferrari. I'll tell you that. So we're going to call the Ford F-150 lightning in the garage from now going forward. But bottom line, here's what we do at DIG. And it's been a historical practice, which really serves us well as we layer in capacity contracts, multiyear capacity contracts and energy contracts over time. And as everyone knows, energy prices and capacity prices have been continuing to rise. There's that upward pressure in there. And so as we layer in these contracts, it's provided additional benefit, additional return from that facility. And so that's what we're reflecting those contracts that have already been inked, you might say, for the improvement in performance. Now we anticipate that to continue to improve as we layer in additional contracts, particularly in -- we're about 50% contracted both for energy and capacity if you get out to the year '26, '27 in that time frame. So there's potential for upside there. And I'll have Rejji walk through what that upside looks like here in just a moment. But why don't you do that, Rejji, then I'll conclude.
Garrick Rochow: And let me just conclude there. So there's -- that upside is not in the plan, just to be really clear about that. And to the degree there is upside I want to make sure everyone's clear, there's no sugar highs, right? We deliver 6% to 8%, and we have confidence toward the high end. So I just want to be clear on expectations going forward.
Garrick Rochow: And just to add to that, that old seasonal construct is out there to address resource adequacy. And when you -- the capacity that has been applied over units has the potential to actually reduce some capacity of units. And so that the need grows, certainly in the short to midterm across all of MISO, including Zone 7. So the value of a place like in a facility like DIG should only improve for Rejji's comments.
Garrick Rochow: And so if I pull up and look at the big picture here, this is why the Michigan regulatory construct is so strong. You have these mechanisms, whether it's the settlement or whether it's a voluntary refund means that allow us to derisk the future year and offer additional customer benefit. And that's exactly what this $47 million is. And so this gives us -- this is why I'm so confident, we're so confident in our ability and the outlook for 2023.
Garrick Rochow: Well, you remember Q4 call last year. And I was in this spot, and we were saying, hey, we need to improve. We didn't get the best order out of the commission. And we said a couple of things on that call. One, we needed to improve our testimony in our business cases. And we did that. We took two months. We delayed the case by two months, and that's exactly what we worked on. We also adjusted our approach for the electric rate case and how we deliver that and interface with the staff on it. That was a learning that we took from our integrated resource plan filing, we extended that to our electric rate case. And then as we got to August, we saw staff position, it was a very constructive staff position because of all the work that had been done in the testimony and business cases, the improvement that had been done. And that was the foundation. So once you have that constructive foundation, that constructive point where staff is, then it's really an opportunity to work through settlement. And that's exactly what we did working with a number of interveners, the Attorney General, the staff, business community, residential community as well as number of environmental interveners to really have a very constructive outcome with this electric rate case. And so as I look forward, we're going to continue to deploy those methods. We're going to continue to improve the process going forward so that we can set ourselves up for settlement or if we have to go to the final order that we can get a constructive order.
Garrick Rochow: If I just add to it. It's also the mindset that we have. We're going to - we've got great mechanisms in the state in this construct with the VRM that allow us to offer benefit in the next year for our customers and for our investors and that really helps to derisk. And so, that's another reason why we think about it towards really the long-term versus one year in a sugar high.
Garrick Rochow: Yes, I just would add to that under Rejji's good comments there. The Chips Act and the IRA and even the IIJ, that's a super acronyms there. But bottom line, they've helped our business, and they've helped a number of other businesses here in the state from a growth perspective. In addition to that, we've been working closely with the legislature with the Governor's office or site incentives that really make our state as competitive as other states that are offering site incentives. That comes in terms of not only investment in the site from a state perspective, but also incentives to locate here, which has been very helpful. We introduced an economic development rate, which further encourages growth here in the state, and we're seeing some nice some nice low growth over the last year and commitments to Michigan, and I expect more here in short order. And so, I'm excited about that and what that means for our state, both from an investment perspective, growth perspective and particular jobs perspective.
Garrick Rochow: It just feels like I got through that this year with the settlement, like I'm celebrated. I'm still in my victory lap of that IRP. It was a landmark. And now you're asking about the next one, yes.
Garrick Rochow: So we have to be in there within five years. It's usually a three to five years though. We don't have a plan yet on when that will be. It usually helps to be in around three years just because of the timing of the cycles and of recovery, but no set time yet at this point Anthony, sorry, I can't give you a date yet, but we'll work towards here - the next few years.
Garrick Rochow: Thanks, Adam. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for our year-end earnings call. Certainly hope to see you on the road over the next coming months. So take care and stay safe.
Rejji Hayes: No, I think you laid it out pretty well, Garrick. The only thing I would add, you did ask about tax equity at the utility, we're not assuming a tax equity for financing for any of these projects.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So just to go back to the page you referenced, Jeremy, Page 20 in the deck, you see these dark blue bars here at around $30 million. That's a pretty good run rate for the economics we have locked in through capacity and energy contracts here in 2023. And then as you get to the outer years of the plan, you see these light blue sensitivities in the stacked bar chart, and that represents the opportunity if we start to see continued tightening and therefore, improved economics in the bilateral market. And so in the event we see capacity prices go to about $4.50 per kilowatt month. You can see the incremental upside here from a pretax income basis. And then if it gets closer to CONE, and I'll remind everyone that Zone 7 is priced pretty much at CONE for 2 of the last three planning resource auctions. You could see us at a higher level than that with about $25 million of upside. And so as Garrick noted, we wouldn't see those economics until the out of years of the plan, but there's some opportunity as margin opens up in sort of the '25, '26, '27 time frame.
Rejji Hayes: And just -- thank you for the question, Jeremy. And just for everyone's reference, this is the content we have on Slide 6 of the deck. And so we've always talked about the additional growth drivers beyond the rate base as a result of the very constructive legislation. We have in Michigan. And so there's the energy waste reduction opportunities that we have, and we earn economic incentives on that. There's a financial compensation mechanism that we get on PPAs that has been solidified now in two integrated resource plans. And then there is the 10.7% ROE that we get on renewable projects associated with the renewable portfolio standard of Michigan, which we're still executing on. And then there's additional contribution from North Star. And so all of those offer growth to our earnings profile above and beyond what we get in the rate base. And so that 7% or so you're seeing for rate base growth. These would be additive to that. And I would say you get steady contribution for the majority of these. Jeremy, to get to your question. And so with respect to energy waste reduction, we do expect that to increase gradually over the course of the plan. The PPAs. Those will actually ramp up as we do more solar on the contracted side attributable to the IRP. And then we'll see probably more front-end loaded the wind opportunity and then just steady growth at North Star. And so that's really how you should think about the economic opportunity for those non-rate-base opportunities over the course of the plan.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. So we are assessing MISO's new rules around sort of the seasonal auction. I still think when you cut through it, whether it's a historical process of the new process, you're still going to see a continued tightening of Zone 7. It's still a peninsula. You still have limited transmission importation access to the southern border, and you still have Covert retirements. And so when you have those sort of construct, you're going to see just an imbalance between supply and demand and DIG will start to open up in those outer years. And so we anticipate, as I said before, that we'll potentially see more attractive economics as energy and capacity starts to free up in the outages of the plan. The degree to which it's more attractive, we'll see. I think, obviously, there's -- it's early days. But we certainly think what we're showing on the page and that Slide 20 offers at least a representative or is at least indicative as to where prices may go if we see continued tightening. Again, those light blue bars, that upside opportunity is not incorporated in our plan to be very clear.
Rejji Hayes: Yes. And so there's none of that incorporated into the 2023 guide either and just to round out the numbers here. So in the electric rate case settlement, we committed to a $15 million bill credit that will benefit customers in 2023. And again, we recognize the expense of that in 2022, and then there was a $10 million again of low-income customer support, again, recognized in 2022 and customers will benefit from that over the course of this year. And so that's really how it works. And none of that is presupposed in our 2023 guide.
Rejji Hayes: And Michael, the only thing I'd add is that you asked about storage as well. I think Garrick have numerated every last bit, and I'll just add storage. We're assuming around 75 megawatts storage in the plan. I mean, obviously, longer term for the IRP, we'll do more than that, but over the course of this five-year plan, about 75 megawatts.
Rejji Hayes: Andrew hi, it's Rejji. The only thing I would add is that to Garrick's comment is if you ever need help getting your baby sleep feel free to play back this call. We try to make these calls to the extent [ph]. But to get to your question, I would say, yes, you will see some equity dilution in the outer years of the plan. So as I mentioned, we'll be getting to up to $350 million of equity from '25 through 2027. So that's some of the offset to the non-rate base opportunities. And then we will have some parent funding costs in the outer years of plan beyond equity. So we'll start issuing a little bit of debt. And so that's the other bit as well. So I'd say it's largely on the funding side. I mean is this helpful.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, so it's a good question, Andrew. And just to be clear here. So obviously, the capital investment plan has increased materially from the prior vintage. So we were $14.3 billion in the prior five-year plan, we're now $15.5 billion. And we're effectively addressing the Covert needs and that drives about $800 million of that increase. But the balance, we still have incremental investment opportunities above and beyond Covert. And so it's really to balance out the funding for that additional CapEx and obviously maintain our credit metrics kind of in that mid-teens area, which we've always targeted for my prepared remarks. But I will also our general rule of thumb, obviously, is we always want to avoid block equity and we still think even at that level of up to $350 million per year, even where the market cap is right now that's up 2%. And in a perfect world, the market cap will continue to grow, and it will be a much smaller relative to the market cap at that point. So, we think we can triple that out comfortably without any overhang or material pricing risk.
Rejji Hayes: David, this is Rejji. I'll take that. So let me start with what we saw last year, and it was very consistent with our commentary over the course of each quarter, but we just continue to see good load growth on a weather normalized basis in Michigan. And so, we were down about 1% for residential as we have been highlighting that was actually a little better than plan. But then on the commercial side, we were up over 1.5%. And then industrial, excluding one large low margin customer, up over 2.5% so all in, about a point or 1% on a blended basis. And our expectations are, I'd say, a little tempered going into 2023. And so, we anticipate being a little south of that. And so, we would say probably flat to slightly up all in. Resi continuing to come in as people continue to go back to work. But still commercial, I'd say, roughly 0.5 point in industrial between 1.5% to 2%. So we still anticipate decent load growth, and that does not include any of the robust economic development opportunities that we see in our pipeline at the moment as a result of the Chips and Science Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, we continue to see lot of activity, whether it's semiconductor fabs, as Garrick known in his prepared remarks, battery, EV battery supply chain or other energy-intensive businesses. We do hope that we'll see some more, lumpy load opportunity in outer years of the plan so more to come on that.
Rejji Hayes: Yes, it's a good question, David. So we currently are assuming about $12.5 billion of operating cash flow generation over the duration of this plan. So a healthy level, and that's kind of run rate of $2.5 billion or so per year. So clearly, we'll benefit, as Garrick noted earlier, from just lower costs as a result of the production tax will now apply to solar investments. Whether there's incremental upside opportunity for OCF, we'll see. But we try to plan conservatively, and we feel pretty good about the estimates for OCF and the financing plan going forward. And I think it's also worth noting that we don't anticipate being a material payer of federal taxes through the duration of this plan we'll be a partial taxpayer you start to get to '24 and '25, but federal tax cash payments are not a material source of outflow over the course of this plan. And that's kind of been sort of our norm for some time now. So the team continues to do a very effective tax planning to minimize that outflow.
Rejji Hayes: I would say it's more flexibility than anything else. I mean, I would say it's not as formulaic. It's a $100 million increase in the given year equates to 400% equity financing. I think it's more you see about $400 plus million of incremental capital investment above the prior plan and exclusive of Covert. And so, we're just trying to fund that as thoughtfully as possible. But it's not as formulaic as incremental $100 million in '25 and therefore, incremental $100 million, it's much more is a little more art than that. So I would just say just because there is some flexibility. And hopefully, we don't have to do as much of that. But for now, the guidance is up to $350 million per year, and we think that prudently funds the business and keeps those credit metrics in the mid-teens level to keep the credit ratings we have that we've worked very hard to achieve.
