Michael T. Dance: Yes, this is Mike Dance. Yes, we're looking at about 6.6% revenue growth year-over-year for the second half of '14 compared to '13, primarily, as you mentioned, due to the occupancy gains that we can achieve in that portfolio that we've already achieved in the Essex portfolio.
Michael T. Dance: That's predominantly Proposition 13 write-ups in their portfolio. So those were basically estimating Prop. 13 at this time, based on advice we're getting from consultants, but that's to be determined. We think we're doing a good job estimating those, but more to tell as we get supplemental tax bills from the county assessors.
Michael T. Dance: Yes, this is Mike Dance. Let me just comment briefly on the BRE portfolio, and then I'll hand it back to John or Mike on the Essex portfolio. On the BRE portfolio, as part of business combination accounting, we're required to assign fair values to all of the assets. And then we looked at the state of completion there relative to cost to complete. The assets that are delivering in 2014, we pretty much brought in at a low 4 cap rate. So those will be stabilized in the low 4 rate, plus the rent growth we're achieving in those markets. I'll let John or Mike now talk about the Essex portfolio.
Michael T. Dance: Rich, it's Mike Dance. There are a number of vacant positions in G&A that we're going to be filling here in the second half of the year. So I believe it was some of the turnover that wasn't expected. We're going to be filling those positions. So that, and I think I mentioned in my remarks that we're having a great year, and we're hoping that we get rewarded for that in compensation levels. So that is going to also be adding to the second half of the year's G&A.
Michael T. Dance: Michael, this is Mike Dance. I assure you it is not a strategic opportunity. It -- we do have a captive insurance company that continues to have no losses, but continues to collect premiums. That's some of it. Some of it's increases in market values, but no strategic investments.
Michael J. Schall: Well, again, this is the important distinction. I mean, typically, as you come out of a recession, the A areas are going to grow the fastest, and the B areas are going to essentially get the benefit of the second wave. And so we think we're in that second part of things. We're actually -- if you look at our own results, you'll see Alameda County, for example, which is mainly the B assets growing actually better than some of the A areas. So we're starting to see the transition from really expensive areas, people being forced to move out of the really expensive areas, and that is benefiting, again, the still good areas, but not Downtown San Francisco, for example.
Michael J. Schall: Alex, it's Mike Schall. That's an interesting question. I would say that this first year is going to be picking the low-hanging fruit oriented, which means lowering the turnover ratio, focusing on occupancy, building pricing power, training the people so we all think alike and approach the business the same way, implement all the systems and the integration so that we are one company. Interesting note during the quarter was it took us a couple months to reconcile the definition of financial occupancy, because they were different between the 2 companies, for example. And so there's a tremendous amount of detail, and we're trying to work through that. I think that's going to take a good year. We are, at the same time, accumulating lists. And Mr. Burkart has a lot of this, and he may want to comment, creating lists of opportunities that we see that we want to pursue at some point in time down the road, when we get back to the scenario I referred to in my comments, the sort of a re-visioning of how we provide the service. And again, given the proximity of properties in certain clusters, notably in my call, North San Jose and Downtown LA, we know that, in certain cases, for example, price optimizers compete with, from property to property, without considering that the same owner may own both, for example. And situations like that have got to be resolved. I think we get to none of that during this first year. We may want leasing offices that are open till 9:00 at night within the main clusters, for example. We may want more specialized maintenance, so that you have sort of a cluster maintenance group, some which are highly skilled in plumbing and other -- a variety of other tasks. Essentially, all that stuff is out there. That is the broader how we are going to provide the service in the future, we will not get to in this first year. And we are, as a general statement, really busy trying to keep our eyes focused on the things ahead of us. We all recognize that these are not annuities. They are businesses. The world changes quickly, as we saw in our mea culpa moment in Q3 2011, which lives in infamy around here. And we remain vigilant in trying to make sure that we react appropriately to changing conditions, that the communication up and down the organization is appropriate, that we're monitoring things appropriately with reports, and that we are prepared to react if conditions change.
Michael J. Schall: And then, this is Mike. Let's see, rent-to-median incomes, not a whole lot of change there. We track the current rent-to-median income against the long term average from 1990 to 2013, and those relationships look pretty healthy. I'll go through a couple of them for the sake of discussion. In Seattle, for example, rent-to-median income, because incomes are doing very well in Seattle, 16.9% versus the long-term average 1990 to 2013 of 17.4%. So that looks good. San Francisco, currently at 25.1% against a long-term average of 24.4%. San Jose, 20.8% versus 20.3% long-term average. Let me do one more, LA, 20.4% currently against 22.4% long-term average. Again, I think the thing that is different about the West Coast is we are adding so many jobs that are professional in nature, that have high income levels. And it has the effect of pushing income levels up, and therefore, the affordabilities are not becoming stretched.
Michael J. Schall: And then I'd also comment that, again, the turnover number where BRE's was in the, what, 63% range. I mean that's a function of a high-turnover, high-lease-expiration period during -- intentionally, during the peak leasing season. And it takes time for us to bring that number down. It will -- we have to be there for a full cycle of implementing our view of how you do renewals; and a little bit longer lease terms, as Erik mentioned; and a variety of things. So again, some of these things just take time to implement.
Michael J. Schall: David, it's Mike Schall. It's a topic that we are talking about a lot these days, but I would suggest to you that we have done the calculations, and we have concluded that using a combination of stock and debt on a -- essentially balance sheet -- near balance sheet neutral type of basis, is better than using recycled asset proceeds. And there's a couple of caveats to that. One is that we, all things being equal, don't want to operate in Phoenix, and so there is a pretty good likelihood that we will sell out of that market. And the other caveat is keep in mind that, because of Prop. 13, the buyer and seller essentially have different cap rates, because the buyer is going to have a reassessment, and therefore, his NOI is going to be lower than it is on our books. And therefore, that acts as an impediment, in effect, to sell. Not -- and again, not that we won't sell, we're just going to be careful about time. But in our view right now, with debt costs rallying 50 basis points or so, and the stock hitting all-time highs, we are better off issuing stock to fund new acquisitions than using dispo proceeds.
Michael J. Schall: That's another good question. In a normal world, I would think that we would expect Southern California to have that ramp-up, but I think this is a very unique recovery period. This recovery period is really being dominated by tech, life sciences and energy. And that, we think, is going to continue to favor the North, Seattle and Northern California, and whereas Southern California is more of a diversified economy, and we think it will still do well, but unless the recovery broadens out or, let's say, until the recovery broadens out, we think that we have a distinct advantage in Northern California and Seattle. Obviously, we don't know, and we're trying to make decisions that are going to benefit the company over the long haul. I still think Southern California is a very, very strong market, very limited supply. We still think good things are going to happen in Southern California. And actually, I'd also mention, because of the tech and life science influence in Northern California, it can be -- and Seattle, it can be a little more volatile than Southern California overall. So I think having a balanced portfolio, as we have -- and as you know, we -- of the 4,175 units that were used to form the joint venture, they were predominantly Southern California focused, so that we maintain more of the Northern California, Seattle flavor to the overall portfolio. And we think that, that's about the right balance at this point in time. Again, could change in the future depending upon what happens in the broader economy.
Michael J. Schall: George, it's Mike Schall here. I don't know what the opportunity to do that. We -- it's obviously on our mind and part of the reason that we are in that business, not just for the return, but to be part of a discussion at the term of the preferred equity investments. But at this point in time, there are no discussions ongoing about taking any of them out.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, it's actually a little bit more submarket driven at this point in time. There were assets that traded that we dropped out of the bidding process when the cap rates for, I would say these are A assets and A locations, went sub 4. We're really not all that interested in participating in some of those transactions. And again, we would rather play this, what typically happens when you have a very tight apartment condition where people are forced to move out to the next area. So we're trying to go to transit-oriented areas in still good cities that are still near the jobs, and where rents are lower and cap rates are higher, and try to anticipate that trend of people that will be moving out or will not be able to find a apartment in the best areas and they're willing to get on a BART train or whatever and commute in.
Michael J. Schall: I'll give you an example. A couple of these buildings are within 10 miles of North San Jose, where all the jobs are, for example. We're not talking about going to the hinterlands. We're talking about going to good cities, Fremont, for example. Again, with transit options, given that the traffic in the Bay Area is becoming more problematic over time. And again, we're trying to find those places where people want to live, offer a good quality of life, can access their -- the employment nodes and provide the appropriate return to us.
Michael J. Schall: That's -- I think that they can work together. I don't -- I'm not sure that you're seeing compression in the cycle. We would expect a longer cycle, as we suggested there. We went back and looked at all of the recovery periods for the last 50 years, and we concluded that, when you have major financial recession type periods, the recovery periods tend to be longer. And we certainly think that, that's a key part of this. The other part of it, though, is what's going on with incomes. I mean, as long as incomes continue to grow, and the overall affordability equation is tolerable to the consumer, we think that this can go on longer than we might otherwise have expected. But I think the difference between this cycle and several of the previous cycles are the number of high-quality, high-paying jobs is different. The amount of wealth that is being created is also different in that you have companies that are very profitable, as opposed to if you go back to, for example, the late '90s where you had companies with no operating history whatsoever, that you were able to raise $1 billion in the market and operate a "to be formed" type of company. It's a much different scenario to that. I mean we see, at this point in time, real jobs, income levels doing very well, the -- for example, the Microsoft announcement of 18,000 jobs essentially being let go, and of somewhere around 1,500 of them in the Seattle area is what we're expecting. A lot of those people are highly skilled. And again, there's a number of companies that are looking for those skill sets. So we're not sure exactly what impact that's going to have, but I feel like it might be more muted than what you might otherwise think given the magnitude of the losses.
Michael J. Schall: $45 million in it. So the -- we have a tiered investment scheme which has -- the first couple of tiers are very safe, and then it becomes a little bit more discretionary and/or more like ETFs and that type of investment in those layers. But it's really a function of that, wanting to remain liquid and have those reserves set aside in case there is a self-insurance type loss.
Michael J. Schall: Okay, thank you, operator. In closing, we thank you for joining the call. This is truly an exciting time, if not exhausting time, at Essex. We appreciate your interest in the company and look forward to updating you again next quarter. Good day.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes. Alex, it's Erik. I think one of the biggest drivers was not so much the focus. I think BRE, like everybody, wants to retain people as much as they can. I think the strategy of how -- what you offer the residents, in terms of their length of stay. And so what we saw is Essex is in the 11.5 average term range on the renewals. And for the past 18 months, the BRE portfolio had seen closer to 10 month renewals. And that was really based on the offers. The offers favored a 10-month renewal, where typically, the renewals in the Essex portfolio favored a 12- or a 13-month lease, from a pricing perspective. So what we saw in June and July was a result of changing that, trying to push the longer-term lease, with an eye on managing our lease expirations so we set ourselves up good for next year, and just get in a better position for pricing.
Erik J. Alexander: No I haven't provided that. It hasn't materially changed since the last quarter. It stands around 11% for the portfolio overall, highest in the Pacific Northwest, and lowest in Southern California.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, so the -- this is Erik. So this, the third quarter has a higher turnover expiration than Essex. So we were -- they were 63% in the second quarter, and we were in the low 50s. The last couple of years, that profile was 70% for BRE and kind of mid 50s for Essex. And so we're seeing basically the same thing. And we're doing -- like you said, we're offering the longer-term leases, and we're doing some advanced renewals to try to bring that all under control. And I think that the physical occupancies so far are evidence that it's working. The fourth quarter is more similar to ours, and we don't expect a big issue there.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, I think it's some of all of that. We had good results in Ventura County, where we moved occupancy in the first quarter. So we got some price gains there. Los Angeles, I think, fundamentally, has been better. I think evidenced by some of the lease-up activity that I mentioned. So that's carrying over into our stabilized assets where we're seeing some better pricing. And then we have made occupancy gains, I think, particularly not just in the BRE portfolio, but also in Essex San Diego. So all of those things have contributed.
Erik J. Alexander: I don't know. I'm -- what I'm hoping for is it ties the same level that Seattle is this year. We're both enjoying that kind of growth. But I do think that you're seeing maybe a little more consistency in the growth in Southern California. Very anxious to see how the third quarter turns out, and hope that this is less bumpy and more sustainable, and that it moves towards those levels.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, the early -- sorry, the August and the September is 6.5 for the Essex portfolio, and 5.7 for the BRE portfolio. And I think I'd commented in the -- in my comments about the second quarter being 6.3% overall for Essex. That number for BRE was 5%. And again, that's probably a little bit lower than it would have been, but again, we're pushing a renewal strategy to extend leases, to reduce turnover, to bring that occupancy up, and get into a better position later.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, we are. It's getting pretty big. I mean July has been a good month. And for Essex, it's around 8%, and for BRE, it's just shy of 6%. And it's a double-digit number in the Bay Area. So yes, it's growing.
Erik J. Alexander: Sure. There have been. I mean, I think the information has gone both ways. I think we see a lot of it in the integration stuff. In the systems that we're changing, we've adopted some of those things that serve our internal customers. On the customer side, we're -- we'll be adopting a customer care platform that was used by BRE in a process we think works well. And we'll adapt some ideas we have on that. Some things related to utility bill-back, we're looking at. We've had some just great collaboration on stuff. I met with a manager in Seattle, who said -- who transferred from a BRE community to an Essex community, and she said, "I just love the way you do this simple renewal." She said but, "Gosh, there's like 12 steps to get to the price. I have some ideas on how you can fix that." And I'm like, "All right. Let's get together and talk about that with the right people." And so again, people are really, I think, being encouraged and sharing ideas. And I think that's been a big part of the integration is it -- constantly encourage that, and don't pretend that we have all the answers. So yes, we're differently getting ideas from all the people that are involved.
