Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I'll briefly review the full year outlook, then provide an update on our co-investment activities and conclude with comments on the balance sheet. For the full-year, we are reaffirming our same-property guidance of 3.6% revenue growth and 4% NOI growth at the midpoint. We are increasing core FFO by $0.06 per share to $11.89 at the midpoint. We are now projecting a 7.7% year-over-year growth in core FFO per share, which is now expected to be 370 basis points above the same-property NOI growth rate, as we continue to drive operating results to the bottom line. Moving on to our co-investment activity. We formed a new venture, which acquired 8th & Republican in Seattle and 360 Residences in San Jose. We sold Madrid, a joint venture asset located in a non-core submarkets, at a low 4% cap rate, achieving a 12.3% IRR on an asset that is 35% leveraged. We have previously discussed our plan to monetize the embedded promote within our private equity platform, and we have begun to do so subsequent to the quarter. We amended the Wesco I joint venture, where we negotiated a buy-sell and earned a $38 million promote. This promote is currently excluded from total FFO and net income forecast for the year, since we will plan to finalize accounting treatment in the fourth quarter. We have reinvested the promote into the joint venture, thereby increasing our ownership to approximately 58%, which results in an additional FFO of over $1 million annually. This execution is a good example of our ability to source and structure unique opportunities in response to changing market dynamics and creating shareholder value. Overall, the private equity platform has performed well, and we will continue to look for ways to optimize return. Turning on to the balance sheet. The balance sheet remained strong. Our BBB+ rating and stable outlook was recently reaffirmed by S&P, and our credit metrics continue to trend favorably. At quarter end, net debt-to-EBITDA improved from last quarter, now at 5.5 times, and our total debt-to-market cap remains low at 24.5%. With over $1 billion of liquidity on our line of credit and cash on hand, along with a light maturity schedule in the near term, we are well-positioned as we move forward to 2018. That concludes my comments. I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Sure thing. In terms of how we think about the JV business itself, it's really a function of how do we optimize our cost of capital. And so, we don't have a specific requirement to contribute an asset to a joint venture or to put it on the balance sheet. These are not, if you will, a platform acquisition vehicle. And so, we do have that optionality to arbitrage between where our stock price is and the cost on the joint venture side, which also benefits from leverage. So, they're slightly higher levered, and so we can really optimize the cost of capital when it makes sense to do so. So as far as that piece, we try to - the self-imposed goal is to keep that business somewhere around less than, say, 20% of our total enterprise and right now, it's still well under that, as far as the component of our business. And so, it's truly just a way to arbitrage the cost of capital from that perspective. The promote embedded in this platform itself, at this point, I think last, the end of last year, I had mentioned the preliminary estimate was somewhere between $35 million to $50 million. And then so fast-forward to this year, with the current run rate and more robust update, now that we were able to monetize one joint venture, we believe that there's another, somewhere between $40 million to $50 million of embedded promote available to us.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. On the outperformance in the third quarter, which is - if you're thinking about the, on the same-store perspective, we had last quarter guided to 2.8%, and we ended up at about 3.1%, so about 30 basis points higher on a same-store. But if you translate that to the actual FFO impact, out of the $0.05 beat, $0.02 is timing, so let's take that off the table. As of $0.03, only $0.01 of that is really attributed to same-store and $0.02, other pennies, is non-same-store. And the components of the $0.03 beat are occupancy and the other income. And the other income component, that includes your typical other income, like parking garage income, some [indiscernible], so those are the key drivers. But it's mostly on the non-same-store and that's one of the reasons why we did not make any adjustments to our fourth quarter outlook.
Michael Schall: Michael, it's a great question. And the answer is we think about it a lot. We reviewed it in our strategic session with our board recently, and there are other markets that we compare and contrast ourselves against, and some of them, actually, almost all of them are on the East Coast, because of our basic formula, which is where is housing most supply-constrained and where are single-family homes or the housing alternatives, more affordable? We want to avoid those areas. In other words, we want to be in markets where other types of housing is very unaffordable, making the transition from a renter to a homeowner a very expensive one. So those are the core elements of our strategy, along with, of course, job growth, which our view is job growth is the driver of pretty much everything. And we all like to talk about demographics and other things, but I think that, that's a sideshow relative to the job growth forecast. So, as we evaluate the world, we are constantly looking, and I'd say we're compelled to go to other markets to the extent that we think that they will outperform over time the West Coast and the conditions on the West Coast. And at this point, we've concluded that we're going to remain here on the West Coast for a variety of reasons, and you have seen part of this. I mean, when tech is strong, it is incredibly strong. The Town and Country scenario is not analogous, in our view, to today. Remember, back in the early 2000, you had the Internet boom-bust cycle. In connection with that, rents in the Bay Area went up something like 40% in two years. And so, we thought rents were way out of reach relative to the common consumer to a much greater extent than they are today, and therefore, we sought diversification. What we see now is we see yes, rents are somewhat unaffordable, but not nearly as unaffordable as they were then. The job growth, the dominance of tech, we were also concerned about the tech markets back then, because as you all know, a bunch of companies went public, they had a few hundred million dollars in the bank, but they had no product, they had no income. They had no growth and so that was obviously very troubling to us. We now are in the markets with the top 10 tech companies that are headquartered here. And yes, they are having trouble. We've reported this over time. They're having trouble finding qualified people, but there is demand for people out there and job growth and these companies have enormous wealth. I think we did the 10-year comparison and I don't know, don't remember exactly the statistics, but it's something like if you go back to 2005, the tech companies had a market cap, the top 10 public tech companies, had a market cap of about 50% of the top 10 non-tech, excluding the banks. And if you fast-forward 12 years, we, the tech companies grew 4.5 times, whereas the non-techs grew something like 40%. Tech is not going away. And if anything, the integration of tech into every component in society. You have this number of how many devices will have a IP address, for example, going from somewhere around 25 billion to 75 billion in the next five or 10 years. It's a pretty extraordinary thing. So, we think betting against tech is probably a bad thing. We recognize that things don't follow a straight line. I've said this many times, there are bumps in the road. Things happen that are unanticipated, and we will endure that for a higher CAGR of rent growth over periods of time. And so, I actually have a chart in front of me that we prepared for our board that talks about what the CAGRs of rent growth are for the various different markets, and we still think that those are pretty compelling, and we still think tech is pretty well-positioned.
Michael Schall: No, for sure. We think people are smart. We think companies are smart. If they can't find their people on the West Coast, they will look at other places. We believe all of that is true. We believe that if the United States is not competitive, then the tech companies will find and set up operations overseas. We totally agree with that. But I don't think it's going away. I don't think the concentrations are going away on the West Coast, and there will be other beneficiaries. I mean, I looked at a list of Alphabet companies the other day. If you look down the list, there's like 100 companies that fold in under Google and Alphabet. I mean, they're pursuing a lot of things. They're disrupting all sorts of things from the way we - taxis and travel and communication, and retail, obviously, and even governmental elections. I mean, it's a pretty extraordinary time and I don't think it's done. And so, we are not necessarily - we're not obviously a tech company, but we certainly are attached to them, attached to the tech train and it still seems like it's the right place to be.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. I can comment on that. Well, the fact that we completed these transactions in the joint venture world at a price that we thought, as Angela said, was advantageous to the on-balance sheet cost of capital, means that, that business is alive and well. I think that institutions are struggling to find opportunities at a reasonable yield. And I think 4% to 4.5% cap rates with some growth is being considered pretty attractive by the institutions, and that's what enables this type of transaction. So maybe there aren't as many institutions out there, but I would say that the ones that are out there are still very focused on the market and there still is a very active buyer pool within the institutions.
Michael Schall: Hey, John, let me just add one other thing. And Dennis, I think just connecting the dots back to the comments in the script, the third quarter this year we had actually net negative employment growth. And so, what happened, I think, is you have the same lumpiness of supply hitting the marketplace. And when you have net negative job growth, in other words, unadjusted total employment actually went down from June 30 to September 30, there is no demand being naturally created during the quarter. And so, the concessions start pushing through the lease-ups and into the stabilized portfolio, which are the numbers John just mentioned. So, you still have the lease-ups with pretty robust concessions, that always happens. They're trying to hit 25 to 30 units a month in absorption targets. If they can't get it from job growth, then they start trying to steal from, or they take from the stabilized communities, which is what is happening. But I think that this is, the difference between the quarters is that the stabilized communities were affected to a greater extent than in prior quarters.
Michael Schall: Yes, I mean again, that's a good question. I think developers have a different economic objective than the stabilized owners. The developers want to fill up the development and minimize free rent over the lease-up period, whereas - and as soon as they become stabilized owners, they're like us, they want to minimize concessions. So, there are very different motivations and that is why this is so challenging to figure out. But our econ really study - our economic research group, and the way we view this stuff after doing this a few years is that job growth really matters. And we need job growth in order to create that demand. And if you get a quarter where job growth actually turns negative, and we know what the lease-ups are going to do, they're going to continue to push to hit their absorption targets. When those two intersect, bad things happen. So, it seems like this time of year, many times in the past, you start seeing the deceleration theme that's happening out there. And I would caution everyone on that a bit. And the reason why we didn't publish a full-blown 2018 S-16 is because looking at this time of year, weird things happen with rents because of the drop-off in demand. This is a normal thing. The extent of the drop-off this year is out of the norm, which is, leads us to believe well, is this an aberration or is this the start of a new trend. And that really is the issue and really is the key to this. And so rather than sit here during what we know is the seasonally most weak period of time, and try to determine what that means for next year, we would, candidly, rather wait and see what happens and then we'll have a better view of the world after the next couple of months go by. And we'll get a feel of what happens after the New Year as we go into our Q4 call in early February. So that was the logic behind it. I mean, we could have easily put some numbers down on a piece of paper, but we want to have conviction with what we think, and more importantly, we want to make sure the team is - stands behind and feels responsible for delivering what we put out there. So again, this year's a little bit different, I think, than normal. And so, we just adjusted our overall program to consider the fact that it's different and we're - it's a little bit more challenging to figure out what's going to happen next year, and we have limited visibility. So hopefully, that makes sense.
Michael Schall: This is Mike, and that is the million-dollar question, so you get an award, which is a piece of Halloween candy. It's a great question. I think next year is going to start pretty strong again. I think, again, when we look at the number of open positions at the tech companies, it still seems like there is very significant demand. It seems like the business plans for these companies are being developed now and we hit the New Year and those business plans get implemented, and they all involve hiring good people. And so, I honestly don't - I think we're going to have a strong recovery into Q1. And the question will be whether we peak early again next year. And so, I think the first part of the year will be - will continue to be good. But you bring up another key issue, which is we do track how many of the lease-ups are starting to get into their final phases, and there's a pretty significant number of them. For example, in Northern California, about one-third of the 7,600 units that are in lease-ups, are 90% or higher leased, so that should help quite a bit. LA., which has really been disappointing on the job side, and has pretty heavy supply, I don't see a whole lot of relief there. San Diego, which has been - which has really led Southern California portfolio, will actually accelerate in terms of lease-ups in the downtown. So, it's a mixed bag, but I think we'll start pretty strong next year, and we'll have to wait and see how that trend goes into the summer. This year, it was interesting, we peaked early, but our year-to-date rents were actually higher when we peaked than the year before. So, every year is a little bit different, but I'm thinking that we're going to have a strong start to next year.
Michael Schall: Yes, I think, again, I think that the philosophy of the lease-ups is pretty consistent, and they're not done until they're done. In this quarter, again, we saw something that we haven't seen, which is we see some of the lease-ups hitting stabilization and dropping concessions, but continuing concessions. We saw that in Seattle. We saw it in Downtown LA So in other words, the thing that I think is different is the use of concessions post-stabilization, again, I think exacerbated by the fact that you had no demand growth, is something that was new in the quarter that we haven't seen, and obviously, we hope that goes away very quickly.
Michael Schall: No, exactly. But the other number that is very substantial is the median home price increases on the West Coast, which are striking. California averages about 8.4% increase year-over-year in the median price home. Seattle was 14%. So, San Jose was 13%; Oakland, 12%. These are very striking numbers, which again, it goes back to our view of condos versus apartments. As you know, we have about 8,600 apartments that are condo convertible. We have over the last several years spent significant amount of efforts to maintain the ability to convert to condos, and we've just taken one of our Senior Vice Presidents and basically said, "Okay, this is your new job, to work on the condo side of the business." So, the - we think that all these things fit together in some level. And where the bad news is that rents aren't growing as fast as we want them to, the good news is that there is something else that perhaps can compensate for that and allow us to add value to the portfolio.
Michael Schall: Well, yes, but again, job growth - we're talking like this is a horrible thing. We're still at the U.S. average. There are a lot of places that - the fact is that we had fantastic job growth and we've reverted back to the mean or the average. It's not that job growth has completely gone away. And so, we're maybe beating ourselves up a little bit too hard for that issue. And again, we still expect job growth. We track, for example, the number of new positions, and one interesting change is Amazon's been between 8,000 and 10,000 new positions over the last couple of years and now it's down to 7,000 open positions. I don't know if that has something to do with HQ2 or not. We'll have to wait and see. But again, there's still a lot of those positions that remain open and I presume that a lot of these things are going to be absorbed into the space that's being built currently. Again, we struggle to produce 1% of housing supply overall, and there has been and continues to be a lot of office construction that would imply that the demand for people is going to continue.
Michael Schall: Wes, it's Mike. Yes, they changed from last quarter. And again, we sent our people out, our econ research team out to drive pretty much everything in the marketplace to get a better idea of what's going to be delivered when. It's always very difficult to pinpoint it, because again, with high density buildings, you end up with the exterior done and the life safety done, but you don't know how much of the interior is done nor do you have access to the building in general. So, it's going to continue to be something that we cannot do with great position and so we're not going to really be able to refine this until we know exactly what happens from quarter-to-quarter. But the analysis that we do is, again, driving all the significant buildings in the area and trying to get a sense for what happened. And so, from last quarter, having driven the sites, we thought that there would be net total about 5,000 units reduced. Now, we're sitting - next year 2018 over 2017, now we're at 2,800. So, some of the units that we forecasted previously into Q4 have driven into Q1 of 2018, so - but still significant reductions overall. So Southern California, a little bit of an increase overall, about 5% increase overall, really dominated by San Diego and LA as well. But reductions, significant reductions, in Northern California and a smaller reduction in Southern California - I'm sorry, Seattle.
Michael Schall: Okay, again caveat with what I just said, it's not perfect. In Southern California, Q4, around 6,500 units, Q4 2017 going to 5,000 units in Q1 and then up a little bit in Q2 and Q4 is at 3,700 units. In Northern California, Q4 2017 is about 2,200 units and Q1 2018, 2,200 units, about the same and then it drops off each quarter thereafter, such that Q4 is about 1,500 units. Seattle, 2,800 units in Q4 2017, dropping to 2,000 and then picking up in Q2, Q3 and then dropping in Q4. So, it's going to be a mix. And again, we feel much better with the supply hitting when the jobs are hitting. I can't overemphasize this issue. When we're in the peak leasing season, in our peak leasing season, jobs are going, that's when most of the jobs are being created, and when the supply hits, there is natural demand being created to absorb some of that supply and so concessions don't go completely crazy. When you get later on in the year, Q3 and Q4, depending upon when the peak occurs, that's when we start being concerned about more supply, because that has an outsized impact. You have zero, let's say, somewhere around zero demand growth, and you end up with supply and that is what softens the markets very quickly, again concessions 1.5 months, two months concessions being the key driver there.
Michael Schall: Again, we didn't talk about wage growth, but it continues to be strong and it continues to be better than rent growth. So, I think it's a slow improvement to the market. Rent-to-income ratios continue to go down. And interestingly, in our numbers, we now have a couple of Southern California markets that are higher rent-to-income than the Bay Area. So, it's interesting, it's changing, and the Bay Area's strong income growth is definitely helping.
Michael Schall: Conor, how are you? We're still seeing reasonable demand. It's not as strong. We expected it to drop off toward the end of this year, but we're still seeing reasonable deal flow. And in terms of pricing, there's been some competition coming into the marketplace. And as we start - as we approach high $300 million to $400 million in commitment, we may scale back our appetite a little bit or look for another funding source or a number of different things. So, but I think right now, as we look at that business, we still see pretty good demand and we're also seeing cap rates move down, as we talked about. Obviously, rents are growing more slowly or NOI is growing more slowly than construction costs. That continues to be the case, which means these deals need more equity and which we're willing to provide as long as we're in a pretty safe position in the capital stack. So, I don't think that business is going to go away this next year, but I think it will slow down somewhat overall.
Michael Schall: I think the LA Times article that I referred to in my comments said the $4 billion bond issuance could support about 14,000 homes and - but again, it has to be approved.
Michael Schall: It's going to be on the ballot, it has to be approved and then those homes have to be built. So, we're in favor of what the government has done. We acknowledge that there is an enormous shortage of housing here. We see it every day. There used to be, most of the traffic in the morning was on the freeways, now it's cutting through the neighborhoods and everything else because the freeways are so jam-packed. And I know down in your area, that happens as well, Conor. So, these are real problems. And John Eudy and I talk about the effect of CEQA, which none of these laws - really, they touch CEQA, but they don't really directly address it. CEQA is the law, California Environmental Quality Act that allows people to object to and fight a proposed development, based on environmental matters, which includes traffic, noise, et cetera and the CEQA challenges, they're real. The traffic is real and it's disruptive and everyone talks about the NIMBYs need to just go away. But it's not going to happen, because these are real issues. Even neighborhoods are jam-packed with cars now and it needs a resolution and I think back to Michael Bilerman's initial comment, why are staying in California, that resolution is many years away. We don't see anything in the short term that is going to make a dramatic impact on this. All of these issues require multi-pronged, multi-year approaches, with a whole lot of money, a lot more than what we're talking about.
Michael Schall: Thank you. Well, in closing, we appreciate your participation on the call, and we look forward to continuing the conversation at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
John Eudy: The only thing I can add is, again, Costa-Hawkins repeal measure is before the Attorney General, it's got about 45 to 60 days to get qualified before they can start gathering signatures. And if you recall, this same measure went before the state legislature earlier in the spring and it didn't make it out of the committee, because the long and short is everyone recognizes that rent control does not solve the affordable housing issue at the lower end of the spectrum. And most of these housing bills, if you look at them, that have gone through are trying to address that segment. And we believe, first off, that the repeal measure will likely be recognized for what it is. And we think that if it does make it to the ballot, we can beat it. And if it does get passed, in that event, it is not rent control. All it is, is it repeals a protection post-'95 product from possibility of rent control at the local jurisdiction. And if you look across the state, since 1995, very, very few examples of rent control being voted on by local jurisdictions were done for pre-'95 product, even though they could have been. From our radar, what we see is most cities, when you get down to it they recognize that it doesn't help solve the problem.
John Eudy: We've talked about this the last several quarters. Financial feasibility, at the end of the day, is what drives the bus on how much gets built. And while these bills are an attempt to try to help spur at least certain portions of the housing that could be created, but the reality is if you impose other restrictions, for example, the Wiener bill, SB 35, has an attempt to expedite the process to make it more ministerial, if you're zoned, to go quicker in the process, but then it has a prevailing wage requirement, which kills every deal, just about, outside of San Francisco, which he represents. So, form over substance sometimes gets in the way of what this really is going to produce. And we try, with our cost of capital, to be as aggressive as we can, and you've seen our portfolio of development transactions go down a lot over the last couple of years. Not because we want it to, but because of the financial feasibility. And that is going to be the natural backstop from things going hog wild, all of a sudden, you'll see an oversupply created. We see going in the opposite direction, see the tailing off of the supply deliveries that we're predicting are going to happen over the next two years significantly less than what they were in the last two years.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. I'll take a stab at it, a difficult one to answer completely accurately, but the attempt right now is to fill the gap on the affordable side of the equation, because that's where most of the squawking is. And as you know, that California used to have a redevelopment agency in all cities up until 2011, that was disbanded by the governor, and that went away. It took away a primary driver to help the affordable folks produce housing. I think that's where it's going to go. It's going to go in a direction to help, create an incentive, whether it's through this bond measure that's being proposed for the ballot next fall, or a combination of that and other incentives, to basically help create the housing that's needed. And if it's attempted to take it out of the very thin pie that is available on the development side, that is making it difficult to make development deals pencil, it's not going to happen. It's got to be a form of public-private partnership, if you will, and yet to be seen what's going to exactly happen. But I'm sure you will hear a lot of chatter here in the next legislative session, because it is top of the radar for everybody.
John Burkart: Certainly, this is John. So, what I had mentioned is we had sent our renewals out for the fourth quarter and or are sending them, in the process of doing that in the 3% to 4% range. But it's important to understand that, as we mentioned earlier, our loss to lease right now is about 20 basis points. That means that the market is pretty near where our actual rents are. And so, where exactly that ends up, some will get negotiated down, most likely, and we'll go from there, ultimately case-by-case. But from the market perspective, as I mentioned, the market, on a year-over-year basis, hit a low in August, but it's subsequently come back up, and so at this point in time, we're about 1.5% above where we were last year from a low that was below 1%. So, from my perspective, the view is optimistic. We know last year we had a tough fourth quarter, so the comps get a little bit easier and so overall, we're doing good. Moving forward, it's not the extreme job growth era that we had a few years ago, but things are pretty solid out there.
John Burkart: Sure. So, SoCal, we have renewals going out at about 3.7%, and the year-over-year SoCal rents are around, just up around 1%. In Northern California, we have renewals going out also at about 3.7%. And in Northern California, year-over-year rents are up about 2.3%. And then in Seattle, we have renewals going out at about 4.1% and the new rents year-over-year are up about 1.3%.
John Burkart: In the third quarter, new rents for the quarter were up about 2.5%. So, they've - yes, new rents in the third quarter were up - actually, let me rephrase that, sorry. New rents for SoCal in the third quarter were up about 2.5%. NorCal was about 20 basis points up and Seattle, about 2.7%. It went down. They peaked up and then came back down.
John Burkart: The concession activity in the third quarter was significantly greater in both the second quarter and the third quarter of last year. It really was across all markets, but the biggest area of impact was Southern California. So, to put it in context, last year, we had three assets that constituted 90% of our concessions in the same-store portfolio, and that was really focused around Downtown LA and West LA. This year, that broadened, so 10 assets constituted 80%, and that was also Downtown LA., West LA and then some into the Tri-City, Glendale, Pasadena. So, we saw much greater use of concessions in the SoCal area. As we look in Northern California, the concessions were much more spread out. Its 21 assets constitute only 40%, the top 21 assets were only 40%. Basically, in Northern California, concessions were used as a look-and-lease, a tool to close, whereas in Southern California, in several cases, certainly around the downtown area, they were used just as part of the market. In essence, a month free on some existing assets competing with all the new supply out there. When we go to Pacific Northwest, again, the spread was pretty significant. It was 13 assets at 75% of the total concessions, and that was really largely in the Eastside and North area, not in the downtown area. The downtown area has remained pretty strong as far as demand goes.
John Burkart: No. So the answer to your question, what we've seen is traffic is actually up. It's probably up about 5% across the board from last year same period and good overall. But traffic is always a tough, tough metric to look at and try to get insight into the market, because is it that we're doing a better job with our marketing, is it that people are looking more - for more options, or is it that demand's up? It's hard to understand sometimes exactly driving it. And I think it's tough to understand what the root cause is, but traffic is definitely up for us.
John Burkart: Yes, well, we have move-outs to buy a home, not specifically to new homes, and when we were looking to see where people were moving. In the third quarter, we were about 11% of people moved out to buy a home, which is in the long term - long-term average is about 11% as well. So that's not changing much, but we don't separate between a brand-new home versus [re-built] home.
John Burkart: In the big picture modeling world which is why I refer to it that way for sure. On the practical side, it's obviously a case-by-case situation and the tenants are looking at the same things we are, which are what's going on with the comp and the quality of life that we provide them. So, in the end, I know that a lot of people on the call here are trying to figure out how to model and that's why I'm trying to help give some perspective there. But on a practical basis, obviously, no matter what, people are always looking to try to come in and negotiate the rent. It's part of the American consumer culture. But how it really works out is people are looking at what's going on in the comparable marketplace and the services that we provide, which I think are very great. I think our team works very hard, so we find, more than you may expect, more often than you may expect, perhaps from my comments, people will say this is a great value and that we appreciate it and we want to stay.
