Michael J. Schall: Yes, it's a good question. The reality is, we can do both though, right? We can build and we can buy. We can find opportunities to, on a risk-adjusted basis, contribute meaningfully to the portfolio. And so we're pursuing both aggressively. I would say, in the development side, I think I reported last quarter that our cap rate, based on today's rents as of March 31, just mark-to-market, the cap rates, they were around 6%. I think everyone of those development deals would sell for a 4-type cap rate, if not lower than that. And so there's very significant amount of value creation. And I updated this quarter on Expo and said it was probably going to be around the 7% or higher stabilized cap rate again. I think that would sell for a 4 all day long. But we view those -- the value proposition differently between development and acquisitions. Development obviously involves more risk from a variety of perspectives. We expect to get a premium for that risk, and so we underwrite it a little bit differently. With the expectation, again, on the acquisition side of trying to get -- trying to accomplish something, improve our growth rate of the portfolio, we can move a lot more money faster in acquisitions, obviously. So if we see a change in market growth rates, we could buy into that with acquisitions, which is very difficult to do with development because you have transactions delivering several years after you start up. So I think that they're fundamentally different. I think you can add value in both of them. And so we continue to have a dual-pronged type of approach to investments, and we're still very active in both areas.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, we're in control of all the major decisions on those transactions. In the case of the CPP joint ventures, they have say over major decisions, obviously. They're an important part of the overall equation. But they trust us for 55% of those -- 55% ownership in those transactions, and we're the providers of the services. And we believe in communicating very well with our partners, and we spend a lot of time and effort to make sure that, that goes right. But I think that, that partnership has worked very well up to this point, and we're excited about that relationship. So we try to maintain control, but we don't have complete control, obviously. And -- but I think in the broader scope, it makes sense from a risk reward standpoint. Again, if the world wasn't maybe as uncertain as it is and the issues weren't what they are, we might approach it differently. But I think in this world, this is a prudent strategy, and again, increasing your risk reward or improving your risk reward relationship, we think, is our objective here in what we've been able to accomplish.
Michael J. Schall: Again, this is Mike. We have pretty much concluded that we're going to be early- to mid-cycle developers, and we are going to -- and our format will change a little bit depending upon how much compensation we receive for risks that we take. And we believe in this world, we're better off trying to compress the time periods between when we commit and when we deliver a transaction. And so we've tried to focus on sort of the shovel-ready type of projects that are out there. And so as you've noticed, over the last several quarters, when we buy something and announce it, we are under construction on it the next day pretty much. And again, we're trying to squeeze that period because of the uncertainty inherent in the world. And -- but having said that, all these projects are going exceptionally well. And so we have -- clearly, we feel like maybe that we did leave something on the table, but you don't know that upfront. And I think overall, that strategy makes complete sense. We're very focused on this unfunded liability that is -- or unfunded exposure from everything but including, in particular, the development projects. So we have agreed that we're going to be early-, mid-cycle developers, and we're going to tailor off at the top of this cycle. We've done a lot of time -- spent a lot of time and -- looking at cycles and where we are in the cycle, and of course, none of us really know exactly where we are. But we certainly are going to take a shot at trying to get it right. And so I think that as time goes on, if we get another great year in Northern California, you'll probably see us decelerate on the development side there. There is a possibility that we will try to find some more transactions in Southern California. We fundamentally believe that as good as Northern California and actually Seattle have been, Southern California really hasn't caught on where rents didn't fall as far, but we haven't seen the recovery coming back the other way. And as all of us know, in a world that is 8% unemployed, if you get any change in that scenario, there could be a lot more demand for housing that would be generated by better employment scenario almost overnight in markets that are just chronically undersupplied. So I guess to answer your question, if we get another great year in Northern California, we'd probably scale back a little bit, but we could scale up a little bit in -- or maybe pretty substantially in Southern California.
Michael J. Schall: It can be a little bit different. I mean, this is something that we've done before. As we all know, especially the tech markets can be very frothy when it comes to rent growth. You look at the late '90s and other periods of time, and also just the political nature of obviously California and I'm sure other places around the country. If you look at the nominal numbers, it doesn't look like it has much of an impact. If you break it down into actual property-by-property impacts, it clearly does have an impact. But again, there's also quite a bit of resistance. Certainly, the CEO website and Erik, as I'm sure 100x, that -- in his direct involvement of people that just say we just simply -- no one can afford 15% increases 3 years in a row. And some of those magnitudes are certainly out there. So we think that, overall, the cost of the company, if you ignore some of the side benefits or if you make some assumptions about side benefits, it's probably $1 million to $2 million a year in revenue. And at that, we think it's a prudent thing to do. I mean, obviously, we're not going to get a lot of Christmas cards limiting rent increases to 10% because people will still view that as being excessive, but it's something and it's something that we will likely publicize because there are companies out there that are charging much, much more and trying to go after every nickel. And again, obviously, one company cannot completely change the political situation if there's gouging by 2 companies. And if 10 companies are showing some restraint, the politicians could still act upon a rent control type of measure, but there's little we can do about that. From my perspective, it's the right thing to do, it's a prudent thing to do. There will be some other side benefits to it, and I think it's an important thing. And I'll note also that the California Apartment Association has a task force that is trying to mediate large rent control disputes between people and landlords, and they're getting more and more activity in that. And again, where that fails, where all the processes to try to mediate and come to a normal resolution fail, I think, is where you potentially have some political exposure.
Michael J. Schall: And actually, the other number that you gave out, John, it is 1.4% that we talked about in the past but amid very limited single-family housing production, right? So I think if you look at total housing production relative to stock, it's still in the under 1% range.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, so probably the issue obviously is that the job growth continues to be very strong in San Jose. So -- and as I recall, the number is now 3% projected for 2012 job growth in San Jose. So if the job growth continues, we don't think that, that supply will be an issue. It will be quickly absorbed.
Michael J. Schall: Alex, it's Mike. What we do operationally is rank our 30-some-odd submarkets by expected growth rate over the next 3 to 5 years. Mr. Lopez does that. And pretty clearly, the last several years, that is -- focuses more on Northern California and Seattle, not -- but that doesn't mean that we didn't like some parts of Southern California as well, it's just you can only buy so much and build so much in Northern California and Seattle. The markets are only so big, and it didn't mean that we wanted to essentially not look at Southern California. But as time has gone on, you have now a pretty significant amount of rent growth in Northern California, 20-plus percent, a similar number in Seattle. And so as we looked at the market rankings, there is greater parity. We think Northern California -- and it varies a little bit by location, but Northern California, as a general statement, is about a parity with respect to projected growth rate as Southern California. And so you will see a more balanced approach, I think, from an acquisition standpoint between North and South. As to development, development is a little different because what happens at the top of the cycle is the contractors are busy, they want bigger profit margins when they're busy, costs tend to spike a bit at the top. So as the comments I was making earlier were really more from a development standpoint, trying to keep our development earlier in the cycle to avoid the potential for costs spiking that can happen toward the top of the cycle. And so moving more of our development interest into Southern California would therefore be something, I think, will happen and will be advantageous to us.
Michael J. Schall: We don't have an express limit. We've typically been in the 10% to 20% of our activities develop -- or capital, let's say, in development. So that would an imply an $8 billion -- $800 million will be 10% to $1.6 billion will be the absolute maximum we would consider.
Michael J. Schall: You're being way too rational, Alex. So no, we do not hear those 2 concepts being spoken about together. And in fact, I'd say that because the local governments are under so much financial pressure, that there will be more pressure with respect to city fees and other costs, not less pressure going forward. It will become more difficult to build and probably not easier.
Michael J. Schall: That's maybe a little bit too tough, too. No, I think that -- I think some of the politicians are very aware of the issue, and -- but unfortunately, the political will, as a general rule, I don't think is there. So I think our expectation, and as we've seen in the past, California can be very undersupplied with respect to housing from time to time. And I believe that we're going into one of those periods of time, I'm not 100% sure. But I know it's difficult and it takes a lot of time and effort, and there are a lot of obstacles to producing housing here and I don't think that changes.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, that's a very good question. We don't think we're going to change -- make any huge changes to the concentrations. I think that Southern California got up to about 50% to low 60% range of our portfolio a couple of years ago. Now it's down, we've been pushing more in the north, and it's become closer to 50%. So I think that those types of magnitude are what you're going to see. So we're not talking about wholesale changes in the company. We try to find properties in locations that are solid locations for the long haul. This is a long-term business, not a short-term business. And so I think you will see us make plus or minus 5% to 10% moves in terms of our allocation over time. I don't -- I suspect it won't become larger than that.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, I mean, operationally, we were ahead of our underwriting. I know in the first year, we've filled it up faster than we thought. And more recently, actually, it's performed better as well. So yes, I think it's achieving our estimates. We had hoped for a little bit more rent growth in Orange County, and that has lagged. So I think from the rent growth expectation, we did not hit the rents that we had hoped for. But obviously, we re-underwrote it. We still think that, that rent growth is -- that rent growth potential is still there, and we believe that we'll be able to see that in the next couple of years.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, we track the condo market, and we believe that this is a better condo than it is an apartment building. And therefore, it's simply a matter of time that -- in terms of realizing that value. And -- but having said that, the condo market is not strong. And for a lot of different reasons, clearly, there was an overbuilding of for-sale that happened as you're giving people mortgage -- mortgages they can't afford, the homes that they're buying. And then in the process, a lot of people destroy their credit. And so now you look at it a couple of years later, you've got a normalizing homeownership rate, you have people that have -- don't have the credit that they need to get a mortgage, don't have the downpayments you need to get a mortgage and therefore, you haven't seen a big resurgence in terms of values on this type of product. And therefore, I don't think we're even close to where we think condo prices would need to be in order to lead to a sale of Skyline. I think it's still several years off.
Michael J. Schall: We obviously do have estimates of that. I think it's preliminary to talk about it. I can say it's pretty comfortably in excess of $10 million, but I don't want to go farther than that.
Michael J. Schall: Right, right. Yes. Well, that number is an important number to us. The forward commitment to fund our development pipeline is somewhere around $375 million. And we have -- we're trying to reserve liquidity within our line and other places in the balance sheet to fund that if we need to. So we will -- we may look at pre-funding some of it. But the nice thing about the co-investment program is those forward funding obligations are not as large as they otherwise would be, obviously. That's why we do it. And so we don't have to, but if we can opportunistically pre-fund some of it, we will.
Michael J. Schall: Other than what I said earlier, probably, we've operated at 10% to 20% of capital. We're a little -- on a net basis, we're not even at 10%, so I think we have some room to go there. But we will transition out of Northern California development at some point in time, likely in the next year. I'm expecting, again, good market rent growth that would have to happen to make that occur, and then we may transition a little bit to Southern California. We're going to start delivering some of these development deals as well. Expo obviously later this year, but after that, we'll start having some deliveries. And so we'll look to try to recycle some of the development programs going forward as well.
Michael J. Schall: It's -- Paula, it's a good question. We're not here to manage same-store revenue. We're not here to manage same-store NOI. We would make different decisions if we were focused on those metrics exclusively. For example, you would sell more at the bottom edge of your portfolio to make those metrics look better and/or you would buy more aggressively at lower cap rates, in other words, in order to buy the higher growth assets. So those are not things that we are per se interested in. We are interested in a combination of growth impacts on net asset value and cap rate or accretion over our existing cash flow of our own portfolio, which generates positive returns. I think that's why we have been able to be as successful as we have been as we're very careful about the total picture of what we're trying to accomplish and not focused on -- not overfocused on any one metric.
Michael J. Schall: I don't know, Paula. I'm not sure that we have anything that's going to be helpful in terms of that transition of leadership, and it's a very significant company, obviously. And as I said in my comments, these restructurings are normal and necessary parts of the technology world because the product is an intellectual product. In many cases, it's not a -- well, in the case, I guess an iPhone is more than an intellectual product, it's actually a product, too. But it's some combination of intellectual assets and other types of assets. And so again, when you get into these situations where companies don't perform, this is the normal process, and they tend to evolve until they come back to a winning scenario. So whether this transition is the right one, we'll know. If it's not, there will be another transition afterwards. We've seen it a thousand times out here. And it's, I think, the healthy part of this market in that it's very dynamic. And whereas some companies that have products don't innovate, everyone out here is forced to innovate. And this is the process that forces innovation. So again, I don't know anything specific about the current situation, but the process is ongoing. And I hope it's successful at Yahoo!, but if it's not, the next one may be. So I think that's what will happen.
Michael J. Schall: It really isn't to keep the engine going longer. That is not the motivation. The motivation is a -- it's partially -- look at my constituencies. I have the investment community, I have the Essex employees and I have the residents. It's trying to balance the constituencies appropriately, and this is what we think is appropriate. We think that this will give us a defensible position with respect to the local leaders as it relates to some of these -- some of the stuff that's gone on out there, which can be pretty egregious. I mean, we're talking about 15%, but there are 20% and 25% rent increases going on out there and they are not well-received. And in the world of Facebook and electronic media and the ability to publicize these types of situations that are really pretty tough to accept in the normal world, I think there's real exposure. So again, my feeling about the thing is that the apartment world should exercise some normal self-restraint, and I give California Apartment Association kudos for trying to do that with this mediation process. Or you've got to be regulated. I mean, I think that's pretty clear. I mean, we've all seen that in a hundred different ways in other areas, so I don't know why we'd expect housing and apartments to be any different. So [indiscernible] motivation.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, although it could be different. It's different from locale to locale. So I mean, we'll be sensitive to the local political situation. But again, I mean, if -- I'm telling you, 20%, 25% rent increases, they are not accepted. If you publicize them, we're going to look as an industry as not -- as something we don't like. So again, we're really trying to balance the 3 constituencies and make the right longer-term decision for the benefit of the company's reputation and its long-term health.
Michael J. Schall: Thank you, operator. Well, on closing, I just appreciate your participation on the call. Obviously, we're pleased with the progress made during the quarter and believe that our outlook remains bright. And we look forward to hearing from all of you on the next quarter call. Thank you again.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes. So this is Erik. So as Mike said, there's always an option at 10%, and that option is anywhere from 10 to 13 months, depending on our lease expiration profile. And then there's an alternative that's offered at a different term, and of course, residents are always invited to let us know what's most important to them and we'll price that option for them as well. As Mike said, we're not getting very many thank you cards. However, what the sites tell us is that even though initially, it doesn't seem like that big of a deal, when people realize what the market rates are for their same floor plan and when they have done their shopping in the market, they realize there really is an economic benefit to them, and I think they generally feel better about it. So we have done or have accomplished, I think, what we're setting out to do, which is to defuse the issue, take a little wind out of the sail.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, this is Erik. We have a very low exposure to the corporate business in our portfolio throughout. There are some properties that do more of that type of business, as you might expect, in Seattle, in San Jose and in Redmond. Overall, to answer your question specifically, the corporate exposure is 1.1% for the portfolio. And I think the most any one of the buildings have is 15%, and even that is a little deceiving because it's staggered. And we asked corporates to take some longer-term leases, and they're usually -- and they're used to taking, again, to protect our backside.
Erik J. Alexander: No, other than the timing of the 10% increases, we just started doing the first offer, 60 days out a couple of weeks ago, that impact the October 1 and beyond -- or sorry, September 15, I think it is, and beyond. So we don't have any -- or many of the results back from that yet. And as Mike said, I would -- the impact that's hard -- or the offset that's hard to estimate is the lower availability and what that does to pricing on the new lease side. For whatever reason that we're able to reduce availability, net availability, we always see it increase in pricing on the new lease side. So that will certainly help us mitigate some of that. And as I commented, we're looking to get -- continue to grow revenue and are most comfortable doing it on the new side.
Erik J. Alexander: Well, I mean, I think these 2 periods, this summer and last summer, are different. As noted in the highlights, our net availability overall is lower this year than it is -- or than it was last year. And so again, I think that's helping us accelerate the pricing on the new side. So as long as those conditions hold up and as I reported on 30-day net availability, those are very much in control. I think we've said before that we're trying to manage around 6%, and only Seattle is at that level. Southern Cal and Northern California are lower.
Erik J. Alexander: Well, at this specific period of time, I would say that it's part of our aggressiveness last year compared to the balanced approach going into the fourth quarter this year.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, so I talked about this a little bit last quarter. And what we've sent out for the second quarter was in the 6% range, and what was achieved was 5.4%. So it ends up being pretty close to what we send out. The difference is usually end up being mostly related to people wanting different terms. There are some negotiations, if you will, again, mostly related to turn -- sorry, to term, because by giving them a limit, we already figured we've given them -- or by capping, I should say, our increase, we've already given them a best price, if you will. So what ends up happening a little bit is, I'd like to get that rate, but I'd like to have it on a 9-month basis because I'm moving after that. And so sometimes we'll split the difference with them. They don't get the same best rate. But that's our expectation.
John Lopez: Yes, this is John Lopez. We expect the buildup in North San Jose to probably peak later in the summer next year, somewhere around 2,500, 3,000 units in that range, which would put it -- there's about 225,000, 230,000 total units in the marketplace, so we're talking up potentially up to, I guess that's about 1.4%, 1.3%. And it will probably cap at that for a couple of years if you look at the -- if we look what that construction right now that can be delivered by 2014.
John Lopez: Because the single-family supply in Silicon Valley, in particular, is like 0.2%. And you've got to remember that in Silicon Valley, unlike San Francisco, 60% of the homes are single-family. So when you do your 1.4% plus 0.2%, it comes out to be about 0.5%, 0.6% for the total residential area, which we think is very manageable. If you drop me into a year and say you're getting 0.5%, 0.6%, then good job. I'd be a happy economist in that market.
John Lopez: And just one last point, Swaroop, because I think you're looking at the difference in this. If you look at previous cycles on total multi-family apartments and in condos, the only thing that's different here, this isn't going to be a peak year necessarily. It's just that a lot of it is coming into North San Jose, but that's also sort of indirectly where the jobs in the office construction in that light rail line is you just can't underestimate the impact to being on the light rail line.
John Lopez: And Alex, this is John Lopez. I know we made a comment last quarter that it might be sometime in the midpoint next year where -- when the crossover between rental growth rates might occur. But I think if we look at what's going on in the Northern California and Seattle economies, that is probably not going to be the case where before '14, that the rates in Southern California will greatly exceed Northern California. So although Southern California will pick up and pass Northern California, it's probably not going to be the case where the gaps are as big as they are, say, a year ago between North and South, if you get that.
John Lopez: Yes, that's correct. Of the deals that are under construction, worth about half, between 50% and 55% ownership of those.
John Lopez: It's a small deal, 121 units. We were working on it for about 8 months with the developer. And there aren't that many out there that makes sense, and the reason is, the developer has to come to the table with a lot of cash to get his deal financed. We're the take-out basically for it because a combination of a developer with a take-out isn't going to be enough to get a deal financed. In this case, they own the land for a long time, there's a substantial amount of equity in it but not quite enough to get it over the line. And that's where our presale helped to get it financed with Wells Fargo and deliveries roughly 18 months out. And there aren't many of those opportunities. We've looked at other pre-sale opportunities. The problem is, if the developer has a deal, wants somebody to pre-sale contract to do it, it's not going to get done. Otherwise, there will be a lot more out there.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: Just building on Alex's question about market rotation, how significantly do you think you guys could shift your NOI contribution around California to reweigh your exposure? Because arguably, that was easier a few years ago when Essex was a slightly smaller company.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: And just a few housekeeping questions. Concerning Skyline, and I apologize if I missed this, but can you talk a little bit about how the NOI that project has performed versus your original performance? I guess I'm just trying to figure out how much of the appreciation that asset stems from performance versus this cap rate compression over the last 2 years.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: And how do you think about the timing of -- or I guess do you think about the time of selling these inevitably as condos because I think your new basis is probably about $425,000 a unit? What point does it pencil out to explore a sale of these because with interest rates probably 200 basis points lower than when you bought it, does it make it easier for consumers to get this master work? I don't know where the condo market is in that particular part of Orange County today, but...
