Michael Schall: Swaroop, now this is Mike. No, it really wasn’t that, it was just simply rounding off. We do budgets from September to November and we rely on them. We use a ground up budgeting process and then we decided that the range given, where we stood in December was better than to some of the ground up budgets and we decided to keep a range of 7% to 9%. So, we could get the appropriate.
Michael Schall: I think the average cap rate of the properties that we acquired in 2011 is somewhere around 5%. As you point out, a number of them involved some kind of repositioning, which will increase the yields from there. The newer properties consistent with what I said in my prepared comments are lower than that. They are 4.5% to 4.75% range and the value-added opportunities are in the 5.25% to 5.5% range. So, over time, we are not in any tremendous hurry to complete these redevelopments. In some cases, it will take several years by the time we complete the exterior renovation and then the upgrade of the leasing office and amenities and then finally do the unit terms without drop in occupancies significantly. That process takes several years to play out.
Michael Schall: It’s a great question Eric. And I don’t think I have a simple answer. I think that finding well located properties that are that we can add value to continues to be the best overall return and I say that because in many cases just take a step back and you look at the apartment markets particularly in urban California, where you’ve got less than 0.5% to 1% of stock being produced in any one year, that means that by definition the average age of the multifamily stock is more than 20 years old. Well, there are repositioning opportunities within that 80% to 90% of the marketplace that I think are really pretty interesting and so I think that is a key focus that we see this year. I think that we have come tremendously long way under John Burkart’s direction in our redevelopment programs in terms. We’ve now done a lot of full scale redevelopments and we’ve been able to do them cost effectively and adding value along the way. And I think that those opportunities are really pretty exciting. I also think that the preferred equity investments of the general statement given how low the underlying first mortgages are on a lot of these properties have Fannie, Freddie, debt in the high 3% range for 10 year financing, creates a lot of cash flow in these transactions, which is perfect for these preferred equity investments. So, I think it will be a processing involving careful selection. I think there is still pretty significantly good opportunities out there to choose from.
Michael Schall: Our formula for determining whether to buy something or build something really starts with what is the value and the cash flow embedded in the share of stock from the existing portfolio and trying to determine, whether we are making the company better i.e., accretive to NAV, accretive to cash flow. And so we won financial models on the company trying to gauge into the key components and what we’re trying to do is accrete to the shareholder interest. So, it changes almost daily. Obviously as the stock price changes then interest rates change and therefore it’s really to be genesis of where the fund and third-party joint ventures come from. If we can find a cheaper cost of capital represented by them and a different risk reward scenario, we’ll go in that direction otherwise we will be acquiring on balance sheet. But that is a iterative process and one that we will be pursuing as we look at each deal this year.
Michael Schall: I think what happened there was, it was driven by the incredible belief in the condos, you could sell anything in any price market which drilled, I would think way more than half of the deliveries that we saw and convert to apartment that’s not going to happen this time.
Michael Schall: Exactly. We have a definition that we’ve used for many years for cap rate and I realized can be different from what others use, ours is a standardized 95% occupancy, market rents today a normal management fee pre-capital, pre-CapEx.
Michael Schall: It’s a good question David. And, I can’t – I don’t know with certainty what exactly is going to happen within the political scheme. We have maintained a process by eliminating our to one renewal option to 15% increase largely because of the some of the issues that have cropped up in the past as it relates to that issue. And, so far I don’t know of any organized activity that is pushing on the rent control front, but we continued to monitor it closely, it’s important to us, and so far so good.
Michael Schall: It’s one of those subjects and issues that is the pretty well-received by the people. So, it’s everywhere…
Michael Schall: Yeah, if you’re just saying, yes.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Something like that, I mean, depending on the cap rate I use it would change, but obviously…
Michael Schall: Yeah, Town and Country and so we’ve had some level of market research that we have just increased the intensity of that. So that it is similar to what we do on the West Coast in terms of market timing model trying to understand the supply demand relationships and hopefully looking for balances. And we believe that rents have great growth potential on the West Coast, which is why we wouldn’t make that shift at this point in time. We think we have about the best locations that there are in nation and we don’t want to dilute that presence. But the whole purpose of the market research review is to try to identify entry points and get the timing right. So that’s what we are looking for.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay sounds good. Thank you.
Michael Schall: Dividend we are – we propose that to the Board. I don’t want to guess what the Board might say. I’ll give you a little bit of historical precedent however and that is to follow the FFO growth rate of the prior year. However in this case, because we had a couple of years of declining FFO and we increased the dividend a very small amount we will play some catch up. So, I am guessing it will be in the mid – maybe little bit higher single-digit range.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you much.
Michael Schall: Yeah. I mean, again I think well even within our footprint. So, if you say okay, the three County Bay Area, the counties surrounding the bay, the areas that we are going to be able to buy homes that are discounted enough in order to make that work out on an investment basis are going to be areas that we all renters will not want to rent in and not want to live in. So, I am sure there are some areas where that will work and just not areas that we own property and I’ll give you some examples. Maybe Hayward have some areas where within the – within Alameda County that where you could find housing in expenses enough to generate a positive cash flow a significant positive cash flow on the rental transaction. The problem is we don’t really want to be in Hayward. It’s not one of our desired locations. We have one property there, it’s up in the hills near Cal State East Bay has very specific reason why it’s there and why it’s a good investment. That aside, we just don’t see, we don’t see it as major competition. I know that it actually you went to Skyline and you were – you noted that you caught them on a very short-term period where they had a lot of move-outs, but I think that’s an anomaly. I think that there are typically in the 20% to 25% move-out range right now to home ownership and that’s the highest end product anywhere. So, again we are sensitive to it, I assure you, we just don’t see it as being a major detraction from our operation.Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Sure. I will take it offline. I understand the answer from an economic perspective, but more so was thinking about just purely operational revenue synergies and expense synergies given your platform, but I'll follow up with you. Thank you.
Erik Alexander: This is Erik. I think, again, consistent with comments with the low supplies and not just our low availability, but market availability is low. And really all four counties would have a major presence, where we have seen activity, more recently, rents moving up, offered rates being expected, new rents going higher, is that in Los Angeles in particular. Some parts of Orange County and Ventura has been actually strong over the last couple of months and so we are looking for that to go, to continue in the same direction. San Diego has been pretty consistent with the expectations so far.
Erik Alexander: Yeah after that I would add on to that, that I think what you might want to look at this time, Alex that maybe other than the last tech boom was the emergence of the health in biosciences and that is a very big component obviously in Northern California markets, but it is also has a big presence in San Diego, but that is an area where that will be expanding as it go on – if that’s going to be a larger percentage of the expenditures that we see it in the increase in the amount of money spend towards venture capital in those life science areas.
Erik Alexander: There is a lot being build Downtown relative to what was being build a couple of years ago which was very little. Roughly right now there is about 6,000 units under construction in Seattle, roughly 5,000 that is Downtown, but it’s a very big chunk, its about 40% of the overall metropolitan area and if you look at the number of jobs versus housing units that are available to live Downtown, it is one of those core areas where there is more workers than housing supply to them and over the last 15, 20 years its been more of a push for the higher income people getting jobs Downtown because it's more of the tech and more of the healthcare is going Downtown. We are seeing people choosing to live Downtown versus commute to the far suburb, which is becoming extremely difficult. So if you look at – I would say that you have to also remember that initial boom was due to a abating of BMRs if you got it in during the year. So what I think you will see is a little less starts this year and so I don’t think that is going to be a reason to think either the Downtown or the total market. In the end, we think it will always gets delivered, it still 1.1% multifamily are less than one on the total residential supply line, so, we are looking at – we are getting job worth of 2%, we expect that to continue for several years.
Erik Alexander: Yeah, this is Erik. I commented on that. I mean there is really three properties that are dominated by students, two in Santa Barbara and the small one in the Santa Cruz, one in Santa Cruz fully occupied during the fourth quarter and we made good progress actually in Santa Barbara by doing bed rentals and respectively the occupancy there is about 90%. The – our outlook is better frankly we had two windows of demand one actually starts in February goes for a couple of months and then the other one towards the end of the summer before the semester starts and we’ve already seen in Santa Barbara a big uptick in interest phone calls and visits including from freshmen that are already looking for housing for next year, so through a positive sign for us and in fact if I think we were still able to get rentals during a very good timeline it's difficult to do, so we’re changing the approach a little bit now that we exchange some success with the bad rentals and so we look to be fully occupied before the semester starts in the fall.
Erik Alexander: And that similar rent probably a little bit higher, I think we called for 3% increase on the rent based on the fact that we don’t think there is any new supply threat facing us this year.
Erik Alexander: There is some of that. And it actually works against us. And for us as we have a lot of the times can monitor all the activity you can see, but what people are talking about or you hear because somebody comes in to the office and we deal with it case-by-case. Thankfully I think we do a good job of providing service and housing and often times we have plenty of defenders which is the best thing. We don’t have to get involved in it at all. We have the other tenants talk to me about how great their experience is at Essex and a lot of people that are in touch with the competitive market. They will tell you hey, you think that’s bad you should go see X, Y, Z and how much their rent is. Nobody likes getting an increase, but you're still way better off here than there.
Erik Alexander: There are issues. All of the cities had some form of staff reduction 2, 2.5 years ago. We hadn’t added much to staff. So, there is some friction there, yes.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks very much. That’s all I have.
Erik Alexander: This is Erik. We haven’t seen any unique changes in product demands. Some of the, if you might imagine, smaller ones that are in studios and the value propositions for peoples, almost don't matter what's submarket driven end and larger floor plans and three bedrooms are popular with families and tend to not always could tend to follow a pattern of school enrollment. So, I can’t say that anything unique is popping up.
