Michael T. Dance: Thanks, Erik. Today, I will provide comments on our third quarter results, the revisions to our merger and integration cost guidance and we'll close with an update on our balance sheet. As Eric and Mike mentioned, we had another outstanding quarter, in which Core FFO exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.08 per share or a 13% increase over the third quarter of 2013. The out performance in the quarter was primarily due to better-than-expected property operations and the strong development lease-up activity in both the Essex and legacy BRE portfolios, as the growth in new jobs minimize the impact of the new supply delivered in the quarter. The 6% sequential increase in Southern California's operating expenses was predominantly caused by utility expense increasing by $350,000 from seasonal water use and $225,000 increase in property taxes. In California, the new property tax year begins on July 1 and the sequential increase on property taxes of 4% was due to assessments in Southern California returning to their adjusted Proposition 13 valuations after benefiting from the temporary declines and valuations from the recession. These sequential increases in Q3's operating expenses were expected and included in the guidance provided on our second quarter call. As a result of the strong third quarter results, we have increased our same-property revenue growth by increasing the midpoint 30 basis points to 6.9%, and our same-property net operating income growth by 40 basis points to 8.5% at the midpoint. For the full year, we have revised down the merger and integration cost estimate by approximately $19 million at the midpoint. We expect to realize between $5 million to $8 million of savings in merger and integration cost and expect to incur the remaining integration cost in 2015. Yesterday after our earnings release, Essex received notice that our Wesco II preferred equity investment of $95 million was prepaid. The redemption fee recorded in the fourth quarter will increase our guidance for total funds from operations by $5 million. However, this prepayment penalty will be excluded from Core FFO. The loss of our preferred equity investment of yielding 10.1% and our asset management fee of 1% will largely be offset by the pipeline of new preferred equity investments and the fourth quarter real estate acquisition which Mike referred to earlier. I will now conclude with brief comments on our balance sheet. At the October -- at the end of October, we have approximately $750 million available on our unsecured line of credit. The legacy BRE Phoenix assets held for sale of approximately $108 million should close early in 2015. We have approximately $100 million of debt coming due in the next 12 months, and our share of the unfunded development commitment is approximately $300 million. Overall, Essex is in great position financially as we head into 2015. This ends my comments. And I will now return the call back to the operator for questions.
Michael T. Dance: I think it both looks good. I think there's still integration opportunities and the renovations, I think, will put up impressive returns.
Michael T. Dance: David, this a Mike Dance. They're doing very well. We had about 7% rent growth in that portfolio. So it did as well as the rest of the portfolio.
Michael J. Schall: Well, in California, I think the key issue is whether we have the entitlements to sell these condos. Most California cities are very protective of the rental stock. And as a result of that, they do not allow convergence of apartments into condos. The numbers that we had in our Investor Day about a year ago were somewhere in the 6,000 to 7,000 units of apartments that our condo convertible not all of immediately, but there's a process that we think that we can convert into condos and sell. In terms of the premium of condo values over apartment values, it varies very widely by market. And Southern California, for the most part, I'd say, at 0. And in Northern California, really specifically San Francisco, it's in the 10% to 15% range.
Michael J. Schall: Yes. Rental rate growth, yes. We have a self-impose on renewals. We have a self-imposed 10% cap on our renewal rates. And again, it goes back to -- it's not in a vacuum that can sound like a limiting factor. The purpose of the cap is really twofold. It's, one, to give existing residents a little bit more favorable transaction relative to people coming in through the front door, and 2, to increase the renewal percentage so we turn fewer units. So there's -- we believe that there's a payback in how we manage that part of the equation. And, I guess, there's a third potential benefit, which is I think the local government entities would consider that a reasonable approach as it relates to the need for rent control type ordinances.
Michael J. Schall: Alex, it's Mike here. Let me take a shot at that, and Erik may want to chime in here at the end. I think that we've got the let's call it the low hanging fruit and that we have normalized the occupancy and taken some of the immediate steps that we can take. But in our experience, revenue management is a process. And it will take a couple of years to get all of that dialed in. And by that, I mean, for example, we amenity-price every single units. And so I think that we still need to work through the amenity pricing that was done on the BRE portfolio. There's a lot of, I think, opportunity there just because they didn't have enough time to fully implement LRO. And we've done it now a few times and those of you that go back far enough with us will remember that it wasn't always so perfect on our case either. So it takes time to fully dial that in. There's some opportunity and expiration management as well. We took on the expiration that we had in place on April 1. In general, BRE had shorter lease terms, somewhere around 10 months. And Essex was a little bit longer than that. And so we think there are some opportunity there. On the redevelopment side or the value add part of the portfolio, again, we approached it differently. And so we stopped the -- we have of the BRE -- on the BRE side, and are going to reimplement it. I think there are some unique opportunities here because their properties are somewhat newer than the Essex portfolio, and therefore, there's less of the basic infrastructure, we have plumbing and roofs and that type of thing and more things that the customers see, which are kitchens and baths and that type of improvements. So I think there's good opportunity in both areas. And we're excited about the opportunity. We think we'll be able to unlock some additional value there.
Michael J. Schall: San Francisco is a difficult place to do business, and as you can imagine and there are always challenges on the entitlement side. So there's no Prop M equivalent to worry about, but there are other challenges to get deals approved, which always limits supply in general.
Michael J. Schall: David, it's Mike Schall. We're in the middle of the budgeting process, and that process ends this December when we present our business plan to the Board in early December. So I think you've caught us sort of mid-cycle on that. But as a general statement, I don't think there's -- other than the things Erik said, there is some things in the BRE portfolio that, over the longer term, I think falling to the merger synergy of things. If you have, as I mentioned on one of the other calls we've got 10 properties within a couple of miles of one another. So what are the synergies resulting from that? We have not -- we don't have a number for that. And I don't think that they fallen to the low hanging fruit category. They fallen to the reorganized and become more efficient. And I think it probably benefits both sides. I think the key difference here is that you have the proper team revaluation as you alluded to on the BRE portfolio, and it's a fairly large number on the Essex portfolio. So I wouldn't see, other than those comments that I made, a significant difference between the expense growth rate overall. And I think, again, our focus is going to be on the combined synergies lowering the overall growth rate of expenses of the combined portfolio. And we're not going to be all that sensitive to which side it comes from.
Michael J. Schall: I think, David, there's plenty of capital out there. I don't think that's the limiting factor. And if you look at our multifamily supply, '15 versus '14, it's up a couple of thousand units, 36,500 for '14, 38,350 for '15. So we expect about the same amount of supply overall within the areas that we operate. I think the limiting factor is a couple of things. In certain areas, I think you have pressure on labor cost. There is some other cost increases that are part of that, and they're putting pressure on cap rates. So getting cap rates to that, that clearing price of somewhere above a 5%, 5.25%, 5.5% type cap rates measure today, and stabilizes somewhere in to 6% to 6.25%. So it's hard to make those numbers work when you're fighting against increased cost. And I think of this -- the cities are somewhat less excited about a lot of development. I think that there's a factor there, I note San Francisco, there's some pressure to increase the low income component to up to 30%, whether or not that actually happens on all future deals, I don't know. But that will have a very significant impact on apartment construction in San Francisco. So our expectation is that the multifamily supply remains about the same, and we'll see what happens. But I think that's probably good for the next year or so. Everyone's asking us when we expect supplies to peak, and the answer is we don't exactly know. It seems like there's plenty of apartment supply in Seattle that's a concern. But in California, we think we're overall -- we remain limited supply level for the next couple of years.
Michael J. Schall: Thank you, operator. In closing, we appreciate your participation on the call, and happy Halloween to all of you. We are obviously very pleased with the results last quarter and the outlook ahead. And we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT. Good day.
