Barbara Pak: Thanks, Angela. I'll start with a few comments on our third quarter results, discuss changes to our full year guidance, followed by an update on investments and the balance sheet. I'm pleased to report core FFO for the third quarter exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.08 per share. The favorable outcome was due to stronger operating results at both our consolidated and co-investment properties, higher commercial income and lower G&A expense. During the quarter, we saw an improvement in our delinquency rate, which declined to 1.4% of scheduled rent on a cash basis compared to 2.6% in the second quarter.  The decline is attributable to an increase in income from the federal tenant relief programs that were established to repay landlords for past due rents. Year-to-date through September, we have received $11.6 million from the various tenant relief programs, of which $9.5 million was received in the third quarter. Given the increased pace of reimbursements, we began to reduce our net accounts receivable balance in order to maintain our conservative approach to delinquencies and collections.  As a result of the strong third quarter results, we are raising the full year midpoint for same-property revenues by 20 basis points to minus 1.2%. It should be noted, this was the prior high end of our range. There are two factors I want to highlight as it relates to our fourth quarter guidance. First, as Angela discussed, we are seeing strong rent growth in our market. While there will be a small benefit to the fourth quarter, the vast majority of the benefit from higher rent growth won't be felt until 2022 when we have the opportunity to turn more leases. Second, our fourth quarter guidance assumes we continue to receive additional government reimbursements for past due rents and contemplates a continued reduction in our net accounts receivable balance.  Thus, we expect our reported delinquencies as a percent of scheduled rents to be above our cash delinquencies, which is consistent with the third quarter reported results. As it relates to full year core FFO, we are raising our midpoint by $0.11 per share to $12.44. This reflects the better-than-expected third quarter results and changes to our full year outlook. Year-to-date, we have raised core FFO by $0.28 or 2.3% at the midpoint. Turning to the investment markets, during the quarter, we raised a new institutional joint venture to fund acquisitions, as we believe this is the most attractive source of capital today to maximize shareholder value. The new venture will have approximately $660 million of buying power, a portion of which is expected to be invested by year-end.  As I discussed on our last call, we are seeing an elevated level of early redemptions of our preferred equity investments due to strong demand for West Coast apartments and inexpensive debt financing, which is leading to sales and recapitalizations. For the year, we expect redemptions to be around $290 million. Roughly 40% of these redemptions are expected to occur in the fourth quarter. Given the current environment, we could see continued elevated levels of early redemptions in 2022. In terms of new preferred equity and structured finance commitments, we are on track to achieve our 2021 objectives as outlined at the start of the year. Year-to-date, we have closed on approximately $110 million of new commitments. As a reminder, it typically takes 3-6 months post-closing to fund our commitments given they tend to be tied to development projects.  Moving to the balance sheet. As we expected, we are starting to see an improvement in our financial metrics, driven by a recovery in our operating results. In the third quarter, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio declined from 6.6 times last quarter to 6.4 times. We believe this ratio will continue to decline through growth in EBITDA over the next several quarters. With limited near-term debt maturities and ample liquidity, we remain in a strong financial position. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Barbara Pak: Yes, I just want to follow up on that one point. Haendel, the other thing that we've done over the last several years is take advantage of the low interest rate environment and lock in our interest rates for long periods of time. We have very little debt maturing next year and the following year, so we're not susceptible to rising rates from that perspective. We've locked in our interest expense effectively, and we have very limited variable rate exposure as well. So we feel good about where the balance sheets stands from an inflationary perspective.
Barbara Pak: Hi, Brad. This is Barb. So you can see we report our delinquencies. For the quarter, we were at 1.4% on a cash basis, and keep in mind, we did report in July last quarter and that was at 2.2%. So that implies August, September had come down. That was around 1% on a cash basis, and then October is about 1%, and that's really being driven by the reimbursements. As I mentioned during the call, we got 9.5 million in the third quarter. Most of that hit in August and September, and in October, we've seen a commensurate amount, so that's where we've been at. We've been stable, I would think, the last three month. It's been pretty stable in terms of our net delinquencies.
Barbara Pak: Yes. Exactly. It would be higher without those reimbursements. The reimbursements is what is driving that number lower, correct.
Barbara Pak: Hi, Amanda. Thank you for it. We've used the co-investment platform for many, many years, and we like it because it is an alternative source of capital win. We don't like our equity, our stock price, and so we've used it from time-to-time. We do think it's a good source of capital for us, and in terms of economics, we were able to reduce the hurdle rates and improve the economics for Essex. Cap rates have come down over the past year, 75 to a 100 basis points, and we're able to change terms accordingly. So the economics of the joint venture didn't change materially from what we've done in the past, but we will continue to use this source of capital going forward depending on market conditions.
Barbara Pak: Yes, that's a good question. We always remain very disciplined as it relates to what source of capital we use. So we look at a variety of different sources; one being the equity, one joint venture equity, and one disposition, and keep in mind, with values up 15% from pre-COVID levels that puts our NAV where we think the value of the Company is, is up quite a bit from where we were at the start of the pandemic, and so that's a factor that we look at when whether we want to issue equity today or not.  The other factor to keep in mind is we have a lot of money coming back from preferred equity redemptions. We're using that to fund the new investments we're making along with using the joint venture platform. We really do you think it creates a lot more value for our shareholders given the fees and the potential to promote hurdle and given where our stock price is trading. We don't believe we're at a material premium to NAV at this point.
Barbara Pak: Yes, and that's a great question. The value of our SmartRent investment is about $75 million today, and our third quarter financials, there's a lag effect there because the shares are still held within RTV until we come out of lock out, and their financials are one quarter in arrears for us, and so we would expect a fairly substantial gain in the fourth quarter. It could be up to $40 million, and then we would also have to recognize an unrealized deferred tax provision as well. That could be up to $12 million. Both of those numbers are not reflected in our full year guidance for total FFO. Just given the uncertainty, there's a lot of other moving parts within RTV that we don't try to predict that gain or loss. But those are the numbers related to SmartRent in and of itself.
Michael Schall: Hey, Nic. It's Mike, and Angela might follow me with comments. I think we're feeling very good about conditions around us. Again, we have high occupancy throughout and a very strong loss to lease, and that's been noted before. Everything looks like our markets are recovering. We expect to outperform the U.S. with respect to job growth, certainly going forward, and we view the catalyst of the return to office in Northern California as being the last piece that's probably the relative underperformance that we've had thus far relative to the peer group. We see that as still being a very strong part of our portfolio.  Historically, Northern California produces the highest CAGR of rent growth over long periods of time, and we expect that dominance to show itself and a lot of the reasons why we're embedded in the various comments that you heard from all of us, so hopefully, that all made sense. The number of open positions for tech companies, the big investments that the tech companies continue to make within the Northern California markets, etc., I think it bodes well, so we really feel great throughout our footprint. But the key piece going forward, I think, is Northern California, we feel very good about that, too.
Michael Schall: I think that given that we carry high occupancy into this period of time, any incremental growth in jobs should have a very positive impact on market rents. So, again, our expectation is, I would say, Northern California was probably shut down to a greater level than most other markets, maybe L.A. would be number two, but it has had the most muted recovery, yet, it has, I would say, the strongest and most dynamic job base. So again, we're looking forward to that. We're hoping it would happen earlier.  But again, I think the Delta variant has postponed that. But again, we feel strong. We think all the things, all the conditions that we would expect to see from number of open positions for these companies, major commitments to campuses and lease commitments for office space, etc., all seem to be focused on a return-to-office program, probably in a hybrid sense for these companies. So I think that's before us in the not distant future.
Michael Schall: Okay. Haendel, thanks for the question. It's a good one. I'll let Angela handle the technology piece of it. Help me. What was your first part of your question? I'm sorry.
Michael Schall: Barb drilled that into a prior to the call. Please don't give out any guidance for next year. So we're still working on this. Yes, I guess the point I would make is in high gross margin businesses, even if you get some expense pressure, the top line is so much more important. So I think in my view, we always look at rents. What's the relationship between rents and incomes? So in an inflationary environment, if incomes are going up, we're probably able to pass through most of that in the form of rent. If that happens, we will do very well on that scenario.
Michael Schall: Well, occupancy is a little bit different element, and that really has to do with how aggressively we're pushing rents, and so occupancy, some have noted has actually declined a little bit, but that's really because we're pushing rents. When you push rents, you hold out a little bit longer and you are willing to accept a little bit lower occupancy level. But going back to our basic thesis, if we have 530,000 jobs created next year and the typical relationship between a household and a job is 2:1.  So we have somewhere around 265,000 units of demand for apartments, and we produce a total supply of 64,000 homes. We should do pretty darn well on that scenario. Again, affordability becomes the key issue, and affordability is different by market. We screen, relatively inexpensive in Northern California and relatively expensive than Southern California. But just looking at basic supply demand, we should be in great shape next year. We don't know exactly what's going to happen. We think 7.7% is a big number, but we'll wait and see.
Michael Schall: It's a good question, and the granularity of that data is difficult to follow, and so it's hard to say exactly what's happening recently. We do have job growth, and the job growth is exceeding the national average. So from that statistic alone, we feel like there were some positive movement back to the Bay Area and clearly occupancy, etc., has confirmed that. But we don't think that the major shift has happened. We expect it to pick up here in the next couple of months as we approach year-end and hopefully accelerate into 2022, and that's the premise. But again, I'd say we need more job growth than what we have currently to achieve the 2022 forecast that is on S-17. But we'll do fine either way.
Michael Schall: Actually, maybe, I think there are several parts to that, and I think we may need to clarify the question a bit here. But overall, we think 2022 will have roughly 4% more supply than 2021, and part of that is because there was the delivery delays caused by COVID, and eventually, they will catch up into 2022, but not enough to be really meaningful in the scheme of things, especially, again, when you go through the job numbers that we have and the implied demand from 530,000 new jobs across our footprint. Notably, on the supply side, Seattle is the one market that's down pretty substantially about 12%. So that's another gold star, let's say, for the Seattle market there. Barb, do you want to [Indiscernible] Yes.
Michael Schall: Yeah. This is Mike, and good question. We are still waiting and guessing as to what might happen with SB 9 and 10, and of the two, the one that's more impactful is SB 9 because that would effectively have the state override local zoning laws as it relates to the development of ADU units, and so potentially allowing more ADU units to be built in the suburbs. So I want to note that there previously was a ADU law that was passed earlier this year, and this whole situation has been quite politically active with respect to the YIMBYs, the "Yes, In My Back Yard", versus the NIMBYs, the "No, In My Back Yard" groups, and that's going to be an ongoing battle.  So I think personally, given that there was an ADU law that was out there before and it had relatively little impact, that's going to continue to be the case. There was a L.A. Times article that was recently written and it estimate, I don't know where this estimate came from, but I'll just mention it for the sake of transparency. It mentioned that estimated 1.5% of single-family homes are likely to use SB 9. I suspect that will be high. But the backdrop of this is that Governor Newsom and various other sources have indicated that the state is short millions of homes, and the likelihood that SB 9 and SB 10 will change that, I think, is very unlikely.
Michael Schall: Thank you, Operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. We look forward to seeing many of you, virtually speaking, at the upcoming NAREIT. Until then, stay well, and again, thank you for joining the call.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. So first question, I guess, is on the topic [Indiscernible] inflation and all the ways that it's impacting the business. How are you thinking about that impact in regards to payroll, R&M, utilities? What levers can you pull to offset some of those costs into next year? Then maybe some broader comments on your technology platform, where you are in terms of the rollout of that and how that could be a help here as well? Thanks.
Haendel St. Juste: So without putting words in your mouth, it sounds like the near-term outlook for inflation, does it necessarily spook you? Perhaps there's a little bit of pressure building in the business, but maybe not to the degree to perhaps put a mid-single-digit type of expense growth outlook for next year.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Fair enough. The second question, if I could ask about the two office acquisitions here in the quarter. Maybe some comments around the math, the thought process. Should we think of these as opportunistic in more one-offs or perhaps more reflective of the low cap rates in your markets which could be making more conventional acquisitions more difficult? If that's the case, thoughts on calling some of the portfolio a bit or maybe taking advantage of some of the pricing? Thanks.
Angela Kleiman: Great. On the technology front, Haendel, what we have been doing is to really focus on ramping up the contactless interactions which also allows for efficiency and then allows more flexibility for our site team. So we are going to continue that path and further refine and enhance those technology, and what that means is that it will allow our staff to probably specialize more and hopefully continue to be more efficient, and that will help. I don't think it will be, say, an immediate relief as far as the payroll expenses that you're looking for, but over time, it should benefit the business platform.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, happy to. It's Angela here. At September, the portfolio loss to lease was 9.8%, and it's a widespread, it's from Northern California into force to Southern California in the low single digits, around 13%. We understand that typically, analysts look to this loss of lease to model next year. So I want to just make sure that I provide a little more context on that because we want to consider a couple of factors.  First, this year was an unprecedented year because we started out the year with a huge negative rent growth and has turned positive. It's a very steep curve. This trajectory is not likely to repeat next year. Because of that, and the delay in the seasonal peak, it has created a small drag on revenue for next year. Secondly, some markets, those over 10%, which, broadly speaking, will be our Orange County, San Diego, and Ventura counties. They're above the 10% rent control cap. So that will be a factor as well.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, I see what you mean. Normally, let's put it this way for now. It has been higher, but that's pretty typical. What we try to do is forecast what the rent level is going to be one or two months out, whenever we sent a renewal. So what that means is sometimes it's higher, sometimes it's lower. So if we think that we're sending out renewals now for, say, December, January, it's not likely to be a whole lot higher. But back in, if we're sending renewals out in March for renewals in May or June, it tends to be higher. So it really depends on the timing and the market conditions.
Angela Kleiman: That's a good question, and this goes toward the social responsibilities part of our corporate governance, right? We have a self-imposed cap of 10% for many, many years, and really, the approach behind that is to avoid being viewed as anti-gouging, and that strategy has worked well for us for many, many years, and it really has not materially negatively impacted the returns of our shareholders.
Angela Kleiman: Well, it's broadly across the portfolio, and so it's wherever we have that hitting the loss of lease of up 10%, and so it happens to coincide with 1482. So it's Orange County, San Diego, and Ventura, because they're all above 10% loss of lease.
Angela Kleiman: Then Neil, I just want to make sure that in my prepared comments, I did say that we had $290 million of preferred redemption this year, and given the current environment, if it is to continue low interest rates and high valuations for West Coast assets, we could expect early redemptions of a comparable amount in 2022, I would imagine. We could still face headwinds there, just given this environment. We're seeing a lot of developers able to take us out early for a variety of reasons. I wanted to make sure that you heard that as well.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, that's an interesting question in that the data set itself, I want to just give a little context because I think that matters. Our San Mateo market only actually has four properties in the same store, and so because of that, you are going to see a lot more volatility, and in addition, there has been good job growth and it's a good market for us. There has been lease up competition in the area. We're talking about an interim period where you have competition from lease up, well their job growth is still at a slower pace relative to our other markets, and then you add that with a small data set. It's going to just be a lot more volatile. It's not that there's anything fundamentally that we're concerned about with this market.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, happy to. It's Angela here. We started ramping up and I mentioned that last quarter, and we're going to continue to do so, especially in light of the recovery and the strength of the recovery, and of course, our expectations for market rent growth next year, and our goal at this point is really to double the number of renovations for next year compared to this year, and then ultimately, get back to pre-COVID levels because it does take a little more time to ramp up these activities, and as market conditions improve, we also make sure that we underwrite the improvements, and ensure we don't have capital destruction, and make sure that we're meeting the market, and optimizing our returns, and so it's not a turn the switch on, we just want to be diligent about it.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. I'm happy to. We target our ROI at pre-COVID levels. But keep in mind it's driven by market rents, and so what that means is that ROI, the way we approach it is that we wouldn't proceed with a reinvestment opportunity if we're not achieving our target ROI. Therefore, if you're concerned that there has been any compression or deterioration there, there has not been.
Angela Kleiman: Oh, the policy. Yes. I see what you mean. So we have not seen the impact from the Amazon shift. Because keep in mind, while, yes, they have the corporate mandate, but they also have a lot of workers throughout the region. Of course, all the businesses that support Amazon. But practically speaking, we have not seen an impact on our turnover, we have not seen an impact in our occupancy and certainly not an impact on our ability to raise rents.
Angela Kleiman: Well, the CPI plus 5%, it's that, but it's cap to 10%. So it's not a metric that we have flexibility to push at our discretion, and we've been operating in this market even before AB 1482. We have assets that had rent control. Over a long period of time, it had comparable growth rates and we've operated well under these circumstances. So we don't think this is going to fundamentally change our ability to achieve our return targets.
Angela Kleiman: Yeah, happy to. So this is an unusual year in that normally, we peak around July, and so starting, end of July, we start to have a deceleration for six months. This is an unusual year in that we had this huge ramp-up. We went from a big negative, I think, like negative 10% of market rent growth in Q1, and we peaked around, it depends on which markets, but Seattle and Northern California peaked around August, and Southern California is just peaking now, as we speak. So it's very different from that perspective, having said that, that natural seasonality does play itself out, and so the question is really a magnitude issue.  What we're going to continue to do is focus on at this point, wherever we can push rents, but more likely as we head into November, December, now focusing on occupancy, and I think some people noted that in the third quarter, we allow occupancy to fall a bit, but I want to emphasize that was because of the strength of the market, and now we're going to preserve those rents and focus on occupancy if we see that deceleration continue to continue.
Adam Berry: Hi, Haendel. This is Adam. So I'll touch on both of the two office acquisitions that Mike touched on in the opening remarks. They're both separate, which is why I'll cover them separately. The first one which is in South San Francisco, we've had that tied up for over 3 years, and so during that time, we work with the city to determine what zoning we could get. During that time, we're basically able to increase the density by over a 100 units. So when you take that, coupled with the cap rate compression that we've seen in the market, the deal made more sense than really, any development deal that we've penciled in the last couple of years.  So there is in-place income on the existing use, it's in the, call it, high three cap rate range, which is fine. That will get us through to entitlements which we would expect in nine months to a year or so. The other one, somewhat of an outlier. It's a single-tenant office deal in Seattle, really good location. There's still another nine years on the lease, and we have a partial guarantee for that for that term. So it's north of a six cap on current income. It does pencil on today's multifamily underwriting, and it is actually zoned for multifamily, but we'll revisit that in 5, 6, 7 years from now to see what makes the most sense. But for now, that's a very solid covered land play from our perspectives.
Adam Berry: Just one additional comment. The most onerous rent controls within California, San Francisco, or Santa Monica, or Berkeley, there's just very little that trades there. So that's where you see that the larger loss to lease, the bigger gap between in-place and economic, and that's where pricing would fluctuate more. But as far as AB 1482 goes, the California statewide one, it doesn't really factor in to really anyone's models from what I can tell.
Adam Berry: It's something we consider in all of our strategic decisions. We're not focused on the office market. I want to be very clear that the two opportunities that we had are like fairly one-offs. But we look at all of those factors in determining where and what to invest in.
Adam Berry: Yeah. So just one final follow-up there. We're always looking at the spread between where stabilized acquisitions or stabilized assets are trading versus our development yield. Whether deal is entitled or unentitled, we're going to look for a different spread between what in-place cap rates are, and so that escalation that Mike referred to, we assume on everything whether it's 3 months out, 6 months out, or 2 years out. Then that factors into the denominator. So with this cap rate compression, we've seen, especially on these two deals, and there are a couple of others potentially in the pipeline where that spread has increased, and those are the deals that we are pursuing aggressively.
Adam Berry: Neil, as far as on the street opportunities that we're seeing to kind of echo your point with costs having risen. Now that being said, costs are well down from where we were at the lumber peak in mid-summer. But taking all that into account, we're seeing a steady flow of deals, but fewer deals, it seems that are penciling and that's both on the mezz and pref side as well as on the direct development side. The one point I made earlier with cap rates compressing on existing products, they're also diminishing some on the development yields. There are competing factors as to how deals are being made today, but like I started with, there is a flow of deals happening. But again, those that are actually penciling are, I would say, fewer and further between.
Adam Berry: Yes. Thanks, John. As Mike pointed out in the opening remarks, that's an average. As it relates specifically to the Bay Area, there's been very little to trade, very little of substance. I think that number in the Bay Area is going to be anywhere between 5% and maybe upwards of 20%. But again, there's been really just two Class A deals that have traded and then some B and C deals that have traded. So we're talking about very limited data set.
Chandni Luthra: I think it's officially noon on the West Coast, so I will say, good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with your redevelopment program. If you could perhaps give some color. I believe you started that last quarter where you're at and how are you thinking about it in 2022.
Chandni Luthra: Then Angela as you follow-up to that, how's ROI looking at on those redevelopments? Is that consistent with pre-COVID levels? Is there a big range to think about there? Just trying to understand that if you could throw some color on that as well, please.
Chandni Luthra: Got you, and then my sort of second question would be, one of your peers talked about earlier today about some impact on leasing velocity from Amazon's policy shift on return to office. Just wanted to check with you what are you guys seeing from your standpoint? Thank you.
