Michael Schall: I think it’s a couple of things. I think it’s lack of activity, lack of listed properties out there on the market place. So in other words there is a supply and demand for property out there, and supply driven by people listing their properties, demand driven by investor dollars searching for that -- for those properties, and they can become -- those forces can become out of wack just like any other supply and demand force. As a result of that, what we’re seeing is less property coming on to the market and still considerable demand for multi-family assets and we think that the combination of those two in addition to overall lower capital cost may push cap rates down a little bit. 
Michael Schall: I do. Again, not materially, I mean as I said in my comments, there has really been very few transactions since last quarter, and so I think that we are interpreting the [tea leaves] perhaps a little bit here, and so what I’m talking about is I think more of an anticipation than a reality at this point in time. 
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike S again; and John Burkart is here. He may want to add to it. In effect, we just had a different set of objectives. Our objective is to generate returns and overall improve our properties. The BRE redevelopment program was focussed on trying to generate the same unit everywhere. So, our view is depending upon geography you need to customize the rehab program to the asset you’re dealing with and try to find things -- and John has done a great job with our redevelopment program because he has a whole list of potential amenities from backyards to other site amenities and interiors that really reflect the opportunity in the market place as opposed to trying and create more of a one size fits all type of approach. So, ours is a customized approach, and BRE was different from that. I recall at one of the first meetings we had in Las Vegas where we are looking at -- all the management team was there -- we were looking at returns from redevelopment efforts on the BRE site, again because they were trying to go to product consistency as opposed to investment return. They had some very low yielding redevelopment projects, and essentially that’s what we’re trying to correct or to improve. 
Michael Schall: Right, no, I totally agree with you. I think that cost of capital has improved since we submitted our business plan to the board, which is where the accretion number came from. Obviously, we sold the two Phoenix assets that are relatively high cap rate, and so we have had to overcome the dilution related to that from new acquisitions. I think that this year is one of the most difficult years to project what’s going to happen primarily because there is such a dearth of transaction activity out there right now. However, having said that, most of the transactions are bunched into the peak leasing season, whereas sellers have learned to try to get the benefit of the peak leasing season. If rents are up another $100, obviously that inures to their benefit and evaluation of their properties, and so there is likely to be more transactions beginning and let’s say the second quarter through the third quarter, we just have a hard time predicting what that might look like. So we’d love to do more. Again, I think cost of capital is only moved in our favor since our initial accretion numbers came -- that were presented to the Board. And so, I think that there is some upside opportunity, we’re just not sure about how deep the opportunity set is going to be on the acquisition side.
Michael Schall: Of course. So we are on S15. Anyone who is trying to follow this discussion, where we reproduce the job forecast and a forecast for residential supply, it intended to be a scenario. So if U.S. GDP grows at 2.8% and the U.S. gets 2% job growth, we think that the West Coast markets on average will outperform that. We have 2.5%, you made the point that that appears to be a deceleration but I want to note that in 2014 we did the same exercise and what happened was we ended up doing better in terms of jobs in our initial forecast. So I think that there isn’t a chance that we can beat these numbers. I note that, as Eric also commented on San Jose’s job growth over December ‘14 was 4% and San Francisco is 3.7%; we have those numbers decelerating to 3.2% and 3%. So this is not a perfect science. We try to do a pretty good job of trying to have a economic scenario and a economic rent growth forecast. There is an element perhaps of being somewhat conservative because we don’t know what factors may face us in the New Year. And certainly we hope to move ahead. I think the other force that I referred to in the call which is in coastal California the lack of for sale housing production and the fifth year of demand over supply imbalance, are also really important considerations. We are not sure exactly how those will play out. It could be that once again it just pushes occupancies that much further and we actually get another really fantastic year rent growth. So there is an element of not knowing here and we probably interpret that to be a little bit more conservative than we could. I think that there -- specifically I think there is upside to the southern California numbers given again very limited supply of housing and improving economies we see it in -- certainly in Downtown LA and West LA, in West Hollywood and in Hollywood certainly and to a lesser extent other areas, like in Warner Center we have very limited growth rate and I’ve seen very limited growth for several years. So, I think that LA has the opportunity, the LA Metro area has opportunity to outperform and Northern California again the conditions are great, but we have a pretty high expectation there, certainly relative to axiometrics and some of the other numbers. So again it’s not a perfect science and there is a certain art to this and we think this is a reasonable scenario given what we expect the U.S. economy to do in U.S. job growth. 
Michael Schall: Jana, that’s a good question. I think Mike’s analogy to the Goldilocks economy is a good one because even though I would say that a strong dollar would hurt global companies in general, I think that there is enough momentum here especially in the tech world to continue with really good job numbers and again we have some deceleration forecast if you look at what we achieved in 2014 versus what we projected I think if you look at December-over-December 14 jobs we were up 2.8% as a portfolio we’re projecting 2.5%. I think that’s a reasonable expectation given what’s happening in the job world and with macro economics. So we feel pretty comfortable with that. 
Michael Schall: I don’t think that we specifically targeted that as the expense element. There might be something, Jana. I think in the scheme of things you know I think Mike talked about property taxes being the driving force here and so yes, I don’t see anything material. I’m sure there is something, because you know obviously oil cost affects delivery cost in a variety of materials and that could have some impact, but I don’t think it’s material. 
Michael Schall: I think that we have the expense growth numbers that we think that are prudent as we go through our budgeting process which is essentially a ground-up type of process. I think Eric can probably talk about what that assumption is with respect to our budgets, but in general I think the driving force of personal incomes are these tech companies and business services that are actually doing very well. I think this is BLS data doesn’t forecast the personal income growth and they have San Francisco at 6.6% estimated for 2015, Seattle 5.6%, San Jose 6.8%; so very healthy numbers on the personal income side. And that of course drives the rent to immediate income ratio which still are within the ratios that we consider to be sustainable. So we feel good about that. Now having said that I think that not everyone obviously is getting these wage growth and so there is a transition going on within the portfolio, so if you are coming and taking a new job that’s a high end job you could afford to pay the higher rent. Someone perhaps is being priced out of that scenario and may have to move further out and I think you see that phenomenon occurring within our portfolio because you see for example the Eastbay, Alameda County and Contra Costa County growing faster than San Francisco. I think that that represents people that are being priced out of the market, looking for a suitable house that’s you know typically on a transit node outside the city. So there is a transition going on and I think that’s healthy for the market place.
Michael Schall: I think a big part of it is redevelopment and we have really worked hard to perfect that. We produce less than 1% of housing stock a year, out here in our core costal markets. That means over 20 years you’re producing somewhere around 20% of stock that means 80% of the stock is more than 20 years old and realizing that the real opportunity is in the redevelopment area and certainly is the focus within acquisitions to try to find value added transactions. I think that is a big driver. I also think that our submarket selection is good and our capital allocation process which involves ranking 30 somewhat submarkets and deploying capital appropriately ahead of growth. I think all those things work together. I note that one of the transactions we bought last year Apex -- Craig, our senior acquisition guy was noticing that between the time that the deal was listed and the time it actually got through the best and final was like 45 day lag, something like that, in that period of time he noticed that the rents have moved up significantly and he went from sort of #3 in that process to #1 by increasing his bid a little bit and ended up with a superior transaction. So, I think it’s a variety of things about how we look at the world from capital deployment and allocation to the opportunity represented by the rehab program I think really drives that outperformance. 
Michael Schall: This is Mike, and generally no. We generally don’t like being beyond the 680 corridor primarily because it brings you too close to over the hill in Tracy where you can buy a house for a couple of hundred thousand dollars. So, we like this transition from a renter to a homeowner to be a very difficult one and so part of our broad strategic objective is to be in places where for-sale housing is very expensive making the transition from a renter to homeowner a challenging one.
Michael Schall: This is Mike S. In general we constantly monitor the two and we are trying to find the best accretion solution given all the arrows in the quiver with respect to capital without making greater risk in the balance sheet. So at this point in time with the movement in the stock and the rally in the debt markets, I think the preference will be to grow on balance sheet. There would be perhaps some limited exceptions on the development side because that is a little bit different in that we’re committing to a cap rate today and we funded over the next couple of years. So our batch funding ability is more limited there, but I would say we haven’t marketed many acquisitions to the institutional market recently given what I just said about, our on balance sheet cost of capital, but I suspect that their yield targets have not changed all that materially, maybe come down a little bit relative to a year ago. 
Michael Schall: First of all on your comment of shadow pipeline of 4 billion, I think that’s -- one pipeline which includes the 2.5 billion# that we got plus the 1.5 that is in the shadow that we haven’t started, just to clarify that. As far as yields overall in the mid 6 to 7 range is where we’re landing our stabilization at and about half the pipeline that currently is in will be stabilized during the first couple of quarters and then half of the balance by the end of the year and then going into ’16. And maybe just to add one specific item that I think you asked which is the 2015 starts are somewhere in that $800 million range projected of the $1.3 billion shadow pipeline. 
Michael Schall: It’s Mike. No, not really, we do operate some properties that are around a variety of schools and there are some unique challenges with those properties, namely that students don’t treat the property very well and you need specialized systems and ways of dealing with them and I think that there’s some price sensitivity at some level certainly with respect to students that are surrounding some of the major universities in the urban areas that are now very expensive. So it is not an area that we strategically are expecting to pursue. And I think that the growth rates that we are seeing on the properties that we typically target are generally better than the growth rates we see on the student dominated properties.
Michael Schall: That is a great question and I have to admit that I have not seen anything nor pursued, any of these latest discussions. Once upon a time we had a lobbyist in Sacramento that was keeping us up-to-date so I don’t have anything new to report there Dave honestly. So I’ll look into it and start commenting on that again in the future.
Michael Schall: I was in Portland recently and we discussed it among the senior group here. We in the past were more on the periphery of Portland and in Beaverton, Hillsboro etc. And we found that the impact of for-sale housing was just too great and our original thesis surrounding Portland was that it was protected by an urban growth boundary that would be respected by the politicians and when that failed when essentially they expanded the urban growth boundary, built several thousand more homes, it changed our supply demand balance materially and we exited Portland.  So our discussion recently is surrounded of more focused strategy on the downtown area in looking at rents and the opportunities there I think that we get the similar type of exposure in Seattle and so will probably not likely to move there at this point in time, but I knowledge that it has been certainly in the downtown, certainly urbanization is having an effect there and we think it is a high quality market and improving.
Michael Schall: The Axio data on Seattle had a big spike in permitting activity that concerns us but not to the extent that we would tell out of the wells also very robust demand in Seattle. In California, I think 2016 is going to be a continuation of the same forces that we have had before which is tech continues to do well tech and life science that drives the job growth at somewhere in the two and half plus or minus range and you have – we just don’t produce enough housing to take care of that demand and as a result of that I think we have another very good 2016 at this point in time. We also track as you know rent to median income levels and it’s interesting LA or all of Southern California continues to be below the long-term historical average for rent to median income. Seattle and San Jose are pretty much right at the long-term historical average and San Francisco and Oakland are a bit above , about 8% or above long-term historical average. So we don’t see an indication that affordability is an enormous issue here, but we recognize for example that the adults living with parents and that type of phenomena probably doesn’t unwind all that quickly given the how high rents are in these marketplaces. So we still feel very bullish about coastal California and I would say that Seattle is more of more uncertain about Seattle but still positive but we are more uncertain about Seattle.
Michael Schall: Yes, we did jump ahead of it a little bit and we do have a transaction pipeline and we’re trying to match fund that and we did get ahead of that a little bit and we understand that produces some dilution in Q1. We thought it was still the appropriate trade-off and so we expect again to given our debt rates and where the stock is trading to be pretty aggressive this year on the acquisition area. And we think cost to capital and ability to add NAV and cash flow per share is really great. So, we hope the transaction markets cooperate with us. Again we do have a pipeline now. And now I am going to tell you how large it is but we hope to add to that and so we are stepping a little bit ahead of the transaction closings with respect to the ATM and capital rates.
Michael Schall: Thank you, operator. In closing we appreciate and we thank you for your participation on the call. We are obviously very pleased with our results last year and look forward to another good year 2015#. We look forward to seeing many of you at City Conference in about a month. Thanks for joining us . Good day.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. A combination of two things, Nick, we had some environmental issues that we had during the course of the excavation. We believe we have recovery from Atlantic Richfield and a couple of others, but we’re not putting that in the number we are assuming, we don’t, that constituted about 2.5 million of the total. And then, there were some structural issues related to the build out on design of the units. We made some changes, and there are other issues that came up, and we went to the high end number. I think it’s going to be little less than what we have reported, the increase, but we wanted to put everything on the table, worst-case.
John Eudy: Sure. Yes, go ahead. It’s hard and this is John Eudy. It’s hard to define exactly on the land price increase but the ask is much higher than last year, I’d say by probably 10% to 15%. Those that are actually transacting at that level I can’t directly speak to, I can say that in our shadow pipeline it’s about a $1.3 billion fixed deals and they are all conceptualized on an average about four years ago that are set to close in part this year and next year. We have a very difficult time paying the freight on land prices that are being quoted today. So I don’t know if that answers your question.
John Eudy: Yes, the IRRs, I think unlevered IRR’s on acquisitions, I think expectation is in the 7.5 range for acquisition, so you need significant amount of growth to get there, and on the development I think we are on the 8.
