Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I will start with a review of our second quarter results, followed by the full-year guidance revision and conclude with an update on the balance sheet. In the second quarter, core FFO grew 8.4% and exceeded the midpoint of guidance by $0.10, of which $0.03 is related to timing of expenses and expected to occur in the second half of the year. The remaining $0.07 outperformance were driven by the following. $0.02 from revenue exceeding expectation, $0.02 from operating expense savings and $0.03 from lower property taxes as we received final bills from several legacy BRE properties, which primarily relates to prior year period. Therefore this is a non-same store item. As a result of the second quarter performance, we have tightened the range of our same property revenue growth, thereby raising the midpoint to 3.6%. Year-to-date, we have raised this midpoint by a total of 35 basis points, compared to our original guidance of 3.25%. Moving on to expenses, we are pleased to be able to decrease the midpoint of our same property expense growth guidance by 30 basis points to 2.7%. This reduction is due to a combination of property tax refund and savings realized from various initiatives implemented in operation, as described earlier by John Burkart. The resulting impact to same-property NOI growth is a 30 basis points increase to 4% at the midpoint. And year-to-date, the midpoint of our same property NOI growth has been increased by a total of 62 basis points, as our original guidance was 3.38%. On to FFO guidance, we’ve raised our full-year core FFO per share by $0.07 to $11.83 at the midpoint, which reflects a 7.2 year-over-year increase. We continue to drive our operating results to bottom line as our core FFO per share growth is 315 basis points above the same property NOI growth rate at the midpoint. As for the third quarter, we are projecting core FFO per share of $2.93 at the midpoint. The $0.04 sequential decline is primarily due to the one-time property tax benefit mentioned earlier. Lastly on the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, our net debt-to-EBITDA improved to 5.6 times from 5.7 times since the last quarter. This is consistent with our expectations for this ratio to decrease from growth and EBITDA. The continued downward trend in this metric over the past several years has enabled us to reduce the low end of our target range from 6 times, down to 5.5 times. During the second quarter, we issued $81 million of common stock through our ATM program, which substantially meets our equity needs to match fund our investment activities. Since much of our acquisitions and the dispositions will involve the co-investment program. The net effect is de minimus on our funding plan as it relates future equity issuance. We remain disciplined and well positioned to be opportunistic relative to our cost of capital in order to optimize opportunity in the marketplace. With full availability on our $1 billion line of credit, a variety of capital forces and zero debt maturities for the remainder of the year balance sheet remains flexible and strong. That concludes my comment and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: I would point you to as far as the region-by-region basis. I would point you to our region I would point you to our F-16 that has outline for – our expectation is for the year specifically. And before the year, for the portfolio total, the second half of the year, our range would imply the low end. Second half at about 2% and on the high end, we achieved the high end, its closer to say 4% to get us to the average of the 3.6% average.
Angela Kleiman: Let's see. Marketable securities that is primarily our insurance captive activities, and so there is not a meaningful change investment activities there. And so we don’t have any meaningful ownership of any of our peers.
John Burkart: Sure. This is John. So new in SoCal was about 3.1%, renewals were about 4.6%, in NorCal new was about 1.8% in the second quarter and renewals were about 2.7%, and then in Seattle new was about 8.7% and renewals were about 5.9%, so overall for the portfolio new coming in about 3.6% and renewals at about 4.1%. And to be clear, the way we're looking at that that is versus comparable term, so roughly 12-month lease compared to a 12-month lease because as soon as you start changing the terms because of revenue management pricing it'll change the – move the numbers around a little.
John Burkart: I’m going to add just a couple of comments, as Mike said. For jobs overall, our April and May, really reflected the nation as far as a level of weakness and then June it came back stronger, so just like the U.S., so it’s a little bit of a mixed messages there. Then just a little bit more commentary on the marketplace. In NorCal, I referenced earlier the – what we're seeing in L.A. with the concessions and now some of the stabilized assets giving concessions because of the eight weeks free or two months free at the lease-ups. That is The one difference is in NorCal and Seattle the markets are more seasonal towards the second half of the year they just seasonally drop pretty significantly. Whereas in Southern Cal, that tends to not happen it comes down a little bit but not very much. So how this thing plays out? I suspect it plays out a little bit stronger than NorCal did last year.
John Burkart: Yes. So you're saying blended new lease rates, we do expect that our rates right now are above the year ago and we expect that to continue. Last year we had quite a falloff in the second half. Our expectations are more this year to be more consistent with the normal year and so that will ultimately create a greater spread. So at the end of the year, if you look at year-over-year lease rates, the December over prior year's December, that would mean closer to 4% year-over-year rate that we would end on is what we're looking at. 
John Burkart: Yes I would just add, I remember these calls years ago when people would ask us about Boeing and you look at the changes that have gone on in Seattle really fundamental changes and they continue to this day, yet Seattle still has a rent to median income of 25% compared to many of our markets in the mid 20's and so there's still room to go. So it's a market that's under change, undergoing change, very positive change, and I think it still has legs.
John Burkart: Sure. I mean over the whole portfolio, our occupancy dipped a little bit in June and if we go back to [indiscernible], as I was saying, we had a really strong January through May and we were not going to miss the market. So we pushed pretty hard on rent. And I think we found basically the top, but that's why I went into a little bit more depth in the comment to say that in July we then turned around and gained occupancy by just making a few adjustments with rent. So I don't see there's a market problem, but it really was across the whole market with most pronounced really in Seattle. And part of Seattle relates to turn and as I mentioned and part of it relates to us really hitting the peak of the market as well as Orange County and LA.
John Burkart: No and we - I think it was a surprise people I think people tend to think that that our portfolio is going to be full of millenniums or something that age and we really have the diverse group of people across our portfolio. Some people tend to be renters for the long-term and they're phenomenal people and others kind of come and go and that’s more or less the millennial group.
John Burkart: Sure. So as we go to SoCal our last release for June was 2.3%, in NorCal 2.8%, in Seattle 7.2% and then as I said in the opening that that brings the average to 3.4%.
John Burkart: No, not at all. Again is Mike said that the single families as it related to the institutional ownership, those are really outside our market. They may have literally one house in our Bay Area market type thing in positive. They just don't have penetration in our market there outside and they're going to be Fairfield, there are other market that are considered to be area, but when you map it out, it's not reflective of our locations in our tenant base.
John Burkart: We don't even separate out the assets like that anymore. I would say across the board in our portfolio, it's like all of us in this room here, every year we get a year older. And so we're on a pretty steady path right now, so if you look at renovation and say if we renovate 5% of our unit that would imply a 20-year life for the, say, kitchen and bath. That’s kind of where we tend to be at and I think that will continue that way and the BRE portfolio is largely getting rolled in or it has been rolled in as it relates to most of those things. But what I mentioned of the call also earlier was we are now taking a little bit more advantage of some of the strategic location and finding some opportunities on expenses in other areas there that are out or opportunities at this point in time.
Michael Schall: Hey Juan, it’s Mike. Going to try and attack that question and maybe John will want to add on to that. We see supply continuing in L.A. actually increasing a little bit in 2018 relative to 2017. Orange County however seems to drop off pretty significantly in 2018 relative to 2017, but we’ll remain pretty consistent for the rest of the year. And we have actually a pretty large increase expected in San Diego for 2018 over 2017, so that's how that plays out and that compares to reductions, pretty big reductions in Northern California in 2018 around 40% and around 10% in the Seattle marketplace. So that is one factor. And then as you noted the other factor is what's going on with jobs and so we brought those numbers down pretty substantially from last quarter to this quarter in terms of the Southern California job growth, but do a couple of months make the year or the quarter really fundamentally change? I’m not sure we can answer that question. We try to highlight some of the factors that are influencing or we think reducing job growth which includes this issue of the shortage of skilled workers and overall low unemployment rate, so the availability of workers is not there and I think that's probably the key factor that is limiting job growth. The answer to that would probably be that wages go up and people in other parts of the country relocate to the West Coast and take those open jobs. I'm not sure how we track that, but I think that is the key and those forces which will put pressure on wages and hopefully push them up and make it more attractive to make a move from the East Coast or the Midwest to the West Coast. We think that's ultimately the answer.
Michael Schall: This is Mike, I’ll take that one again Nick. We're seeing more competition generally speaking and at the same time I think that we're seeing somewhat of a lower deal flow. So we're seeing both of those occurring and that's pretty consistent with what we see on the development side and John Eudy’s here may want to add to this, but overall we think fewer development deals are penciling primarily because costs are growing faster construction costs are growing faster of that NOI which is pretty pressure on development deals and so I think generally speaking the number of deals that make sense and that pencil are fewer than they were a year-ago let's say and so that obviously cuts into be preferred equity and debt program as well.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s Mike again. There are 100 plus bills that are in the state legislature right now and many of them deal with housing and actually I was going note that there's a really good summary of a lot of the activity in the L.A. Times article dated June 1st of this year. I guess the big question is what if anything hits the ballot in 2018 there have been discussions about Costa-Hawkins which is state wide rank control measure that basically limits the extent to which local governments can enact rent control that is the big discussion here. But there's a lot of activity out there I don't think at this point in time and the reason why I didn't include it in my script. I don't think at this point time we can conclude much from all the activity give you some of the maybe the areas that some of these bills are dealing with certainly affordable housing production is one of the key areas. One for example allowing smaller units, slows the small 150 units - 150 square feet per unit more housing of all types a bill for example that will expand the area around a BART station that can be developed of housing from half mile radius to a mile radius. Raising money for housing of all different types from bonds and other types of things transaction fees on real estate, eliminating the mortgage interest reduction on second homes and doubling the tax credit for low and mid income renters. So there's lots of activity. That's at the state level, the local level there is activity as well. So there's a lot of things happening in California and a lot of discussion, but it's probably not the right time to conclude anything from all of this.
Michael Schall: Yes, it's my this is definitely on our radar and we have somewhere around 8,000 or 9,000 apartments that can be converted into condominiums some require some additional work in order to perfect that that process. Virtually everything we build we have some kind of condo map happens in some stage. And so including a couple of the deals that we have recently started or can start in the near future and so I know John Eudy is spend a fair amount of time looking at that. But just to remind you what our overall metric is there. We need to see a substantial premium of condo values or the value of our property as a condo considering all the costs involved relative to its value as an apartment building. And so obviously apartment values have done really well over the last several years and so we are starting to see some of those premiums for sale housing relative to apartments. But I think we have a ways to go. It certainly helps for example in San Francisco, we had 9.2% increase in the median home price and we didn't see anywhere near 9.2% rent growth in the last year. Therefore that is starting to build this premium, but I’d say the general statement is not quite there. But we're definitely monitoring it, focusing on it.
Michael Schall: Yes. Austin, it’s Mike. Thanks for the call. Yes, we lowered our portfolio NAV as noted by about 10 basis points and really that was the culmination of looking at all the transactions that we've done over the last let's say six months or so and realizing that we basically outperformed what we expected per NAV model. And so we lowered it. I think that was probably done back in June – May, June timeframe, something like that. So it was just simply outperforming what our NAV model said, and so we need to tighten it. In terms of the things the properties that are most attractive in the types of bidders, generally the REITs are not in the market. Obviously, you saw the Monogram take private transaction and a name co-JV buyout and that type of thing, but for the most part, we're not seeing a big rebid, but we are seeing many institutions that like apartments and want to invest in apartments, and so I’d say the institutional side has been very, very strong. And they are most focused on one or two things, very well located and high quality properties, generally within – not necessarily just CBD, but I’ll say that top areas high quality properties and then the value-add component with a partner that can execute that. So those two specific types of things are seeing multiple bidders. They're seeing few rounds of best in finals and that type of thing that are normally go along with those and prices that are generally once again exceeding our expectation, hence my comment in my prepared remarks that we are off on our bid.
Michael Schall: Hi, this is Mike. I think that within the Northern California region, we still like San Jose a lot and it has we think some of the better parts – the rent-to-income ratio makes more sense. And it seems like if the area that’s receiving the most activity. It's also the jobs and locating apartments near the jobs it seems like that is a logical place to be. So we're certainly interested there, but I would say that we would consider properties in other parts of that Bay Area, part of this is a function of cap rate and a function of what it is and what kind of value we can add. So I'd say we're not going to rule out different parts of the Bay Area, but San Jose would be one of the areas that we would like a lot.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. Honestly we don't know exactly what it is. I mean the enemy here is six weeks to two months free of land which draws people out of the stabilized community and softens pricing power throughout the portfolio wherever it occurs. And so I think the essence of what you're asking is where are we going to see six weeks to two months of concessions within the markets up and down from Seattle to San Diego because that will be the place the pricing is impacted to the greatest extent. Because typically in California, we offer a lease break fee given the way the laws work out here. That’s equal to one-month free, so if you get two months free basically lease-up is going to pay the lease break free and they're going to pocket, the residence going to pocket at the other month. And so that's a lot of incentive really to move out of the building. So I guess anecdotally when we say some of the supplies being pushed out what we mean is when we start seeing that six to eight weeks that means that there's two or three or more lease-ups competing directly against one another in a local marketplace and that is causing the pricing disruption within that location. Generally that will always clear the market at some point in time and when that clears we will start seeing much greater pricing power. And again, it’s exactly what happened in Northern California and we suspect it will happen in other parts. But there isn't like we go out and count every quarter the number of lease-ups that are coming into the market because candidly we can't because you can't see within a building contains 200 units we can go within that 200 units and figure out exactly how many units are going to come to market they’re going to be completed. So you have to use the anecdotal process of what or lease concessions in the market and how is that affecting price within the local market. So that is the way we do it we look to overall supply and demand for a pretty good indication of where we think the biggest risks of that are and you know anywhere that has very significant supplies. So Seattle we're concerned about Downtown L.A. concerned about supply goes up a little bit projected in Downtown L.A. Downtown San Diego supply goes up, but pretty much everywhere else supply is expected to go down. And actually let me correct Seattle, Seattle actually is expected to go down in 2018 by a little bit, but still remain it a pretty high level.
Michael Schall: Yes, San Francisco is interesting, we have San Francisco at five weeks free right now, but that's down from six weeks free recently. So again back to my anecdotal evidence we say that - it's concerning but it's bouncing along at that acceptable range generally at you know four to five weeks for a not enough incentive to drop people out of these pay for example into San Francisco. You get up to eight weeks free guess what people that are living in [indiscernible] are going to now live in San Francisco. And so the other point I guess I'd make as a relates to the Bay Area in general is that there were 25 active lease-up in the Bay Area and some of them in San Francisco and 10 of those 25 are in the at the final lease-up phase. So and that involves a couple thousand units and when they're gone I think it will continue to be tighter. So again we see the projection for the Bay Area to become a tighter market with left at lease-up philosophy which should help us with price.
Michael Schall: Well, San Francisco is again to mention the unemployment rate which 2.6% a pretty good indicator that demand is very strong there and that’s - I don't think that's the issue I think on the pricing issue I think plenty of people want to live in San Francisco the reason why they don't is because of price that is just been true of San Francisco for a long period of time. So yes, I mean it's kind of again let's take Manhattan as the ultimate example. If Manhattan prices go down, you're going to have a flood of people that move into Manhattan. Well, San Francisco is the same way out here. So demand is generally not the problem. It's a matter of price, and that's why I focus on the concession that's been the critical key element of this.
Michael Schall: We target 20%, but that can ebb and flow again, cap rates and deal flow, and opportunity becomes part of that equation. We’re not developing in Seattle right now, because we don't want to be the one that is half completed when the cycle ends. And so again we like Seattle, we're believer and more optimistic about it, today than we were a year-ago, but an area to be cautioned everywhere.
Michael Schall: Alex, it’s Mike. It’s a good question. And obviously, we don't have a perfect answer to this one. We entered Downtown L.A. in the late 90s and we had a kind of two scenarios; one was it continues to be the place that everyone leaves at six o'clock at night, no one's there for dinner or no one lives there. And the other one was that changes to be more like a 24-hour city. And I think that we now know where that's going. And I think the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 helped it where California is trying to get people out of the suburban sprawl type of program and into high density residential in urban areas. And if there is a shining example of that occurring is probably Downtown Los Angeles. The amount of transit dollars that are going into that area and the amount of just development in general is really I think transforming Downtown LA. And I think that our thought is that it will be choppy over a period of time, but remember there is a constraint – financial constraint on new development and so if rents disconnect too much from construction costs and construction costs, there's no evidence are going up at a different rate in L.A. than they are in Northern California maybe it's a little bit of an advantage down there, but I think the rate is still the same. And therefore, there's an economic reason why you can't have unfettered development forever in Downtown LA. So to sum this up, I would say we’re believer in Downtown LA. We're not going to all in. However, we think it's a market that can take some period of time to get to what it's ultimately going to be. Remember all the jobs are already there. It has a huge downtown. So what we're really saying is at what point in time will people choose Downtown L.A. over a commute from, let's say, Pasadena, Glendale, Burbank, Westside L.A., et cetera.  The other phenomenon in what really drive California, again emanating from Global Warming Solutions Act is the investment in cars and highways is very small relative to the demand. So I say traffic getting worse. I think that that puts pressure on these commutes that gets people out of their cars and again, I think Downtown L.A. is a winner in that scenario.
Michael Schall: Hi Wes, it’s Mike. Well, I have a chart somewhere that has the breakdown. But I think that we still see more supply in the Downtown. And obviously, our portfolio is largely on the East side and so we think we have a little bit of protection relative to that. Does anyone have that other chart? Because I don’t have the exact breakdown of the supply in Seattle. Yes, so it looks like next year's – the breakdown this year versus next year there is a slight increase in supply in the Downtown that's roughly let say 4,500 units. The East side very similar to this year at somewhere around 2,700 units and to the North and the South, about 1,500 units. So Downtown gets a little bit more and east side and the north and south get a little bit last and overall supply is down a little bit in Seattle.
Michael Schall: Well, that's why I say that it's using Essex definition because I think our definition is a little bit different than the way the market looks at it and let me just summarize because I can't translate it immediately in my head. Our definition of a cap rate is using market rents today in the marketplace today with a market management fee or management cost and marking property taxes to market and assuming a 95% occupancy - financial occupancy rate.
Michael Schall: Sure. So if we go back a year-ago, its probably the easiest. If you go back to June 16, it was 9.5% and then if we go to December 16, this is the wild ride so December 16 it goes do it gain to lease of 1.6. So a very big reversal the market is very seasonal and then we come back to May 17 it was 7.4% and now in June 17 as I said it’s 7.2%. So Seattle has a huge level of seasonality in the market it’s our most seasonal market in the Bay Area loss and then SoCal much less.
Michael Schall: Yes, actually – this is Mike. We do, but indirectly. We do supply and demand as a – look at all housing. So if someone goes from – if someone moves out of their house and rents it out, we track that per se because what we try to – look at the entire housing stock. What’s the net change in the housing stock? What’s that net change in demand represented by job growth and maybe now demographic factors? And how do those two relate to the markets, and so market becoming – is there an excess of demand over supply or not as to the market. In terms of what people actually choose to do, it's a function of again price point affordability et cetera. But again we try to look at supplying demand very much for the whole organization. Actually one of the interesting – I’m going to segue to something else interesting numbers is someone may ask or be concerned about the level of multifamily permits, which remain pretty high in our markets. And so we looked at that recently and we would agree that if you look at trailing 12-month multifamily permit, say they hung in there pretty well. However, if you look at total permits, so part of this is that the single family permitting is way down and therefore if you look at total permits for housing, it's either near or well below all of our markets, near are well below the long-term average and again the long-term after is not a huge number. So the fact that permitting is somewhere near the long-term average and we continue to do a little bit better on the job growth side, should mean that we will continue to have a little bit of a wind to our back as a release of supply and demand. By the way, there are very few single family rentals in the City of Palo Alto, because their cap rate would be like 3% or something like that. So the single family rentals tend to be on the periphery of the Bay Area and where you know the cost for housing is much lower and so that's why we love this place.
Michael Schall: It’s Mike. I think it's happening. This has been an ebb and flow and interesting ebb and flow. When San Francisco has six to eight weeks of concessions, again people start flowing from the East Bay into San Francisco. And then when those concessions abate, it actually goes the other way because people are very price sensitive and let's face it, somewhere between 12% and 16% of annual rents, it's a big incentive. And I think that’s the key to what we're trying to communicate. And so that flow will I think directly relate to the amount of concessions and the overall relationship between Oakland rents and San Francisco rents. So Oakland underperformed last year. It’s doing a little bit better this year. And I would expect that back and forth activity to continue depending upon the concessionary environment.
Michael Schall: But that's what I think is happening. Yes, I think people now can afford San Francisco and so they are staying in the East Bay.
Michael Schall: Yes. Thank you, operator. Hey, we really greatly appreciate your participation on the call. And we hope to see many of you at the BofA Merrill Lynch conference next month. Have a good day. Thank you.
