John Burkart: Thank you, Mike. We had a good quarter delivering total same-store revenue growth of 7.3% and NOI growth of 8.8%. Our renovation team got off to a great start in 2016. We increased the number of units renovated in the same-store portfolio 229% from 247 units in the first quarter of 2015 to 813 in the first quarter of 2016. The increased unit turns negatively impacted our vacancy rate by about five basis points for the quarter in the same-store portfolio compared to the prior year. Now I will share some highlights for each region. Strong demand in the Seattle market fueled by employment growth of 3.3% in March, which was above our expectations, enabled the market to absorb the new supply and continue to grow revenue. Our Seattle portfolio grew revenues 7% in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the first quarter of 2015. We made a strategic decision due to the market strength in the first quarter to emphasize achieved rental rate over occupancy and we will continue to do so as we enter the spring leasing season. That decision is paying off well with better-than-expected performance and it will position us well going forward. The submarkets performed similar to last year with CBD growing rental revenue about 4% in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the comparable quarter and the East, North Seaside, North and South submarkets are all growing between 7.5% and 9% for the first quarter of 2016 compared to the comparable quarter. In the Bay Area, as I mentioned previously, our expectations for the first quarter was that the market would be choppy and then it will be followed by the normal seasonal pattern. However, the market is currently softer than expected. Our same-store achieved rent in March 2016 was about 6% over achieved rent in March 2015 and the achieved rent in April of 2015 are roughly 4% over the comparable month, due to the difficult comps. The BLS survey continues to show strong employment growth in the Bay Area. Industry survey reported March 2016 employment growth rate of 4%, 2.4% and 3.8% for San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose MDs, respectively, which are above our expectations. The household survey reported unemployment declined at average of 50 basis points in each MD year-over-year, which is consistent with strong job growth. Both reports indicates strong employment market, which should be able to absorb the total supply of multifamily and single family units and continue to grow rent. It appears that in addition to the lumpiness of the multifamily supply deliveries during the low demand period, other factors are currently impacting the demand in the Bay Area market such as doubling up increase in renters to the single-family homes, which enables more roommates to share the rent, onetime impact of the crackdown of student Visa program which has reduced demand for outside the country and an increase in the flexible work arrangements enabling employees to telecommute from outside the normal commute zone. We have noted a slight change in the geographic location of the open positions listed by the major tech companies with a sight increase in total open positions between Washington and California. However, California open positions have declined slightly while the Washington open positions have increased slightly. This shift maybe the product of a tight labor market and housing market that we have in the Bay Area. Southern California region continues to perform driven by strong job growth exceeding our expectations. As expected, the momentum we saw in 2015 continued into 2016, enabling us to achieve a revenue growth of 6.1% in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the comparable quarter. In the LA MSA, LA CBD, which is impacted by popular supply, grew rental revenue 4.9% in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the first quarter of 2015. And the Woodland Hills submarket, which had the greatest positive impact from Porter Ranch Relocation performed at the top of the MSA with an increase in rental revenue of 8.6% for first quarter of 2016 compared to the comparable quarter. We estimate that the increased demand for short-term rentals related to the Porter Ranch leases increased the year-over-year growth rate for the LA MSA portfolio by about 30 basis points during the first quarter of 2016. Currently our portfolio occupancy is at 95.8% and our availability 30 days out is at 5.4%. Considering the underperformance in the Northern California portfolio, we are cautiously optimistic about the spring leasing season. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Angela Kleiman.
John Burkart: This is John speaking. That was for Northern California. So effectively, what happened is rents between March and April were basically flat on a year-over-year comparison because last year normally seasonally rents move up in April. That means that our comparison went from 6% to 4%. And so that flatness is what I was commenting on which is unique in the context of the season. So it's a short window, but that's what we are at right now.
John Burkart: Yes. This is John. It's hard to tell, right. We right now are expecting that the NorCal will follow seasonal patterns. As Mike laid out, there is a lot of strength if you look at the jobs versus the supply. But honestly it's not necessarily working out that way. So yes, there is a year that it happens. This year is Southern Cal is stronger than expected and is doing very well. It might happen somewhere down the line this year or into 2017.
John Burkart: Let me answer a little bit broad here, Alex. First off,, with the supply coming in and they are trying to get the units absorbed, they are naturally offering concessions and those have been increased and they are in at the start of the process as it relates to some of the concessionary activity and then of course others with the consumer, the empowered consumer and with the information age you have some concession jumpers. And so people are moving around and that causes some pressure then on the next level of the apartment. As it relates to the doubling up, it's really happening at varies levels within apartment zone and you have people that are doubling up into twos, people are doubling up into one, just various things going on and it's all incremental, right. But that incremental takes the hair off the demand that's out there and again ultimately reduce this demand. And so you see it all over. The feedback that we get anecdotally is that the single-family market is very, very high occupancy right now and that again would have taken up some of the demand. And it makes sense if you think about it, the larger unit in effect and you can put a couple of or two, three, four people in income earners and have a nice space. So I think people are finding ways to deal with the higher rent and some of those again means doubling up.
John Burkart: Well, this John Burkart. I don't think we spoke about traffic earlier, but as it relates to traffic, it's actually up year-over-year really across the whole portfolio. But traffic is a challenging number sometimes. It can be driven, of course by better marketing and a variety of other items. But it is up. It's very strong.
Michael Schall: Sure. This is Mike Schall. We are looking at several deals. So somewhere between around five deals going forward. Previously, we have established an overall cap on what we would consider at 5% enterprise value. I think at the end of last quarter we were somewhere around 140 million funded on the preferred equity investments. And so we have quite a ways to go. I don't think we will get anywhere close to the cap.
Michael Schall: Again it's Mike Schall. And John Eudy is here and he may have a comment on this as well. It seems like all the forces are working against that. Number one, the entitlement process is just very challenging. If anything, there are some cities like San Francisco that would like to bump up the number of units that are dedicated to below market rate units. And construction costs are going up at double-digit rate. So it would be difficult to see, especially with rents moderating, a lot of momentum toward more apartment development going forward, at this point in time.
Michael Schall: I have that number. This is Mike Schall. Northern California loss to lease, so the difference between scheduled and market rent is 4.8%. A year ago, it was 8.1%.
Michael Schall: Hi. It's Mike Schall. I think John Burkart's comments cover that to some extent. It was that slowdown, from month-to-month actually through the first quarter and into April that was concerning and there was a couple of other pieces too. One is that our evaluation of apartment supply indicates further lumpiness in Q2 and Q3. So roughly in the San Francisco MSA, 3,600 units get delivered in Q2 and 2,700 in Q3. So roughly 70% of the expected annual deliveries will happen in Q2 or Q3. So we are concerned about that and the significance since we renew or turn around 50% of the leases in these next several months, that has a pretty significant impact on the overall result. So I guess perhaps we are being overly cautious but those were the factors that led us to do that. And actually, let me add one more factor and that is overall supply and demand, as you look at the numbers, appears to be disconnecting in some way. As an example or to go through the numbers, the Bay Area is expected to produce about 93,000 jobs in 2016. That would ordinarily add a 2:1 looking at all housing, not just apartments, would give you 46,000 units of demand against about 20,000 apartments and homes being delivered into the marketplace. So about a 2.1 relationship. So there should be sufficient demand to absorb the supply if it comes onboard yet what we are seen in the marketplace is that there is more concessions and the supply is not being absorbed as easily as we otherwise would expect. So that supply demand disconnect is of concern to us. It could be indicative of perhaps employment is slowing, but it hasn't really hit the numbers yet. And the last many years that I have been here, it seems that sometimes we see changes in the marketplace before they actually get reported in the numbers. So those would be the little bit of background on why we decided not to change guidance.
Michael Schall: Yes. Overall the submarket were fairly consistent. However, if we are really breaking it down, clearly the Woodland Hills area got some benefits from Porter Ranch. And so that moved it up. It doesn't really move the needle so much as it relates to Essex. But that enabled that submarket to move up a little bit. You might see it some of the AXIO numbers. And then of course the downtown area is a little bit on the low side, again we have supply going in, in that market, but still doing strong. Overall SoCal, as a big picture, is doing well as is LA County. Really, it is interesting. There wasn't a lot of changes. And if you look at the Bay Area, it's a little different. In the Bay Area, you clearly have San Francisco is underperforming and then you have other market, other submarkets in the Bay Area doing stronger. SoCal was much more consistent.
Michael Schall: Yes. This is Mike. And again. John Eudy may want to add to this. Our view is that we are more aggressive on development at the bottom of the cycle and we scale office, we go to the top of the cycle. And so we do not have a significant land inventory or land bank at this point in time. In terms of deal making, I know John is looking at deals that are fully entitled, ready to go, we are not taking any cost risk because again construction cost are moving so rapidly that we are concerned about committing and being naked with respect to when we commit to a deal and when it starts. So we have turned to become more conservative and again that really provides the opportunity within or for the preferred equity transactions where we can come in between somewhere sum around the 60% loan to cost to about 85% loan to cost and earn a 12% return there. We fundamentally like that business and we think it's a great time to do that relative to the opportunity in the marketplace.
Michael Schall: Well, we would love to negotiate an option to buy at the end of that, but we have not really been able to do that. We could do it if we were willing to give up a significant amount of current return. We haven't made that choice at this point in time. So at this point in time, we are happy to earn that fixed return and get repaid and if there are some bumps down the road somewhere, perhaps we are in a position to buy out our partner.
Michael Schall: No. That's exactly what we are seeing. A number of our preferred equity transactions over the last several months have really come together because a construction lender is cutting back their construction loan commitment and becoming more conservative. In one case, the construction lender was at the 65% to 68% loan to cost, they cut it back to about 60% and actually in that deal, we went from essentially, there wasn't a place for us in the transaction, they could finance it themselves to creating this the tranche that we ultimately invest in between the 60th and 85th percentile loan to cost. So we have seen a pretty significant change, not just in one or two lenders but really across the board as construction lenders have become more conservative.
Michael Schall: Yes. Ivy, there are a couple of nuances there. We do not include student housing and we essentially ignore under 100 units and that's part of it. And I was referring to San Francisco directly when I gave out those numbers. So San Francisco, we have again 3,600 units in Q2 and 2,700 units in Q3. San Jose also has pretty significant deliveries in Q2 and Q3 as is Los Angeles. So again, relative to the total, we see Q2 and Q3 is creating potentially more lumpiness similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter and again in March, April.
Michael Schall: Yes. In terms of how we approach it, we try to lump all housing together because we know that people move out of apartments and buy condos or homes and some will actually go the other direction as well. So our basic analysis is to look at all the jobs, try to determine what the total households are and really not distinguish between what's a rental home and what is a for-sale home. Having said that, the other thing that we pay attention to is affordability of rentals versus homeownership and in every one of our markets and Ivy, you know this better than anyone, the cost of these homes is pretty significant. I think the median priced home in San Francisco is over $1 million and so that transition from a renter to homeowner is really important to us and it's obviously very difficult in this marketplace. But in order to avoid this issue of, okay, how many of these demand units are going to go to for-sale versus for rent, we just look at the whole thing.
Michael Schall: Yes, Alex. Just to be clear, those comments, I think I made in connection with Q4 and the point I was trying to make is that it did not appear to be a tech hiring issue. It appeared to be a supply issue, a supply lumpiness issue. I think I commented that around 40% plus of the supply in Northern California hit the fourth quarter during the seasonally weakest time. But again to the point, it appears that Seattle and San Francisco, i.e., both being tech markets are performing very well on the job side and therefore if we look at the supply side, the lumpiness of supply is being a contributing factor or a driver of this disconnect. As we go forward, it's going to be interesting to see because again if you look at the overall numbers going from jobs and job growth to household formation to supply, it would not indicate that we should have weakness in the apartment area and the concessions seem to be going from roughly a month to six to eight weeks that would not be indicated, given the overall supply demand numbers. But yet here we are and so we are trying to make sense out of why that is occurring. We do not have any at this point.
Michael Schall: Yes, Alex. The comment I made was that there were comments in the marketplace from brokers. There was a couple of articles that I read where brokers in the marketplace were suggesting that cap rates were increasing. We have not seen that and the point I was trying to make is, we underwrite a lot of deals and we are always in the market, so we have a very good sense of what's happening in the marketplace. And so we disagree with those brokers. So if that didn't come clear, I apologize.
Michael Schall: Hi Wes, it's Mike and John may have comments on this as well. Again, we are not quite sure. If you look at these overall supply demand ratios up and down the Coast, it would indicate that we would continue to have pricing power. And again we are seeing concessions on the newly delivered product increasing from a month to six to eight weeks. And I think it's lumpiness but we are going to let this next quarter go by and then we will reevaluate guidance and results at that point in time. So essentially we didn't, as a general rule, revising guidance at the end of the first quarter. It's something that is generally not what you want to do because it's only quarter. So we would rather be a little bit cautious and hopefully we blow right through this period and absorb begins and we are back into a very strong pricing power type of mode come at the end of summer. But we will have to wait and see.
Michael Schall: Yes. But keep in mind that an extra month of concession is an 8% reduction in price and when you look at it that way people that otherwise wouldn't move might say, oh gee, at that price I am willing to make a change and move to a brand new apartment unit. And so that's the effect of concessions and it seems to me that concessions are prevalent in the marketplace and they have increased. And again, that's what's causing the softness. Again I believe that the concession can abate much like they did in January and February quickly, but we just don't know exactly how that's going to happen. It's a function of how many units do you have, how aggressive the owners are. Obviously if you deliver new building, you have zero dollars coming in on your vacant unit. So you are highly motivated to rent them. And many of those owners are saying, hey, rather than leaving it vacant, I will try to hit really high absorption numbers and increase my cash flow. Again, they are incented, they have a different financial objective or a different financial view relative to stabilized apartments. But they have a dramatic effect on the stabilized apartment. So that process is going to play out and so we are going to be clearly under a bit more pressure than we have over the last couple of years and we will have to see how that ultimately turns out.
Michael Schall: No. I think everything will happen. People are looking for opportunity, I have been in this business a long time, as you know, Wes and people are smart. They figure out the opportunities in the marketplace and they go after them. Many of the renters just don't have that much furniture and so moving is not that big a deal. And so if you give them another 8% off their rent in the form of a concession, they are all over it. And so it's a very fluid marketplace and what I suspect will happen is we will go through this period of time and we will absorb the unit. We will get back in Q4 in San Francisco where we think roughly 1,300 units will be delivered and we will have much more pricing power. So it will be a temporary dislocation in the market, is what I suspect.
Michael Schall: That's a good question. I don't have that information with me. I think it will be slightly lower in 2017 relative to 2016, but I just don't have enough focus on those numbers at this point in time.
Michael Schall: Again, the dynamics, let me go back to the dynamics. With construction costs increasing, lender issues, et cetera, it seems like we are at the point where going to start seeing slower development deliveries going forward, just as a general rule.
Michael Schall: Yes. Our thoughts have evolved in that area and for background, we have a $250 million share repurchase program out there. Last quarter, we were trying to not use the balance sheet. We were trying to align sales proceeds from properties such as, I think I mention that roughly a third of the Sharon Green sale, we wanted to use for share repurchase. And when the stock price recovered and we were trading at a discount to NAV, we decided to just go ahead and redeploy that with a 1031 exchange. So the evolution of our thought process on that is to go ahead and use the balance sheet because it seems like the dislocations in the stock market. And we had one in the first quarter, those dislocations are relatively temporary in nature and so I don't want to give you exact targets, but of the $250 million program, we have decided to take some balance sheet risk to the extent that the stock trades at a significant discount to NAV. And again, I am not going to share with you our targets and how that works, but practically if it's not 10% to 15% type of discount, it probably doesn't make much of a difference. So we will use some balance sheet and we will look for significant discounts and we will be ready within a relatively short period of time given dislocation in stock price.
Michael Schall: Yes. Tayo, this is Mike Schall. At this point, to the extent that we believe it's temporary in nature and again lumpy supply, I don't think it has a significant impact on how we allocate capital. However, if that changed, if we saw job growth dynamics change for example, I think that would be more fundamental in nature and that would change our thinking about how we want to allocate the portfolio. So again, we have these exceptional job growth numbers that have continued in Q1, San Francisco at 4.1%, Seattle at 3.2% et cetera. That's a trailing three-month number. Those numbers are incredibly powerful when it comes to owning apartments. And so as long as those numbers remain as strong as they are and not to mention the amount of wealth that's being created within the technology area, I think we estimated that 10 top tech companies have produced about $1.8 trillion in wealth and obviously some of that is not of the West Coast, but a lot of it is here. Those dynamics keep us excited about earning properties in Northern California despite the lumpiness with the supply.
Michael Schall: Well, John Burkart and I looking at each other. I hope we can come to the same answer to this one. But clearly the impact of affordability is one that concerns us and generally speaking we think affordability is a constraint not a driver, in some markets it's a driver, but not in our markets. And so anything that affects affordability and John mentioned doubling up, longer commutes, working from home, those types of things would be concerns us and we are back here data junky point, we are trying to find ways to measure them and we have some data on them. And we do have some information about the level of double up, but it's not perfect at this point in time. But clearly, we are trying to become more refined in how we look at this and where we have a disconnect, we are trying to explain it to ourselves so that we can obviously use it proactively to manage the portfolio to do a better job of capital allocation.
Michael Schall: I don't think so, Rich, because I would say the opposite, to the extent that people that were forced out of the marketplace can now stay there longer and turnover rates are going to be reduced. The number of units that's actually coming to market therefore is reduced and therefore you should have better pricing power. So on our portfolio, it's probably a net positive just because we don't have that many units, again, subject to what might happen in these referendums because we don't know what cities they are going to be effecting at this point in time. But based on San Jose and Oakland , for example, we think we have probably a positive effect not a negative effect.
Michael Schall: Because more people, there is going to be fewer units vacating. The turnover goes down with rent control, right. It will go portfolio wide. It will go from 50% to 30% turnover. So you are going to turn only 30% of your unit therefore your units available for leasing to people moving into the area, you are going to have fewer units available to lease to the same number of people and therefore it's going to put more pressure on price as to the units that are turning. So again because we don't have that much rent control product, it probably has a favorable effect on us.
Michael Schall: I think when you raise guidance in the first quarter, you better be really sure about what you are doing, otherwise why do. We just gave you guidance a couple of months ago. So that's kind of the basic premise of the whole thing. Obviously we are going to push to make the year and next quarter as good as it possibly can be and to react appropriately to changing market conditions. But I just don't see a lot of motivation. I am probably one of the ones that prevented the guidance increase of the group here. And that's the basic background. It's really uncertainty and the feeling that raising guidance after a quarter just doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
Michael Schall: Well, we have had other conversation. We have lots of conversations. And most of the pressure was on up not down, yes.
Michael Schall: Yes, there is. However the comment I made on in the fourth quarter on the fourth quarter call about transactions deliver when they deliver. We may schedule them to happen in, I bet a lot of the transactions that hit in the fourth quarter last year were scheduled for delivery in the second and third quarter, but they got delayed to the fourth quarter. My point is they deliver when they deliver. And we don't have, we actually have our people go around and look at buildings and try to see exactly what is being delivered. But having said that, you don't have great certainty with respect to exactly when it's going to be delivered. And it can easily slide a quarter.
Michael Schall: Yes. It's Mike Schall. I think there are several people that are active in that area, different types of specialty finance organization. So we have plenty of competition there and much like acquisitions, we don't win nearly all of the business and part of the reason for that and it goes through your risk mitigation point, is we only want to originate preferred equity on apartments that we would like to own. So it has to meet our locational and other criteria and again, if everything goes great, then it's a good piece of capital for the developer. If things don't go great, we want to position to step in at what would be an attractive price to us. So that's how we think we have the best of both worlds. We have high-yielding vehicle and we also have something that is synergistic with our portfolio if things don't go well.
Michael Schall: I haven't looked at it really that closely, but let's see, I just look at Oakland and San Jose and then again the statewide law, Costa-Hawkins, has a pre-1996 date and so we have obviously more properties that are within the Costa-Hawkins realm that's pre-1996. But with respect to the cities that already have rent control ordinances like the ones in Oakland and San Jose, that were pre-existing, the nice thing about them is they can't bump their prior date or effective date or cut-off date, they can't move it to 1995, at least at this point in time, because that was prohibited by Costa-Hawkins as well. So again I think our overall exposure to rent control is actually not that substantial, as I look at the portfolio.
Michael Schall: No. Actually, there is a pretty decent deal flow out there. And we are looking at quite a few properties. As I would say, activity has generally picked up a bit.
Michael Schall: Yes. Again, this is our experience and we underwrite lots of transactions and I can think of a deal in Fremont that we recently underwrote and we got handily beat and on that transaction specifically, that was, I don't actually think that it's closed yet even. So I think it just has been awarded. Again as we look at the transactions out there, we don't see a lot of evidence that cap rates have changed. And again we win some, we loose some, but we underwrite a lot and from our view things have really hung in there, which is what we expect by the way.
Michael Schall: We are not seeing that in sense of anecdotal hearing about that. I mean, obviously people make comments about everything else, but obviously as been said a little bit earlier in the call, we are trying to reconcile the supply demand equation with the reality in parts of Northern California and I don't have the answer to that, what's exactly causing that to not fall in line exactly as we have expected other than some lumpiness in supply and possible doubling up.
Michael Schall: We do definitely track them on an ongoing basis. And yes, there is very significant differences. So Seattle which has much more affordability, obviously, the rent to income is around 19.6%. And so less than 20% in Northern California, those numbers are in the 25% to 27% range. So definitely affordability is much, much different in Seattle and San Francisco and that would drive what John Burkart was talking about with respect to double ups, the more affordability is in the equation, the more doubling up you would expect to happen. So clearly Seattle, if you look at median income levels are high, about $84,000, which is less than San Francisco and San Jose, they are both over $100,000 but nonetheless, when you look at that relationship between average rent, which are about $1,400 in Seattle on average, this is the whole marketplace, there is a high level of affordability in Seattle. There is not in Northern California.
Michael Schall: Thank you very much. Hey, we really appreciate your participation on the call and obviously we are pleased with the results and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT next month to continue the discussion. Have a great day. Thank you.
