Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I'll briefly comment on our first quarter results and increase to the full-year guidance and provide an update on our investment and capital markets activities. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter core FFO per share grew 4.5% to 3.23% exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $0.04 which resulted mostly from one-time revenue items, as John Burkart highlighted earlier. For the full year, we are raising the midpoint of our core FFO guidance by $0.05 per share to 13.08. This is primarily driven by a more favorable capital markets conditions as the pricing of our first quarter bond offering was better than originally contemplated in our guidance. Overall, this revised midpoint equates to a 4% growth in core FFO per share for 2019. Moving on to investment activity, during the quarter we originated two new preferred equity investments which comprised of a $24 million investment fully funded at close, and a $36 million investment funding in July and will not before we funded until the end of September. Year-to-date we had early redemption in two preferred equity investments totaling $27 million. The typical term of these investments is three years, but the timing of our pay-off is often tied to the developers, ability to obtain long-term financing or sale of the projects which can result in lumpy repayment and can be difficult to anticipate. Turning to capital markets activity. During the first quarter, - our cost of capital improved as the tenure dropped by over 50 basis points since last November. We took advantage of these favorable conditions by issuing $500 million of unsecured bonds at an average rate of 4%. The proceeds were used to repay secured debt that has matured through April over this year. For the balance of the year, we plan to repay approximately $400 million of debt, which consist of $110 million maturing this year plus $290 million maturing next year, but can be repaid early with no prepayment penalties. The reason for making early repayments is the cash benefit, although the effective rate on this $290 million debt is 3.8%. The cash rate is 5.5%, which will allow us to generate over $3 million of additional cash savings on an annual basis. We have access to a variety of capital sources, and we'll continue to monitor the capital markets to optimize the refinancing. With over $1 billion in availability on our line of credit, 22% leverage and net debt EBITDA of 5.5 times, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. That concludes my comments and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Hi there, it's Angela here. The cadence given the first quarter performance on same-store, we had originally anticipated that first half was going to be much lower than the second half and now they're going to be about the same. So we're not changing our same-store guidance and, but because of the first quarter revenue though just end up being more comparable.
Angela Kleiman: Well, keep in mind that for our investment activities we balance the cost of capital or the spread. And so it's really gone through driven by that. We haven't issued yet so far, because we had proceeds excess proceeds from the sale of 8th & Hope and our preferred equity investments have been funded by the redemptions and so until we have a need for that capital, we'll take a look at that point in time, what are the best opportunities are, whether it's issuing over the market over the broad market or via joint venture or dispositions and that relate to also on the divestment side what yield that we producing to get the best spread possible.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, on the One South Market transaction, our partner had a life on their fund that was coming to an end. So the timing was driven by that. We normally wouldn't have choose to say market and asset in the fourth quarter in the midst of on the tailwind of Prop 10 Vote. So it's really driven by them.
Angela Kleiman: Yes it was broadly marketed and the we end of purchasing it at, at the growth of $179 million and we ultimately - it makes sense to transact with us on several level because we already own the assets, and it was a certainty of execution as well and the pricing makes sense to us.
Angela Kleiman: It's a good question and you're right, it's a fine line to try to block, but in terms of, let's just make sure that Tom that you understand one - on the NOI, it looks like there is a change the midpoint on our guidance page. But that is really because of the One South Market consolidation. It was off balance sheet and so, rolling that that to consolidated NOI and then as you know, and then we have our partial offsets to that. And so at the end of day, it's not a meaningful change to NOI at this point and nor do we see a meaningful change on a trend line basis. So it's it and as you know, we've always make sure that there is of course a level of conservatism. So we don't miss. Having said that, we certainly are seeing anything so compelling right now that it makes sense to try to get ahead of the numbers and move guidance.
Angela Kleiman: Good question. Generally speaking for on the preferred equity investments, we would like to do more than we have always targeted on the pipeline just because the yield is so compelling and as Mike mentioned earlier and the risk adjusted return also makes a lot of sense. So that’s just a general statement, but as far as what we're expecting we had guided, between $50 million to $100 million and we're not at this point ready to go outside of that guidance and because primarily we do have redemptions to offset that. And so, but to the extent that we can ramp up, we were certainly not to do so. But at the end of day, we still have a very disciplined underwriting process. And so even if there are a lot more opportunities, it doesn't mean that work to us adequately to more deals.
Angela Kleiman: Sure thing. Actually for us is simple. On the lease accounting changes, on the P&L side, there is no impact because we've already been disclosing our bad debt in our contra-revenue. And so the only new disclosures that you will see is really at the balance sheet, we break out operating leases and liabilities and so it’s just a new disclosure item and thus far -- they end up net each other out essentially. And so once again, no impact on FFO either.
Angela Kleiman: Happy to. On Seattle, it's really driven by property taxes and it's because in Q1 of last year, we had a disproportionate amount of refunds. Having said that, this is actually the numbers came out as expected, we had expected that Q1 the sale it was going to trend this way. And so that's another reason why we didn't need to revise our operating expense guidance either.
Angela Kleiman: We have mentioned our yields in the past, it's kind of there Tom. The size range upon stabilization, which usually you know is another at least a year out from initial occupancy so that only hasn't changed, the rents are coming in at plan on our development.
Angela Kleiman: Well, I mean, I think if you want to target. So let me step back, I mean, our program is about $400 million. They tend to have a three-year term. So for modeling purposes, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 is probably reasonable. Having said that, keep in mind that we also guide to every year at the midpoint somewhere else. 75. So there will be an offset and so if you are going to have roll off, you don't want to say a whole 1/3 of them roll off because then you'll have pretty odd numbers.
John Burkart: Well, this is John. That's a great question and the answer is yes. We are seeing other parts of the Bay Area that are a little bit stronger and certainly Seattle is a little bit stronger. So there is an overall balance there, the whole portfolio performed a little bit better in Q1 than it started out to perform in April, but again, there is clearly a little bit more strength in some of the tech markets.
John Burkart: I can answer that. I think that's an important to understand is we really, we send our renewals out like six days in advance. So our Q2 renewals have gone out largely almost all of them at around 4.9%. So very strong, but again, realizing that I also mentioned in the opening that the market little bit weaker at April, so those may get negotiated down a little bit, but they are up from where they were in Q1 was about 4.1 and Q2 that about 4.9 at this point where they were set out.
John Burkart: Yes, absolutely. So that is an aggregate and so we have at about 4.3% for SoCal overall about 5.4% for Nortel at about 4.9% for Seattle.
John Burkart: Yes, that absolutely has the strongest region, rents are up over 6% year-over-year, and haven't seen so seems like we've time that well and then Milo is in Santa Clara and that market has a little more concessionary activity, but it still seems like San Jose and tech markets are doing so well from an employment perspective that we think that those markets are well positioned, both properties well positioned and timing is good.
John Burkart: Sure, I'll answer that. We are looking at several assets in the same-store portfolio currently. But I would say there's other assets that we've started redevelopment programs on that are not in the same-store portfolio. So they're not outlined in our financials, the newer acquisitions or joint venture transaction. So we continue to find opportunity in the portfolio, continue to monitor that. We’re also balancing that watching the regulatory environment and making sure that the program is going to work for all constituents.
John Burkart: Yes, that was fair enough. So we actually achieved 4.1 in Q1 and that number will move around some. But we did achieve 4.1 in Q1 and the new leases in Q1, and again to be clear, this is light kind leases which typically are basically 12 month leases and we provide information this way to be insightful into the marketplace. So the new leases on light kind were about 3.6% year-over-year in Q1.
John Burkart: I would just add that it may turn out to be a lot better for Bellevue as well. We are seeing more and more and getting more indications in the broker channels that there's a lot more interest in the East side, which does make sense. I think they have acknowledged that there have a tremendous supply concentration in downtown Amazon does in the downtown Seattle and they're looking to expand and it seems like the side is the beneficiary part of that.
Michael Schall: I guess I want to take a step back from that and to talk a little bit about the overall discussion, and that because I think it's much more balanced than it was a year ago. And by that I mean, I think that there is more recognition that if you push too hard on the rent control side that will have a pretty dramatic impact on the housing production within California and Governor Newsom has been part of that discussion and part of his campaign was trying to produce 3.5 million new homes between now and 2025, which would be somewhere around 500,000 to 600,000 per year versus about 80,000 per year that we produce for the last 10 years. And so we also noted that he wanted to protect letter. So striking that balance, I think is what the legislature is grappling with and lot of the things that are happening we are focused on that. I think that what we've done is tried to identify the best long-term growth markets for multifamily property. We think in those markets and it seems like other potential places that we might be interested in investing say Oregon or Colorado or Florida or some of the bigger East Coast cities are having some of the same issue. So I don't think this the California thing, I think it's a broad movement and so I think that we are pretty comfortable with our existing geographic focus.
Michael Schall: We underwrite them much like we underwrite our development deals, our direct development deals. And so, in other words, we look at costs and the spread between what acquisition values are and what the development yields are in order to get comfortable with that and what we are trying to do is we're trying to find the best let's say development oriented strategy for the company. And the reason why it focuses us on preferred equity investments is because we don't take that upfront risk between when we are financially committed to a land purchase. Yes, because we step in those transactions at the point that the deal is closing in construction is beginning, so we've eliminated that front end risk element. So we think it's just a better risk reward equation for the company.
Michael Schall: John, this is Mike. And that is the key question. I think affordability is, has been a key constraint over the last couple of years, plus I'd say peaking development pipelines and when development deliveries occur in essentially several properties being delivered at one time you start seeing these concession levels increase which is, -- our ability to push price to this point. So we see those we see those force is changing somewhat over the next couple of years and not to a huge extent but on the margin, and as a result of that, we think that there will be more pricing power go in a few years down the road.
Michael Schall: Yes, Alex. Good question. I would say that we are at the beginning of the process and so it's going to take some time to work through all the different regulations that are out there. Keep in mind that we have concentrations really four cities in California whereas there we operate in about 80 cities. So we're pretty diversified within California as it relates to this rent control issue and there isn't, it isn't like a change in any one municipalities going to have a huge impact on the company. So I think that's important to keep in mind, but there has been increased regulation proposals on the local area, a lot of them had to do with these just cause of evictions and higher cap. So, in the case for example of Glendale capping rents at 7% and again over long periods of time we grow rents at somewhere around 3%, 3% plus or minus, so some of these caps are set at a point it should not have a dramatic impact on our longer-term results. And so, we're cautiously optimistic. We've left the California for responsible housing entity in place so that we can have a coordinated industry response to all these various proposals and, but we're working through and there is, we can speculate about what might happen, but it's so early on that I think it would be may both challenging and in precise to do so. So we're going to avoid, we trying to look into the future, because at the end of the day, we don't know what exactly is going to happen.
Michael Schall: Drew, this is Mike just make a couple of quick comments. First is that they are, we've had a pretty severe winter here. And so they are, from a timing perspective being pushed back somewhat given rain delays and that type of thing, so that's the first comment. The Station Park Green development is about a mile from our corporate office here in San Mateo and it's a very strong sub-market effect I think is that the strongest region. I think John within the portfolio right now.
Michael Schall: We have about -- our estimate is about almost 12,000 units in 2019 and actually increasing a bit in 2022 to almost 13,000 units in downtown LA or LA, which is the downtown is the primary component of that. And it really doesn't slow down until Q4, 2012, so I think we're going to have continued supply deliveries for the next - at least the next year.
Michael Schall: Yes and no. Certainly, if you're talking Downtown LA, where we're competing head on with supply, the high-end is, if we're talking in other parts of the portfolio, it's not necessarily that way. We love the portfolio we have. It's broad in the sense of geography and as well as in the sense of As and Bs. And it performs very well. But there, if you're competing head on with supply again say Downtown Oakland, Downtown San Diego, Downtown LA those areas, the newer assets are finding more challenges with rents for sure.
Michael Schall: No, I mean it wouldn't in those submarkets. Yes, definitely but outside the sub-market. Yes, no it depends, it's really a function of the concentrations of lease-ups and especially those that are offering large concessions that's what really impacts price.
Michael Schall: Yes, Rob. That's another good question. On the direct development side, again the dynamic that we talked about a couple of times over the last year or so where construction costs are growing faster than rents in general are essentially pushing back some of those potential starts. We do have a couple of relatively small direct development deals that we could start, we're trying to find a window that sort of optimizes there, the cost structure on them. And so we've again had a preference for preferred equity investments. As a result of that, we're again, someone else takes those risks and we step in at the last minute before construction begins and earned a very decent yield. So from a variety of perspectives, I'd say direct development is the third most interesting investment opportunity at this point in time, given that that headwind behind preferred equity investments number one and acquisitions either in a joint venture or on balance sheet would be number two. So we're going to continue to be cautious, but we don't have a huge land inventory, as you know. And so we're just going to sit back and wait for their optimal time to start.
Michael Schall: Rob, no we don't know. We don't have an option on any of them and we always try and get an option, but we find that our developer is typically more aggressive in terms of what he thinks of values are, than we are, and therefore it's not worth it to us to negotiate an option. Having said that, we always have the seat at the table when it comes time to refinance or sell these properties and there's been a couple of cases where we have actually bought the properties and-or in one case Stadion is a preferred equity provider after stabilization has occurred . So we like the optionality of the preferred equity investments, because both upfront. In some cases, we've chosen to be a part of the ownership group and at the back side, we have potential for buying the property and we're remaining involved in some way like in a preferred equity type of format. So we try to look at that portfolio as part of our opportunity set.
Michael Schall: Yes, I'm glad to. We do see pretty good amount of opportunity in the other income line item, line items and they include some of the initiatives we have right now, which include renting out amenity space to non-residents. The same thing, renting out parking to non-residents also looking at our parking space with current residents in the light of revenue management you might say, recognizing the different values of the different spaces and charging it accordingly. So we do see many opportunities, we're working on some smart unit pilots right now and a variety of other items. There are some offsets as well certainly have cable cutting and some other line items that are offsetting that. As far as for the magnitude of this, we're pretty focused on it. We think there is a good future there, but we're not at a point where we were putting up enough results to then translate that into numbers. I don't think you'll have a material impact on 2019 and we'll see an update as time goes, but we have quite a few things going in the other income line items.
Michael Schall: Yes, we're looking at the real estate every which way you can to try to drive the most dollars per square foot, we can. So there again we’re not in a position to say this is the, this is the future that we've summed it up, but we are evaluating many, many options and there is some units, there were some parking that's being converted into units at some places, there's all kinds of things that are happening, and we’re evaluating the options across the portfolio. Again, the biggest thing for us though is to be very clear, is we're always focused on good real estate in the right locations, the right markets that's always number one and that is what we have as a great portfolio, but as far as optimizing it, we're working very hard at this point, to optimize our revenue.
Michael Schall: Yes, John, that it's a good question and I know you guys have written extensively on this topic. Again I go back to what I said before, which is we are at the beginning of this process and trying to understand exactly how these things are going to roll out and what they will mean will be something that we will spend a lot of time on to try to understand and to ultimately benefit from it. SB 50 which is greater densities near public transit is something that California has talked about a lot and it makes imminent sense if they can figure out how to work through some of the logistical issues. Notably, for example Huntington Beach has been sued by the State and is counter sued over who has the right to dictate housing policy and I expect that some of that type of activity will continue as we work on our way through this process. So I think unfortunately, it's a little bit too early to tell what the impacts are in the case of Seattle, for example, I think you guys suggested that maybe it be 1% of stock. I think that's probably a bit aggressive, there could be some impact and candidly, there are markets that really need the housing and Seattle would be one of them, given it's incredible job -- San Francisco would be another one for example the different allowing greater office and residential construction is probably a net positive to have additional housing in that area given the amount of office supply that's coming in, and that's why we spend some time talking about the amount of office that is under construction, because if you have, as we said before, if you have somewhere around 5% under construction on the office side and you're producing about 1% on the residential side, it seems like there is an embedded imbalance in favor of demand oversupply embedded in those numbers. So the short answer is, we don't know, but we are engaged and studying it carefully and we will stay abreast of what's happening.
Michael Schall: Hi Tayo, this is Mike. We have actually worked with a number of retail organizations trying to determine whether we can provide the housing and I would say those conversations are though interesting and they've to some extent you've gone pretty far. But we haven't been able to actually strike a deal on those transactions. And so over to we're trying and you're right there. There is a natural I guess synergy between the two of us, if we can figure out how to get the economics right. The challenges, the same challenges that we have elsewhere, which is construction costs are too high and to some extent your retail partner looks at it and it goes well, it really cost that much to build that, but when you get through the numbers. That's what, that's what happens. I'd say it isn't necessarily the will isn't there, I'd say it's more a function of cost and yields and essentially the land valuation when you start looking at a spin-off of a part of a property from a retail company. So it's complicated, but it's possible. Our general view, again is we need cost to settle down a little bit here so that we have more certainty, because development cap rates measured today untrended in the high 4s. I just don't think that's enough of a risk premium to justify direct development. Now if we, if we found transactions that were in the low 5s on trended basis again, yes, that would represent maybe 100 basis points of cap rate over acquisition transaction that would be more interesting, but we have not been able to find those transactions.
Michael Schall: Tayo it's Mike, I'm going to take that question from Angela, if you don't mind. I think that it's been interesting because there are, there is more money in the direct development side as it relates to some of the merchant builders out there and in cases, for example, last year where we didn't hit our guidance range on the preferred equity side. What we found was in some of the sponsor is willing to ride an additional check to put more equity into the transaction to get it moving ahead. So, in our experience there are limits to the amount of equity that the merchant builders can put into transactions to make them work when costs go up faster than rents and it compresses the yield. And but it's hard to tell which transactions are going to move forward and which are not. So I would say there probably are some headwinds there, but keep in mind that our pipeline for preferred equity, we have about $400 million outstanding and we probably are 25% of the capital stack. So that you're talking about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of development. It's just not that big. So I think that we given the size of the West Coast, I think that the opportunity is still pretty substantial.
Michael Schall: It's a good question. We do have a Phase for Station Park Green and we have to John Eudy is not here with me today, I know that the costs are up. I don't know what the magnitude is.
Michael Schall: But I can't tell you again it goes back into that comment I made earlier which is construction costs going to somewhere between, let's say, high single-digits, which is down from low-double digits over the past couple of years versus rent growth, which is in the three plus-minus percent range. So that's how badly, and that's been the problem on the development side.
Michael Schall: Yes, again with let me just talk broadly about our redevelopment program. So right now we're typically doing 2500, 3000 units a year which roughly with 5%, it implies a 20 year life, so that's just taking care of the units. And then on the major renovations, we look through the portfolio and look at opportunities. There are several opportunities we are studying right now that are in the same-store portfolio. It's also common for us as we acquire in assets to see opportunities along those lines. And those are not called out specifically in the supplemental. They're not in the same-store portfolio. So they're not pulled out of it or otherwise identified. So there are some other assets that we have, we are renovating right now that are outside of that realm. I suspect over the next year. Again, we will add a couple more assets into that, into that bucket that are coming from the same store. The current same-store portfolio. But again, we are working through the opportunities we had we are near completion and those will be coming out and we'll probably be adding a few more, but there's others that are going on right now. That just start, they just starting the same-store portfolio, so that called out specifically.
Michael Schall: Well, that's an interesting feedback. That was, I don't think that is our desired goal to be negative on the call at all. We feel pretty good about things, and again, we're off to a good start this year. Yes, I would say, having said that jobs are the locomotive of rent growth. And so if we see any pickup in on the job front, I think it would be it's appropriate that we bring that up. A lot of those seem like it happened in the first quarter again, there was a huge amount of disruption, stock market, government shutdown, et cetera and so I guess our inclination or hope would be to believe that things will get back to normal as seems like the U.S. economy is doing pretty well and things will be in good shape. So we don't know and we're just trying to make sure we do a good job of essentially shown what we know with you.
Michael Schall: I think it's a good thing for Seattle. I mean Amazon –hey, I would say all of these tech companies that have these incredible growth rates, they're going to find ways to grow within the cities that are headquartered in or nearby or else if they can if they can't grow there. So I think all of them have similar perspectives and what are we going to do, how we going to grow, how we're going to pursue our opportunities and they're either going to be successful in working with the local political structure. All they're going to move elsewhere, if that's my view and in this case the political structure elsewhere turned out to be maybe more challenging than the Seattle marketplace and some others. So it led to a different decision.
Michael Schall: It's a good question and I think anything that helps with the affordability issue will continue to spill more production housing and increased demand and all those types of things, because I think when you start pushing affordability start having more double absent and other things that destroy demand. So I think it would help incrementally but I think that again the broader political discussion is one that is continuing to evolve. And I think it's a healthier discussion as id said earlier in my comments that it's a more balanced discussion between the need for housing on the one hand and how to have protections and a pretty high level with respect to the residents and the tradeoffs are being I think appreciated by politicians to a greater extent than they have in the past. It's a good thing.
Michael Schall: It's another good question and it's interesting in the past year, the price of a for-sale home has not really moved a whole heck of a lot. So we've continued on the perfect side to have rents grow which of course gets capped out and home prices really haven't done that much. Having said that a year ago we had incredible, incredibly large increases in for sale prices. So in the past year actually condo conversions became less appealing when you compare the value of the building. As an apartment versus the value of the building as a condo. So no help there.
Michael Schall: Yes, I'll grab that. Clearly Amazon is a major force in downtown Seattle and we don't see that changing. We think they're continual will have continual demand pressure there, but we do see the benefit of some of these movements to Bellevue. We're seeing more than Amazon there's other companies that are expanding out into Bellevue and recognizing the quality opportunity out there. So we think that will benefit our portfolio, which frankly most of our portfolio is outside of downtown, it's on the east side and a little bit north and south. So yes, we do see the benefit of that in the Belvieu area.
Michael Schall: Sure. The numbers are pretty volatile to begin with. And last year, as I mentioned in the Orange County, San Diego and LA had benchmark revisions between 50 and 100 basis points, pretty substantial benchmark revision. So, we all focused on what's going on. It's the only number we have and we look at that, but then we look for other checks and balances and that's in part why we look at office space, we look at absorption, rents and other factors and try to triangulate and make sense of it. Our belief was last year that Orange County was it falling apart and then with benchmark revisions came out. It showed it wasn't falling apart. It actually had solid job growth. We expect the same thing for this year and we don't have any particular reason to change the expectations at this point in time. I think it will kind of come together nicely. We do see some weakness and that's why I pointed out to LA, because we're seeing a little bit of weakness in the rental market. And then that does tie to the jobs market and it kind of becomes a confirming item there, if that makes sense.
Michael Schall: Yes, that absolutely is again our, our position is, again we try to communicate clearly and transparently so, April was a little bit weaker. We don't expect that to be the year, we expect it to be a good year and we are continuing with the strategy we started with and that is to continue to favor rental rates over occupancy, we expect that in 2019, our occupancy will be about 20 basis points below the prior year. And that we are moving forward. As Mike mentioned, it's probably more or less some noise that's going on, but we do want to be transparent in what we see.
Michael Schall: I know they have, they have a maturity date. All of them do. And again, as Angela said, potentially can change, it can be moved up or back dependent upon conditions. we received several that have had early repayments given our refinance and completion of construction and some others where we've carried on with a preferred equity investment at a lower outstanding balance for years following the completion just depends. So we’ve - seat at the table is really the key point as it relates to the yield to maturity of the preferred equity investment but on all of them, there is a maturity date.
Michael Schall: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today, we are looking forward to many of you to seeing many of you at NAREIT. Have a good day. Thank you.
