Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I’ll start with a brief review of our third quarter results, then discuss the full year guidance, and conclude with an update on capital markets and the balance sheet. In the third quarter, core FFO grew 5.7%, exceeding the midpoint of guidance by $0.03 per share. Details of the reconciliation to our original guidance are included on page four of the earnings release. Our favorable third quarter results enabled us to raise our core FFO per share guidance by $0.03 at the point to $12.56 for the full-year. This represents a 5.4% year-over-year growth, which is 90 basis points higher than our original guidance of 4.5%.  Turning to our third quarter investments and funding plan. We closed $104 million acquisitions in the Wesco V joint venture and originated an $18.6 million preferred equity investment, which brings our total structure finance commitments to approximately $385 million. We plan to fund the new investments with two dispositions that are on track to close at the end of the fourth quarter. As for guidance on investment activities for the full year. On acquisitions, we expect to achieve the low end of our range. On our $100 million preferred equity target, we currently have $45 million closed through October and believe that the majority of the remaining balance could close by early 2019 with funding up to six months thereafter. This is consistent with Mike's earlier comments and the headwinds regarding apartment construction starts. On dispositions, we have several properties in various stages of the sale process in anticipation of funding needs for 2019. Depending on the timing of the sale, some properties will transact by yearend. Therefore, we are increasing the high end of our dispositions range from $300 million to $400 million. Use of proceeds may include potential buyout, joint venture partner interest, development funding, stock buyback and debt repayment, depending on market conditions. As we have done in the past, we will seek to redeploy the proceeds into the most attractive investments in order to maximize the total insurance. Consistent with our original guidance this year, we do not start any new development. As it relates to our existing $940 million development pipeline, our share of unfunded obligation is $384 million, most of which will be funded in 2019, which means over 85% of our development pipeline will be completed and in lease-up by next year. Keep in mind that lease-ups are FFO dilutive until we approach stabilization. Consequently, our preliminary forecast anticipates a potential FFO per share impact of up to $0.10 for the next year. Lastly on capital markets and the balance sheet. Our capital needs for 2018 remain de minimis. We look to 2019 as we’re trying to repay approximately $590 million of secured debt, which was assumed from the BRE transaction and has an effective rate of 3.4%, but the cash rate is 5.6% rate. Therefore, this refinancing will be an economic benefit to the Company, but will create an FFO headwind of between $0.05 to $0.10 per share, depending on timing and market conditions, the current rate on our 10-year unsecured bond offering will be in the mid 4% range. However, we have a good amount of flexibility with access to multiple refinancing alternatives. And our balance sheet remains strong at 25% leverage with 5.5 times debt to EBITDA, and virtually full availability on our $1.2 billion loan of credit. That concludes my comments. And I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. On the real estate taxes, I think with California, that piece is pretty straight forward. CRO continues to be more of a wildcard. So, for example, we had expected 2018 CRO capital to come in around, say, between 10 to 13%; it came in at 16%. And so, next year, we’re going through that process right now, still working through it. But, it’s probably going to be consistent and that it’ll be high and it’ll be more than 10%, but probably below, say, 16%, if you will. So, that’s our current thing. We expect utility costs to continue to, one, add around that 4% or 5% range. And I think those were some of the largest non-controllable items.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. That’s all related to our Pop 10 campaign efforts. And so, that is a onetime charge. And it will occur in the fourth quarter.
Angela Kleiman: That’s a very good question. And so, yes, it does include a component. So that $590 million of the debt assumed from the BRE acquisition, 300 is to this year -- I mean I'm sorry in 2019, and 290 is due in 2020, because we can't prepay it without any penalty; that’s the right economic thing to do and that’s why. So, in total, we actually can and are planning to pay about $900 million of debt of which 290 is optional.
Angela Kleiman: No. I think it’s what you’re anticipating. And so, on the expense side, we’re expecting to land for full year at 2.6% and it’s not atypical for us to run high in expenses in the fourth quarter. And so, there’s definitely timing element with that in conjunction with what John Burkart said earlier as it relates to repair and maintenance.
Angela Kleiman: I think you are thinking of it correctly. What you are thinking of it is the same way I’m thinking of it. And so, although, to the team’s common, operating fundamentals are coming in as we expect, there are other sectors impacting FFO. And financing and dilution as it relates to timing of development and lease-up are two important factors. 
Michael Schall: Hey, Juan. It’s Mike. Thanks for joining the call. I appreciate it. It’s going to be difficult for me to reconcile these exactly because the supply estimates from the vendors have changed a lot. And I think there are some procedural issues. What we’re trying to do is take a longer look at supply. So, we have gone back to 2017 and projected forward to 2020. And what we found in that analysis is that the total number of units produced in the Essex metros have ranged from 34,000 to 36,000 per year in all of our -- again, all of our metros. And essentially what we conclude from that is that construction labor is the main constraint. And even though construction labor can vary by submarket to submarket, in other words, can be transient. Some construction workers can go from LA to some other metro. What we think is happening is basically there’s a cap on the amount of construction that can get done. And so, we’re seeing pretty consistent total apartment units being delivered in each of those years. And that costs us to essentially take our best estimate at trying to guess or estimate how much was going to leap from one year to the next. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we think it is around 3,000 units from 2018 into 2019, and 2019 into 2020. And again within the context of -- that leads to about 36,000 units, plus or minus, in each of the last four years or four years preceding 2020.
Michael Schall: Sure, Austin. I think in our experience, cap rates are pretty sticky; they don’t change quickly overnight. Buyers and sellers need time to adjust to a new environment. I think that there is enormous amount of money out there looking for investments and looking for yield specifically. And I think that that is a one of the forces that is keeping cap rates at relatively low levels. So, I wouldn't expect any significant change in cap rates in the near term. I think what happens is, you will see buyers and sellers not agreeing and that will essentially cause a freeze in the transaction markets for some period of time, before cap rates would change. So, again, we haven't seen that now because there's so much money in the market, chasing deals. And we will see what happens going forward. I guess, it’s going to take several quarters for this to play out.
Michael Schall: Sure. Overall, we think 2019 is, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, roughly the same as 2018. There are some regional variances. Supply for example, pretty significantly let’s say, in LA and Oakland and then down in some other places that are essentially offsetting those numbers. In terms of quarter to quarter, I think it’s been so challenging to get the timing right going into the outlook of the details probably too far into weeds. What we have right now for 2019 is the third and fourth quarters are a little bit higher -- actually, you know what, they are pretty consistent throughout. The third and fourth quarters are heavier in northern California but lighter in Seattle and Southern California. So, we have pretty even supply quarter to quarter throughout 2019.
Michael Schall: Yes, it will be interesting. And so, I will conclude by saying, I’ve learned in this business that don't try to make some work that just fundamentally doesn't work. And so, essentially focusing on the balance sheet, making sure it’s in pristine shape and being ready for opportunities when they arise, we don't know when or where they are going to be, but when that happens, we want to be ready. So, I think that's our focus now.
Michael Schall: I'm going to add one thing to that, and that is Mr. Eudy does not give up and he is very focused on really pushing hard right through election day to make sure that the campaign is very focused on the ultimate result. And again, we have watched John do this for the last couple of months. And he's been incredibly focused and incredibly effective. 
Michael Schall: Hey Drew, it’s Mike. We think it will decline a little bit, maybe around 10%, Seattle will still have a plenty of supply in 2019 relative to 2018. But yes, to your second question, which is it will be more spread out; and the more spread out it is, the less we see that phenomena of multiple lease-ups competing against one another and offering very large concessions. So, the fact that it’s spreading out should help us in 2019 relative to 2018.
Michael Schall: It’s another good question. I'm not sure I have the perfect answer for it. I think that the greatest sensitivities are the transactions are hitting the market in some of the cities with the most extreme forms of rent control. I know that there was transaction for example, in Berkeley that had very extreme forms rent control. And I think that the market is reacting to those by pushing the bids for them past November 6th. And so, you’ll know the answer before people commit to it. So, I think there’s been somewhat of a showing the fact in the marketplace as people wait for Prop 10’s ultimate outcome. But I don’t get the sense that it’s had overall impact; in other words, some parts of the market areas that have less severe forms of rent control. I think it has a smaller impact on the market.
Michael Schall: No, not necessarily. Again, this is Mike. We follow the same basic methodology with respect to both sides of our portfolio. We try to rank our submarkets by longer-term job growth -- I am sorry longer-term rent growth and as a function of job growth and supply growth, and then we try to identify the areas that will -- are the weakest level of that, and try to call the portfolio as a result of that. The domain disposition earlier this year is a good example of that. Also, it seems like we’re getting more unsolicited offers. And when we get unsolicited offers, we will take them on a case-by-case basis and sometimes we will act on them if we get the right value. So, I’d say, those are the two driving forces of our dispo program.
Michael Schall: Sure. So, big picture, we are renovating somewhere in the neighborhood of 2,500 units a year, and that implies a lifecycle of over 20 years, considering the size of our portfolio. So, we are pretty comfortable that process can continue. It moves around a little bit, depending upon of course the rental market strength. And we constantly are looking and making sure we are achieving our expectations. But, there is no reason to believe that our unit turn program would slow down in the coming years. As it relates to larger projects, we have several going that are listed that are doing well. And again, there is probably -- what, four properties that are specifically outlined, and that pipeline should continue as well. The asset’s age, we look for opportunities to do more robust upgrades to the asset systems, et cetera., and increase value. So, I don't see our renovation program changing materially over the next couple years.
Michael Schall: Alex, this is Mike, and we're not going to morph into a guidance conversation here. But let me just clarify what we mean and our market forecast. So, S-16, our economic rent growth represents in these submarkets, not for Essex but for the broader submarket what we think market rents will do in each of these areas. So, our portfolio can vary from that by some amount. And depending upon where it is, depending upon its competitive within the marketplace et cetera, and so our actual revenue results can be different. And again, this is for the entire year. So, how it breaks down the rent growth curve, it's not a flat line straight up during the year. It tends to be strong in the earlier part of the year, and weaker in the end of the year. And so, there could be variations in these numbers. And I'll leave it at that. And I will be giving guidance at some point in time in late January, early February, and we’ll talk about it in much more detail at that time.
Michael Schall: Well, I think that Seattle has always been challenging. I think that we have beat up Seattle historically over the last several years much greater, outperformed with what our expectations have been. But, it is more challenging just because if you look at the amount of supply that it produces, 1.8% versus about 1% in northern California and 0.7% in Southern California, there is a greater degree of variability there. So, we could be wrong. The higher of the supply number typically, the more wrong you could be. So, I would point to Seattle.
Michael Schall: Let me add one more thing to that. I think that what has typically happened, we’ve seen out there and some of the data providers is when some doesn’t get delivered in Q1, it gets pushed to Q2 and Q2 to Q3 and you end up with lump of supply that is going to ultimately get done in Q4. And then, of course, if that doesn’t happen, it gets pushed to the next year. So, that's been sort of the process that started what John just talked about. You end up -- it ends up being very confusing because you have a very large number in Q4 which doesn’t get delivered, which then makes to next year, start out with a very large number, and it confuses the entire picture. So, we are trying to cut through all that and create something that is hopefully more sustainable and more accurate.
Michael Schall: We always have a plan B. But keep in mind that we operate in 70 different cities in California. So, we’re more diversified than you might think. And as you know, probably the greatest risks are in the more urban type location. And we are a mix of urban and suburban, I think somewhere around 10% of our properties actually are in the urban core. So, we think that there’s just an inherent sort of safety in the portfolio. And I commented previously about concentrations. There’s only 4 cities where we have more than 2,000 units. And so, again, we’re pretty diverse. And so, we’re not hugely impacted under any scenario, although we do look at -- we do have a contingency plan that might target a few cities that we’re most concerned about. So, I wouldn't say we wouldn’t do anything, but I would say that our feeling is we’re pretty well positioned overall.
Michael Schall: Probably not. I mean, we did track other metros because we want to make sure that the West Coast is competitive with some of the eastern metros for sure. And like job growth in certain of the eastern metros or pretty appealing of late, but it's really trying to confirm whether our existing property profile is appropriate given the broader U.S. landscape. So, it’s sort of confirmatory. And based on that, looking at supply and demand dynamics, we feel good about the West Coast.
Michael Schall: I can. Roughly 8,600 units in California are condo and then condo mapping in Seattle is easier than it is in California. In California, if you don't have condo map coming out of the gate, you’re unlikely to get one unless -- may take you many years in order to get one. So, 8,600 of our California portfolio would be the condo map, 15% to 16%. And they tend to be in more of the urban core.
Michael Schall: John, it’s Mike. It’s a good question. And honestly, we don't know the answer. As you guys actually pointed out, there is a lot of money in private hands looking for yield. And it’s there, it’s not going away probably anytime soon. So, how much we will transact given the amount of money, searching for quality apartment deals, obviously remains to be seen. I guess, I’m -- I wouldn't be as maybe dire as you’re suggesting as it relates to the transaction market. I mean, conditions can go on a lot longer than we might think before pricing or you see that for you. It would be a guess and I would be speculating. So, I think I will probably just leave it at that. I think that there is no reason to believe that things will change overnight. They generally take significant amount of time to change. And I would guess that it would be at the very earliest, sometime a year from now or something like that. 
Michael Schall: Well, Q3 was strong and that’s what I was trying to articulate that, and part of that relates to the curve changing a bit. 2018 was a normal seasonal pattern and comparing that to 2017 gave us kind of a big pop in Q3. As we go to Q4, we will face more pressure. And loss to lease will largely dry up. And so when you look at ‘18 -- ‘19, we're not giving guidance but we're not in those -- in the high numbers that you talked about. We’ll have the headwinds from the occupancy with the solid rental market, and we'll give guidance later on.
Michael Schall: Yes. I think we had roughly 14% turnover if my memory is right, 6,500 leases and something like that overall. It’s the bigger percentage, it’s meaningful but it’s not -- we still signed quite a few in Q1 and Q4.
Michael Schall: Thank you, Dana. Thank you for your participation on the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you next week in San Francisco at the NAREIT Convention. Have a good day. Thanks for joining the call.
John Burkart: Yes, absolutely. In Q4, we see a little bit more supply coming at us for the year. And so, there would be the normal Q4 softer market. I'm sure, we're going to have some more concessions. But overall, our expectations are concessions are in check across each of the market. Again, as Mike has mentioned, LA, downtown LA is going to have more products. And so, there will be isolated cases with more concessions. But overall, as a company, our concessions are down in same-store portfolio, and we see things generally in pretty good order, 4 to 6 weeks, limited situations with 8 weeks, and often times concessions are going back, even back down to three weeks.
John Burkart: Sure. Our occupancy at this point is 96.5, and last year we were a little bit higher, we were about 30 basis points higher at this point in time exactly. I think this year, we will again be -- we continue to be a little bit under last year. If you’re going back to the year, we started well above than occupancy; and then, as the market shifted, we shifted our strategy to favor achieving market rent over occupancy. So, we do have that headwind that we are facing Q3, as I mentioned Q4 will continue, will actually continue into the first half of ‘19. So, my expectation is our occupancy is a little tough to tell. We are obviously finding that in the marketplace, and as I mentioned, with more supply, that’s going to hit Q4 during the low demand period. But, I expect we will probably stay close to where we are right now, maybe up 10 basis points or something like that.
John Burkart: Yes. You hit it exactly. The greatest impact is in Q1 and Q2 where we were running at significantly higher occupancy. Our Q1, we were looking at the numbers, January 97.1, 97.2, 97.2, very high occupancy Q1. And I don’t expect to match that. As we move forward into through Q3, it’s less, and then we get into -- I’m sorry, Q2, it’s less. As we get into Q3, we’re probably right on point, and our Q4 will probably be right on point. So, the headwind is really, largely related to Q1 and Q2 occupancy. And that’s it at this point. We’re still in our budget planning process, but giving you a big picture. To the extent we see greater opportunities or reason to be more aggressive, we certainly will be. But at this point, those are most obvious headwinds.
John Burkart: So, although I do a lot of driving, there’s a whole team of people in the research department that do the specifics, and they have actually a mobile database that they log into, check things out. So, what they’re doing is they’re actually driving the entire MD. So, they’re looking at everything out in that area to understand exactly what’s going on. Again, we don’t look at it and say, here’s an asset that we’re going to go within 3 miles, and different people have different ways of doing it. We look at the whole supply-demand picture, and we make an assessment according to that. So, we’re looking at all assets that are 50 units and up, driving those assets in the MD, seeing where they’re at and factoring that in. Obviously from an operational perspective, we have individual operational asset reports that research department creates and enables us to better understand what supply is going to impact what assets and therefore adjust pricing strategies. But from a big picture from the economic perspective, we’re looking at the whole MD, each of the MDs, seeing there’s a lot of work in this area.
John Burkart: What we're seeing to start with on the supply side is, we see the fourth quarter is being pretty heavy with, so that'll be a tough fourth quarter for us now. And then Q1 and Q2, also significant, little bit less and then lightening up quite a bit in Q3 and Q4 in Seattle. We also, when we're looking at where we were for, we're talking to acceleration we have in rent growth this year in S-16, just projecting into ‘19. We're seeing right now on job growth that as I mentioned earlier is that 3.7%, very high job growth this year for the third quarter compared that to last year, last year was a low point. Last year we were down by about 50 basis points -- sorry ‘17, we were down about 50 basis points in job growth and that impacted our ‘18 number. This point being up in job growth in ‘18 and doing -- being very strong, that will actually benefit the ‘19 rental market. There is a little bit of delay between job growth and the rental market. So, it's really that combination of better employment this year with declining supply that will get us to our rent growth numbers. It will be a little tough in the middle though. The fourth quarter is going to be challenge. I’m sure it’ll be noteworthy.
John Eudy: I’ll try -- this is John Eudy. We are cautiously optimistic that we are in a pretty good start and where we thought we were going to be at this point in time. But you never know. Polls have been wrong in the past. The messaging, I think you are referring to the PPIC public poll that came out a week ago that has it at 60% no, 25% yes, and the balance undecided. We see that in our internal polling as well. But the last eight days can change. But right now, we believe that we're in a pretty good spot to win or to push back under the deal.
John Eudy: It's not really capitalizing more, it is -- the turnover is a factor for sure. There is also some timing issues there as well. I think it will kick up in Q4 but all according to the original plan for the year. So, we are finding opportunities to create efficiencies and lower our cost to offset some of the wage pressures that we face and are coming in again with another good year as it relates to controllables.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. We open that right after the first of the year, as you’re probably aware. And it’s a pretty deep market, a lot of Sunnyvale product burned off on the inventory this year. And we think it's well-positioned to have a pretty good start, come late Q1. 
John Eudy: We have maps on, like Mike said, roughly 8,600 units, most of which are urban core units we have been developing last 15 years. And we’re always looking at the metrics between NAV value, condo conversion versus as an apartment. So, that optionality is there. We’ll make the right decision at the right time.
