Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I will start by providing some color on our 2020 guidance, followed by an update on capital markets and the balance sheet. The key assumptions for our 2020 guidance are available on page five of our earnings release and S-14 of the supplemental. We're guiding to a midpoint of 3.1% for same-property revenue and NOI growth this year. Overall, operating fundamentals in our markets remain healthy, as we continue to assume steady market rent growth, near the long-term averages and for our West Coast market to continue to outperform the U.S. average. Compared to 2019, we're expressing a modest acceleration in Seattle and a slight deceleration in California, largely attributed to demand and supply trends commented earlier. Moving on to the core FFO guidance. We are expecting a growth rate of 4.2% at the midpoint in 2020. As discussed in our previous call, we have a short-term headwind from the repayment of a highly accretive mortgage-backed security, which generated a 17% internal rate of return for Essex shareholders. The lost income from this investment accounts for approximately $0.18 of headwind in 2020 or 1.3% of our 2020 FFO growth, and mostly explains the sequential decline in core FFO between our fourth quarter results and the first quarter forecast. Our 2020 guidance also includes the recent acquisition of a 45% joint venture partner's interest in a $1 billion portfolio. We expect to recognize a $6.4 million promote from this transaction as well as a remeasurement gain in excess of $225 million, which incorporates small impairments of $18 million recognized in the fourth quarter. This gain and promote will be recognized in the first quarter of 2020 and both are excluded from core FFO. We remain committed to our co-investment platform as it provides for an alternative source of capital and an attractive risk-adjusted return for investors. Over the past three years, we have generated incremental earnings for our shareholders from promote income totaling approximately $66 million. Lastly, on capital markets activities. In the fourth quarter, we issued $150 million 10-year unsecured bond at an effective 2.8% interest rate, prepaid several mortgages with 2020 maturities. Consequently, we only have $280 million of maturities to refinance this year. We continue to maintain our discipline to optimize our cost of capital and will remain thoughtful and opportunistic. Our balance sheet metrics remain strong with over $800 million of available liquidity. That concludes my prepared comments. And I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Hi. It's Angela here. We have an excellent relationship with our JV partners. And the exit really relates to the timing of the investment. These properties were formed as individual joint ventures, and most of them were formed back around 2010. So, at this point, we're near that 10-year term. And so, it made sense to have a discussion for the exit. And so, going forward, we actually have continued to have active conversations about future opportunities as they come up. But, as you know, we decide to put an asset or investment in joint venture, it's really driven by a function of trying to optimize the cost of capital. So, it depends on where the stock is trading, where the asset sales are coming in, et cetera.
Angela Kleiman: Well, you see that we actually sold one of the assets in joint venture in the fourth quarter as well, and that was Masso. And so, and that was a very attractive sub-4 cap rate sale. And so, we do evaluate whether it makes sense to bring it on this wholly owned, or really what's the best return for our shareholders.
Angela Kleiman: Alex, I'll talk about the funding and then Mike will chime in on the overall strategy. On the funding, we use our line of credit to bridge the closing, but our intent is to finance -- refinance with long-term debt. And on the equity portion, now since the portfolio is actually unlevered, we won't need to raise as much equity to be leverage neutral. So, this will allow us to be opportunistic in our equity issuance or we may sell assets depending on market conditions.
Angela Kleiman: It's incorporated into our guidance. And so, if you look at our -- we have a line on accretion from external activities. That does include the CPP transaction among others.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Shirley, that’s a good question. We do expect heavier redemptions in 2020. And I think you may recall that that we have talked about carefully, investments tend to have a three-year life and sometimes they get extended longer, which is terrific. And so, the redemption timing can be lumpy. So, as for 2020, the redemption outside of the mortgage backed security investment, and so on the preferred equity event, it's about $145 million. And it's -- between the first half and the second half, it's pretty even and maybe a little bit heavier in the second half. And of course, you have -- there's probably somewhere around 110ish. So, that's the cadence. As far as the pipeline, Adam will chime in on that.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. And Shirley, you may recall, we have a guidance between $50 million to $100 million, so it’s 75 midpoint. So that's a good number too for modeling purposes. And then, the one thing I'll add is really the timing of the funding because they do lag a little bit. And so, you want to layer that consideration.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. It's a good question there. On the Seattle property tax, it was an interesting year in 2019, in that our property tax bill actually came in lower than 2018, and it was all driven by assessment bills. And so, what that means is definitely from a year-over-year perspective, we have challenges on the comp. In terms of how we think about Seattle property tax, because it's not -- it’s one of those things -- those numbers are just not as [indiscernible]. So, in 2019 it was 3% lower than the prior year from the assessment. But the five years before that those increases were in between 13% to 17%. So, in 2020, what we try to do is kind of thread the needle and looking at like a base run rate of 6% and then you add into it the refunds. We're looking at kind of low single digits, the 8, 9% for Seattle property tax increase. 
Angela Kleiman: Yes. And the rest of the portfolio, it's all throughout Northern California. So we have one in San Mateo, one in Dublin, one in Pleasanton so in the East Bay, and San Jose, and of course, Walnut Creek. So those are the locations, but it's all Northern California. And as you know, we built these and have operated them. So we know the assets very well and certainly like them very much and glad to have all of them into our consolidated portfolio. They will be in the same store next year because, as you may recall, we roll them in, and we'll have one year of comparable results before we add them to the same-store pool.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. It's an off-balance sheet because of the control reasons. Our partners have essentially comparable approval authorities on basic items like budgets and financing, and so it's really a technical reason.
Angela Kleiman: That's a great question. And like a lot of legislation, things aren't always spelled out as much as we would all like. So that's not necessarily contemplated in the legislation. My sense is that it will get addressed in the courts. But it's really focused on rental revenue and not other revenue. But as far as the details of that, I think it will get resolved somewhere in the future.
John Burkart: Sure. This is John speaking. So, the -- going forward, what we're looking at in guidance again is 3.1%, and that's really made up of about 1% -- or sorry, 3% rent growth as we have on our S-16, as well as some other income. When you say the blended, it would blend to that. We pretty much do not push our renewals above the market. We keep them consistent with the market, so they really run together. And that keeps it simple and it keeps it focused on the customer experience, which is critically important.
John Burkart: Sure. So, in 2019, all in, obviously our revenue came in at about 4% for the fourth quarter, 3.4% for the year. And that was really about 3.2% scheduled rent, which would be the blended number and the remaining amount relates to other income items.
John Burkart: Yes. This is John speaking. No, not at all, the operationally, asset management-wise, we operate all of our assets consistent -- in the consistent way. Our partnerships, we have great relationships, and we don't have an Essex way and then the other way. It's, I call it, the family, it's all one way. We operate in an integrated approach across the board. So there won't be changes there. We do like the locations of the assets quite a bit. They're in the technology markets that are growing, and we're excited about that. But there's not a change like -- would happen when we're buying an asset from a third party.
John Burkart: That's true. And I would say with the tech, it is -- it does -- it is going across the U.S., but the headquarters are still here and the highest paying jobs are still here. So it's -- they're doing a natural thing as far as taking more of the back office and moving that out and then taking other components of the business, but the creative design, the top-notch aspect of the tech, really still located in West Coast. You find that in each of the different companies that are out here, the major companies. And so it's that and the incomes that are tied to that, which really drives income growth, and that is certainly beneficial.
John Burkart: Yes. Lease break was one component, it's the biggest component and I called that out. There was other items as well. But yes, what was driving the lease breaks really relates to the supply that was coming into the market in Q4. And again, that goes back to our decision as we saw that the supply was going to start hitting the market, and we filled up or increased occupancy. We did anticipate this type of thing to happen. But you go into the low demand period. The concessions start to increase at the new supply, and you get to about eight weeks free in some cases, and people will break their lease and transfer. So that's what was driving it.
John Burkart: Yes. So we are -- this is John. Where that negative impact comes, it hits the revenue. It really relates to short-term rentals and the premium associated with that. And so oftentimes, at the end of a lease, we will always give our customers the options they want. And on the short -- if they want a shorter-term option, there's a premium related to that, and 1482 restricts that premium, and so that's where the 10 basis point headwind comes from.
Michael Schall: Yes. And Alex, I'll just add real quickly. Keep in mind that we had a promote, which is noted in the press release. And we also have the different tax base than what the tax base would be at market. And therefore, our yield is a little bit higher. And that helps make these transactions attractive to us.
Michael Schall: Yes. Alex, I think it's a good question, and it came up very early in the call today, so all good. So, as I probably reported recently or actually last -- late last year, there were 18 bills that were signed by Governor, some dealing with housing. The biggest one was 1482, which is a statewide rent control initiative. Following up on that, there's been some pretty big allocations of funding for housing, $1.75 billion last year and $500 million that has been discussed as part of the ‘20 to 2021 budget. And so, I think that the political environment here is to try to wait and see what happens with these large investments and with 1482 as opposed to go to the ballot box and try to create a whole different scenario with Prop 10 2.0. So, I think that the politics for the matter are the legislature has acted and the state is funding, the housing shortage issue to a pretty substantial extent. And let those things run the course. So, that's what we hope happens. Obviously, Prop 10 2.0, they submitted around 950,000 signatures in December. We're still waiting to see if the ballot qualifies. I'd say that compared to the first go round, obviously, we're early innings. And so, the proposal has not received a great deal of attention at this point in time. And as I go back to think about Prop 10, the early polling was that it would pass. And that was noted obviously throughout the investment community. And it was in fact overwhelmingly defeated in the end. And even though this current proposal is a little bit more palatable to the owners, I still think that it will be difficult to pass. And by that or in support of that, I would suspect that it will be an ongoing discussion, and we will have an entity that will essentially commit to a robust opposition to Prop 10 2.0. And, again, given the outcome of the last go round, I expect it will be successful once again.
Michael Schall: Yes. Hey, Nick. It's Mike Schall. I think that when we look at permits, you're looking a few years out, and there is a natural lag there. So, connecting the drop in permits over the last couple of years, I think we're still looking down the road in terms of when that actually comes out. Keep in mind that California, unlike many places around the nation, has a much longer period as you go through the permitting process and delivery process. And I think that's complicated to some extent by the lack of -- or the tight labor markets in construction in terms of getting things finalized and moving ahead. So, I'd say, we're looking beyond 2021 to really see a significant impact.
Michael Schall: Sure. That's a fair question. And at this point in time, you're right, Seattle is doing really terrific. Its rents are roughly 5% up year-over-year. At the same time, the unemployment is very low. It's 1.7% in that zone. So, we do expect the employment growth rate to slow down, and that's partly driving it. We are showing in our S-16, employment slowing down pretty significantly across the board, still staying 50 basis points over the U.S. over the U.S. average for the Essex portfolio, but slowing down because of the low unemployment. And Seattle has the lowest unemployment of all the areas. So, that's the scenario that we have out there. At this point in time, obviously employment is beating that expectation, and we'd love to see that continue.
Michael Schall: Yes, sure. So, let me go back to make sure I answer that. I may have missed that. So, in the fourth quarter, new rents were about 2.2%, renewals were about 3.5%. And really, the bigger difference was in Northern Cal where the supply was coming into the market. Going forward, in the first quarter, I'll answer a question on renewals, they went out at about 4.4%. Today market rents are a 2% to 3% up year-over-year. And that's really a factor of where the slow demand period. So again, it always is a little bit of wonky in December and January. We expect us to -- we expect to achieve the market rents we have laid out in our S-16. And of course the strongest market as I already mentioned is Seattle.
Michael Schall: Yes, Rich. This is Mike again. It was pretty broadly marketed. And so it wasn't as if that was acquired deal. It was marketed around. And when I think about our preferred equity business, we think about really two things. One is, development deals where we're coming in at the last minute, just before start -- just before the start, so we know what the construction costs are. So, we are trying to take that construction cost risk off the table in those deals. And then, we also will do preferred equity on stabilized portfolio, which actually was the first go round that we had with Park Merced when we - as you alluded to, we had invested in it once before at a much lower value by the way. And so, this transaction is neither of those, because it is looking at the development deals and trying to assess how they might look. And so, it didn't really fit our basic strategy. And, we will from time to time deviate a little bit from our strategy, if we really see a lot of value. But, we just didn't think that was applicable or appropriate this time.
Michael Schall: Sure, Rich. Yes, our portfolio, as you note, is a little bit older than other portfolios, and I would attribute most of that to the fact that we produce less than 1% of our stock, of our housing stock per year. And therefore, as you can imagine, over 20 years, you produced less than 20% of your stock, and therefore, 80% of your portfolio is more than 20 years old. So just a fact of life, and we think that this is a very good thing that we don't produce a lot of housing in general. And so I think it's just -- that is the nature of our markets, and we are a reflection of our markets. In terms of opportunity, again, I would say, you can't build a B. And therefore, you see less competition. And so I'd say, generally speaking, at the early part of the cycle, maybe the As outperform the Bs, synergy up later on in the cycle, the Bs outperform the A, so all of those broader themes are out there. And then I would also say that as the A product becomes more luxury oriented, it opens the door toward very thoughtful redevelopment programs where we can add value. And add a yield that is higher than the cap rate and benefit both from the growth embedded in the redevelopment program and the increase in the value of the portfolio when you cap it out. So it's kind of all those things.
Michael Schall: John, its Mike. Well, we've been in Portland before and exited Portland and we do look at it from time to time. It's definitely on our list. Portland, the reason why we exited is because they had an urban growth boundary that they essentially kept expanding, and we convinced ourselves it was not supply constrained. So I guess it depends on what housing and how these markets adjust. So in our experience, it's not just the apartment supply, but relatively inexpensive single-family housing meant that essentially as soon as rents get to a certain level, people go, you know what, I don't need to pay this rent anymore. I'll just go and buy a house. And so we look at that dynamic of what we charge for rent and what the comparable house and how difficult it is for our renter base to be diluted by homeownership. And so if we could find markets that satisfy and that look appealing from both those perspectives, good job growth and the overall amount of supply is somewhat limited and the transition from a renter to a homeowner is somewhat limited. We think that, that is a good market. Practically speaking, and we go through this process with our Board every year in terms of current markets and other possible markets. So Portland is definitely on that list. And there are some other markets that are on the list as well. Generally speaking, they are the more supply constrained markets.
Michael Schall: Yes. This is Mike. Yes, we do just about everything. So if it needs a renovation plan, we will build that into the pro forma. And if it's in good quality shape, we will look at that as well. I mean we're really sort of agnostic as to where the property is from, again, that, let's say, the B- to A level, it's all about growth as Adam suggested. And if that growth comes from redevelopment, we're happy with that. If it comes from us understanding the market and growth rate a little bit better than everyone else, so be it. Again, we're totally focused on what is the return of what we're buying versus -- compared to the portfolio as a whole. And that's how we make those decisions.
Michael Schall: Actually, John, I can add that the move out to purchased homes was -- has recovered a lot and was at 12.1% in Q4, a little bit higher than it's been in the recent past.
Michael Schall: Yes. And that is a good question. One of the conundrums that we've experienced over the last several years, as we bought many failed condo buildings in the last cycle, and we had hoped to convert them back to condos and sell them at a lower cap rate than we could otherwise sell apartments. We have not found that that's the case at all. In fact, if anything has gone the other way, we've produced more rental housing, much more rental housing than we have for sale housing, and that's been an ongoing dynamic. So we haven't seen that spread that we had hoped for in purchasing a condo versus an apartment value, and which of course is what triggers tha . And with the recent past increases in the price of the single-family home being in the minus 3, I think in San Jose to about 1% in the best of our locations. It hasn't helped that condo versus apartment valuation.
Michael Schall: Yes. I mean, first, let's go back a step. So the 1482 really impacts renewals, right? When a unit goes vacant, it's the market rent. So at the end of the lease period, we typically and the residents typically respond to direct renewal. There's not generally concessions in there. And we are not anticipating going that direction.
Michael Schall: Yes. No, I mean, frankly, I love the fact that we have lower turnover. I think it's reflective of quality of service out of the assets as well as being fair. We meet the market. We're not trying to push rents beyond the market. We're fair in how we price things. And again, I think that the site teams are doing a terrific job. So I think the lower turnover is reflective of that. I'm not sure it's going to go much lower than that. It -- there's a natural need for people to move.
Michael Schall: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today and look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming Citibank Conference. Have a good day. Thank you.
Adam Berry: Yes. Shirley, this is Adam. We're pursuing and underwriting several deals in parallel at this point on the pref equity side. These deals inherently have a long lead times, just like any development deal. So, when they actually come to fruition, it can always be an unknown. But, we are pursuing many and have quite a few in the pipeline.
Adam Berry: Briefly, yes. I mean, we continue to underwrite and track all the land deals throughout our markets. Unfortunately though, given dramatic increases that we're seeing in construction costs relative to where NOI growth has been, we just -- we've been able to see this real time through our prep equity program. Generally speaking, we aren't seeing the necessary yield premium to really pursue the majority of the development deals out there. As Mike mentioned, there are some that fit into that parameter and provide the adequate risk adjusted return, but for the most part deals are tough to pencil right now.
Adam Berry: So, this is Adam. We look at it several ways. I'd say the most basic kind of down the middle of the fairway, pref deal is going to be paid off after a certain period of time, whether it be two, three years. We do however -- with every deal, we have that conversation where there are potential hybrids, where there is that potential to convert into equity. And it is on a deal by deal basis. And we're seeing probably a little more of that opportunity now given where we are in the cycle.
Adam Berry: Okay. So on the dispo side, this is Adam. On the dispo side, we're going to target the assets that have been slower growing within the portfolio in order to maximize our overall portfolio growth. On the acquisition side -- on the disposition side, our target is between $100 million and $300 million. As you noted, we expect to be net acquirers this year. And again, we're looking at just increasing shareholder return overall. So we're going to be looking at our higher growth markets. And as Mike alluded to earlier in the call, we're going to be looking at that probably A- to B category, the brand-new stuff, as we've seen over the last few years, given whereabout the supply is coming, that product has not grown nearly as well as the Bs.
