Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I'll start with a few comments on our third quarter results, followed by an update on capital markets and funding activities. As noted in our earnings release, and early on, this was a challenging quarter with declines of both same property revenues and core FFO per share. The 6.7% decline in same property revenue growth is primarily driven by concessions and delinquencies. We report concessions on a cash basis in our same property results. Because we believe this approach provides a true picture of current market conditions. The cash impact of concessions was 500 basis points. So, excluding this, our same property revenue decline would have been 1.7% instead of 6.7%. Conversely, on our consolidated financials, with straight line concessions in accordance with gap in calculating core and total FFO. Keep in mind that when concessions abate, our approach will impact the future performance in two ways. First, our year-over-year comparison unstained dollar revenue growth will be favorable. Second, the opposite effect will occur on our FFO growth because there will be a headwind as we continue to straight line concessions over the life of the lease. Onto delinquency, we are encouraged to see total delinquencies declined during the third quarter relative to the second quarter. On the other hand, given the current environment and related uncertainties, we maintain the same approach as last quarter and reserved against 75% of our delinquencies with third quarter. This may prove conservative is California law allows us a clear path to collection of COVID-19 related delinquencies as temporarily provided in AB-3088. The negative impact from our delinquency reserve to same property revenue and core FFO growth was 1.6% and 4%, respectively. Please see the bottom of Page two of our press release and S-15 in our supplemental for additional details. Turning to capital markets. In August, when interest rates dropped down to a level close to the 52-week low, we opportunistically issued 600 million of bonds, consisting of two $300 million tranches, an 11-year and a 30-year maturity at an effective yield of 1.75% and 2.67% respectively. The yield on our 30-year bond was the lowest on record of any Triple B plus rated issuer at that time. Since then, we have repaid a $300 million bond, that's mature in 2022 and have plans to pay up all remaining 2021 maturities at par. The net result is a very low risk maturity schedule for the next two years, was only a $350 million term loan to repay in 2022. As for funding plan for investments in the stock buyback, our structural finance investments are funded by the redemption and our development commitments is less than $73 million over the next two years. Incidentally, because the pandemic has caused delays in development deliveries, our development NOI for the next year will be lower than we expected. Because we are not as far along in our lease offs as we had originally planned. On the stock buyback year-to-date we have repurchased around a million shares at an average price of about $226 per share. We have match funded the stock repurchased with $343 million of property sales, which is comparable to our pre-COVID consensus NAV of close to $290 per share. While we have been opportunistic in arbitraging the compelling discount between our public and private NAV, we paused our share repurchases when COVID-19 caseloads and hospitalizations 32 summer and severe shelter in place orders were issued. Even though we have transacted on a leveraged neutral basis and have reduced our net debt, selling assets also reduces EBITDA. Accordingly, we continue to be mindful of the impact and the debt-to-EBITDA of the impact on adjusted EBITDA ratio in the context of our stock buyback strategy. In summary with minimal near-term funding needs, nothing drawn on our line of credit, and approximately $1.7 billion in total liquidity, our balance sheet remains strong. And we continue to have the flexibility to be opportunistic, while maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Thank you, and I will now turn the call back to the operator for question.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, I think, Nick, if you look at how we manage our capital allocations, we're not really going to deviate too much from that plan. And so, the key commentary I have is really to make sure that we also at the same time preserve our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And so, it'll be a little bit of all of the above what are we selling? And what price and what's the impact on the EBITDA reduction? At the same time, what are our opportunities to reinvest the sale proceeds? So there - if we have more preferred equity for example, then that certainly will be an important piece. And of course, the other piece is where the stock is trading, right. And so, it's all of these things I guess, that factored in.
Angela Kleiman: As in to 19, you know what I'll have to get back to you because when I look at our S2 from quarter to quarter, second quarter to third quarter, a growth from $5 million to $6.3 million. So, it's one that is being [indiscernible]
Angela Kleiman: Yeah, it's straight on rental and commercial - on commercial. I think that's what it is. But we'll follow up with you. But I think that's what that is.
John Burkart: Yeah, okay. So, overall, delinquencies are definitely improving. And you can obviously see that from Q3 versus Q2, there are some underlying trends there that occur. And so what's happening is, we are collecting a little bit more in prior delinquencies which is a good thing. Again, I've said all along, we're working with all of our residents. And the great, great, great majority are showing very good behavior. So we are getting a little bit more on the current month's delinquency, is a slight uptick. It kind of ties in with the reduction of the federal aid, but it's really not that material overall. Again, the pitcher delinquency is improving. And so my expectation as we move forward, we continue to have the economy opening up. Although, we still have negative year-over-year job comps, they're getting better and better. And so if on a local level, we actually had seasonal job comps, they would actually show seasonal growth. So things are actually improving out here and my expectation is that delinquency will continue to improve as we move forward. As it relates to utilities or any other line item, they're really running a similar path to the rental delinquencies. If the people who are unable to pay rent are really not paying delinquencies but, yeah there's not paying all of it. So or they're paying a percentage, but the percentage is type of thing. So it's a very parallel path, if that makes sense.
John Burkart: Sure, yeah, no that's actually very good overall. I mean, going into this part of the season, Essex as a general rule, we like to have higher occupancy and lower availability going into the season where there's a decline in demand season like and sitting at 4.5% right now availability is a good spot. It's consistent with where we've been in the last several years, the team has worked very hard to meet the market, and very interactive trying to understand what the consumer wants, and off of that and leased our units up and get quality paying tenants. And I think they've done a terrific job, you can see it in our higher occupancy even into October that 96.6. I mean, that's just really, really doggone good. Now, again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in Q4 of last year, we were at 97.1, the market was very, very strong. And so we still have some headwinds. But in context, I think the whole portfolio is doing very well, if either signs of strength in some markets like Ventura, Contra Costa, Orange, and San Diego, or we see good signs of stabilization in many other markets. Or I'll mention, say, in San Francisco and Oakland, for example we see the beginnings of this backfill, that's starting to happen. And we mentioned this before, how in our markets, they are desirable places to live. And so when it's really a value proposition, so when the price gets to the right point, consumers make changes. And so what we're starting to see now, from January through September, the average was about 6% move ins came from the outlying areas, and this is far off commuting places, like say Antioch that we're moving into the Oakland area, and or San Francisco. And the numbers vary, but they're fairly close to that 6%, average all the way through pre-COVID, post COVID, all the way through. And now in October, that number jumped to 14%, literally just jumped. And you look and you say okay, what's going on there, I would say this is the super commuters, the people that they're tethered, as Mike said to the employers. Employers are opening up, and they're looking and saying, I have now my value proposition is to move into San Francisco, move into Oakland, and at a lower price point, avoid that commute. This is a great deal. It works for me. And we're starting to see that. That's a real deal thing that actually happened. So, when I look across our markets, again, I get the strength in certain markets. I get the stability in others and I get the very positive signs in the most challenged places like San Francisco and downtown Oakland.
John Burkart: Well, I guess I'm going to look at effective that one month is 8%. Right. And so if we go three weeks, or three quarters, it adds about 6% off of our lease rates, and that would be one way to look at it to get down to that number. But the reason why I'm not going there is I think it's a little bit misleading, to be honest. I mean, we tend to get into this almost bond mentality of doing a calculation and if we did that, I would have gone back in the last several months at GE rent spell this huge amount net effective. And today I would be saying, oh my gosh, rents have moved up this huge amount because concessions are abating. And I think both of those can be a little bit misleading. As Mike has said, for years, concessions can come into the market and go out rather rapidly. We've used them as a tool to increase occupancy as leasing incentives, and to much lesser extent as in renewals. And so my preference in this case is to really look at it and say, okay, what's going on with our street rents, or market rents or coupon rents and then concessions, where they add? They came into the market in a really big way in June. We use them to increase occupancy pretty dramatically, that's worked. The concessions are abating, we're pulling them back. And I think that's the bigger story. But if you get lost in the net effective rents I'd say, you'll have to go all the way back and say they sell a lot. And now they're increasing. And I think - I don't think that's the best way to look at it.
John Burkart: It's typically 12-month lease. And yes, if you try to get to net effective again, as I said, you just take the concession amount and say okay, if it's a month, it's 8%. And you'd make that adjustment. So I mean, that's the simplistic way to get there. But again, I just don't think that's the best way to look at what's happening in the marketplace right now.
John Burkart: Well. I don't have the details of the breakdown with that. But I will tell you as it relates to performance, transit oriented is really not what's driving anything right now. It's basically a lot of people aren't taking the transit. So they're not on bar and they're not on caltrain. If they're commuting, they're on the road. We've seen that many different ways, but we also see that how much used cars are getting bid up, people are opting to drive. But what we do see is, again the walk-ability as I've mentioned previously, it's the higher the walk-ability typically relates to the higher the price per square foot in rents. And that if you were to look at one correlation that would be the units that are negatively impacted the most. And on the other side, is the lower dollars per square foot or lower walk-ability of the units that have benefited the most in this situation, if that makes sense.
John Burkart: Yeah, and wish you could ask me this in June of 2021 and we can cook for that course of positive. But, obviously, I don't know the future. What I'm trying to point out is, we do have signs of strength that a third of our portfolio is actually moving increasing occupancy rents, stability in large portions of the portfolio. We are not the market, we're a participant in it. And there's some others in the market that are trying to play catch up right now. So, I see volatility going forward. And then recognizing that seasonally, usually Q4 and Q1 are the low points, it would be hard for me to say that I would believe that Q3 is, it turns out to be a low point. But there's just volatility in Q4. A lot of pieces out there, no one knows what's going on with COVID and everything else, but we're feeling good. There are certainly things have improved from what we saw in June and July, which was tremendous amount of activity, trying to find where the market was, we found the market, where the consumers are interested. To your comment, has places in San Francisco and Oakland I brought that comment up, because we are starting to see that people from outlying areas as super commuters are now moving in that value proposition works for them. And that is a very good sign. It's going to be I call it a leading sign. So, that is a good thing. Those markets are still tough and the word acceleration gives me heartburn. But the stability, yes, strength in some other areas, certainly, we're starting to see sequential improve in those four counties that I mentioned. So, overall, I feel much better than it did last quarter, let's put it that way.
John Burkart: I don't, I wouldn't say that I expect it to slide. I think the team is doing a phenomenal job. We are very aggressive getting data, we have proprietary data hub, and we pull all the data together. We have daily meetings, pricing and strategy meetings. And it is just an amazing team with leadership all the way through it. And so, we're meeting the market. So, we know that a unit that's vacant, does not earn any revenue and we just for years laughed at the proud and vacant concept that it just doesn't get you anywhere. So we typically are doing 12-month leases and we meet the market and try to understand it, meet it in and stay occupied. So, I don't see the occupancy declining a lot. 96.6 is high but maintaining I'd say 96 and north of 96 I think is what I would expect to see for the next couple of quarters. And then, normally as we start to get into the 3Q - 2Q and 3Q and there starts to be more turnover, that has an impact on reducing occupancy just because of the nature of the turnover. But we will continue to try to maintain higher occupancy. And I just expect there to be volatility and I brought that up, because I don't want people to be surprised by headlines from different vendors saying this is happening here and that's happening there and also thinks that the whole market is going away. There's just individual players that are really struggling right now. There are some people with lost occupancy in the third quarter, which was probably not the best strategy. And now they're trying to figure out what to do.
John Burkart: No. I mean, it floats around. I mean, right. We're going to use them where we need them. But we have it's - again, we're meeting on a regular basis to figure this out and figure out what where the market is, and what's happening. But I'm not looking right now and expecting huge obvious weakness in one spot or another, I expect volatility. And so to that extent, what I mean by that is yeah, we'll make pricing adjustments as necessary if things pop up. But it's more like whack a mole, and then trying to maintain a good position throughout this situation.
John Burkart: Sure, again, most of our cuts have really been along the lines of concessions, and we've backed away from those. As we noted, our market rents are down about 5.8% in Q3 2020 over Q3 '19. So we've made adjustments down, it varies by market, obviously with San Francisco being greater and other markets much less. But the market as a whole is really hanging in there, as a general rule with the consumer has been looking for is concessions, leasing incentives, and we've continued to structure our pricing along those lines to meet the consumer where they're at. But what we've seen is that over the recent time, certainly over the summer, things were pretty intense. And then as we got into the fall, this need for concessions backed away. And the more we backed away, the more we're able to continue to maintain occupancy and low availability. So, if necessary, we'll adjust, but right now, we've already dropped our market rents by say 5.8%.
John Burkart: Yeah, our loss to lease is like 3.6% if we look at it that way. Yeah upside down, okay. Yeah, gain to lease sorry. Gain to lease.
John Burkart: Yeah. So as far as the tenant credit quality, no, we have not seen any decline there. It's a situation where if you have a job, you continue to maintain going forward, and then you're able to rent and if you don't, it's a terrible situation, but you're not going to become a new renter. So we haven't seen any declines there. As it relates to turnover, from that type of situation, yeah, the answer is, yeah, there are sometimes I can think of an almost a funny story where we had a resident that moved from one of our outer properties up in Seattle to downtown. They transferred within Essex. And then as the market picked up, this is after the last financial crisis, they moved back into the property that they had started with. And they're very nice person and they wanted to stay with Essex, is an Essex client. But they really did take advantage of the pricing changes. And, again, it's that value proposition that they were making personally between their commute in pricing and everything and making that decision. And that's what we do see goes on. Of course, that's the backdrop there was the rents in Seattle went up, because the economy was growing, demand was increasing because of jobs. And so, the fact that, that person moves out, it really going to impact the overall economic picture. It was a rent rising then.
John Burkart: Well, I wouldn't use the word pricing power and attach that to studios. Basically what we see and we look slice and dice at numerous different ways, but as it relates to say, just unit type, clearly, the three bedrooms have higher demand than two bedrooms than one bedroom, than studio at the bottom. Generally, what we see within the marketplace is the studios now have lower occupancy. And again, this ties back to some of my comments were when we look and see where turnover was or where there's demand issues, this is connected in part to say studies, it's also connected to Silicon Valley consultants and those types of things. It also connects to the COVID preference where people want more space, and lower price per square foot. They want more private outdoor space, usually studios have limited private outdoor space. So, yeah there's no question that studios are impacted more than the other unit types, if that answers your question.
John Burkart: Fair enough. We're doing a little bit better, but we're also doing everything we can to figure out the best way to market those units, whether they be as a second office, or whether it be in different discount prices. So, yes, there's a little bit more incremental demand. In context, I would say that it's a balanced picture, because we're working very aggressively to figure out how to market those. And what I would say is, the decline has stopped. There was a noted decline that occurred in the spring on studio, they occupancy. That stopped, it flattened out, and we're now improving a little bit. But again, I think there's other factors involved.
Michael Schall: Yeah, Nick, those are great questions. And I guess I would start with the latter point you made which is the disconnect between public real estate markets and private real estate markets and trying to monetize that difference. And as Angela stated, we paused a bit in the quarter when the COVID cases were increasing. And it's interesting. We think that's just an obvious benefit for operating the machine in forward direction. We are issuing stock and incurring debt and buying property at a positive differential or arbitrage. And we think that that works pretty well in reverse direction as well. So I'd say that is an obvious way to add value, add NAV per share, add FFO share to the company given the current dislocation. I'd also mention that when we look at the amount of job loss we've had, the rent growth, or the rent reductions that we've seen are really I guess, I would say to be expected. And I know everyone is focused on this work from home issue. But if you just look at LA jobs still as of September down 9.6%, San Francisco down 10% and Oakland down 11%and largely driven by things that will - a big portion of them will come back. Like for example, the tourism, restaurants, hotels, the motion picture business in Southern California. Those are the tech industries. But there's nothing fundamentally wrong with them. And I think that most of the rental revenue loss that we've incurred is just a directly attributable to job growth. And so, I think that this will unwind itself and it's already started to unwind itself as Mr. Burkart just outlined in numbers that are slowly getting better or still, I would say in a pretty tough spot with respect to employment, we need that to recover. But the balance sheet is incredibly well positioned. And we do have some ways to add value to the company. And so we see opportunity there. So I guess that's how it answers your question.
Michael Schall: Yeah, hey again, it's a great question, Jeff. Thanks for joining the call. I guess our thesis is that the hybrid model will likely prevail. And many of the jobs that are in the cities require a physical presence, I would make that point, virtually everything that connects with a customer, from hotels, to restaurants, to bars, et cetera, the motion picture industry where it is pretty hard to film without people being present, et cetera. And so, we see that as probably it's too much focus on, let's say, the tech community, and not enough focused on the number of jobs that are required to actually physically be there to do your job. But, I guess, and thinking about this, and in looking at what others have said, it's pretty interesting. There's obviously a big debate out there. And, the Netflix CEO, for example, said, he doesn't see any positives from working from home. And another CEO, the Zillow CEO says, the easy decision - the easy part of the process of working from home is making the decision, the hard part is actually implementing it. And I think what he means by that is, there are some pretty serious issues that come along with work from home, that are going to take a lot of time and effort to work out. And I would mention, let's say potential for less pay to the employees, how does the compensation issue work out. The productivity issues, how do you continue a culture of collaboration and a vibrant culture when people don't see each other? And I think, it's we found we're largely remote at this point in time, we've found that it's pretty difficult to resolve significant business problems where senior executives have different perspectives on things, when in a work from home type of environment, you're much better off together. So, again, we are thinking that the hybrid model is probably be going to be the main path going forward. The hybrid model will have required some tethering to an office at some point in time to try to keep those collaboration and the vibrancy and the culture together. And so, we still see ourselves has been pretty well position. So, someone may not live in a city, let's say, but we'll live somewhere, potentially nearby, certainly within driving distance. And we don't see that as a bad thing. We have properties in fact, most of our properties are actually out in suburbia. And so, we think we're well positioned for that. And by the way, the other key point here is, we're not producing a lot of housing, and there's not going to be a lot of housing produced out there. So already, as John said earlier, already, we're starting to see rents increase now in suburbia as that dynamic plays out. And they're reducing in the cities and the areas that have previously had higher rents. And so, the market is compensating for all of these issues, as it always does and the decision a renter might have made six months ago, can be very different from the decisions that they're making today. So, net-net we think we're very well positioned and again, we have properties throughout these markets and throughout the commutable locations near the job centers, and we think that's still the right strategy.
Michael Schall: Yes, it's - Jeff, it's hard to do. I mean, we in our September presentation, we gave out the dates for office re-openings of some of the top 10 tech companies, but the reality is that they are moving back to some degree, as if there's another phase of or surge of COVID cases, maybe those get pushed back. It appears and looking at, there was a recent Microsoft announcement that gave greater work from home flexibility, etcetera. But I guess, from our perspective, most of the top 10 tech companies have worked via return to work dates out there. And I think that's significant. Because if they were going - all of them were going a 100% work from home as a couple of smaller tech companies are doing, that would be one thing. But most of them have returned to work dates. And even if they get pushed back a little bit, I guess the significance here is, as long as they ultimately are going back to the office as in some way or another, I think that will solidify the connection to the office. And either way, no one's going to pick up the apple spaceship and move it somewhere else. So, it's there for a reason, there are a lot of services there, including daycare and all kinds of things. And it's meant it's there for a reason. And I don't think that that motivation goes away anytime soon. I guess, you're back to the top 10 tech companies in the job outlook, those are data that we take off their websites, and do our own survey, and have tracked what they're doing for many years, because they're so important to our mission. And they, as I said, they're off their peak, which was actually in March of this year by a reasonable amount. I think, looks like somewhere around 27,000 jobs in March open for the top 10 tech companies down to about 17,000 - about 18,000 is the most recent number. And but, now starting to move back in the other direction. So, it looks like that is starting to get better, not worse.
Michael Schall: Yes, Rich. Hey, you know what I got to say, I greatly appreciate the work that Evercore ISI has done on this issue on the COVID tracking, etcetera it's been fantastic. And we all use it. So, thanks for that. I think that California has been super conservative when it comes to dealing with COVID. And as I said in my prepared remark that means that it accomplished two things at once, it really curtailed the number of the case spread throughout California. And at the same time, it muted our recovery very significantly. So, we're now I think, at a place in California where things are actually in pretty good order. Not that it can't change, and I believe that what will happen is the state will be very vigilant in terms of pushing us back into a more restrictive tier if they have to. But I think as we sit here today, I think we're in a better spot than some of the areas that have been more open, and have let their economy flow more freely. So, we'll take this on a day by day basis. But we look - it looks like California and Washington are actually very well positioned. And I don't think that you would see this, with the chart on Page S16, I don't think you would see this pretty significant movement to reopen the economy, if that wasn't the case.
Michael Schall: And hey, John. This is Mike. In our September presentation that's on the internet, there actually is a - there's a chart that describes exactly what John shows you, which is the change in asking rents by Walk Scores on Page 21 of that presentation. So hopefully that'll help. And if you have any follow up questions, give us a call.
Michael Schall: Yeah, let me just add one additional item to that. And that is, normally this time of year, we feel pretty good about giving guidance for the next year. And as john said, we don't this year largely because of the COVID uncertainty or unknowns that we talked about in the opening script. It's just, the world can change so rapidly, and for the better or for the worse and it's not - it's things that are completely outside of our purview of understanding. So, we regret not giving our normal guidance on Page S16 for next year. And but we just can't or they're just too many unknowns. One thing that we're focused on and it's so important on Page S9 of the supplement, our average monthly rental rate is down 40 basis points, and we're trying to hold occupancy, we're trying to hold rate. And if we can do that with, again with jobs still down 8.7% on average, and down 11% in Oakland and 10% in San Francisco, trying to hold rate while we have that much job loss, worse than the financial crisis, I think is an amazing piece. So that's what we're trying to do. And we remain both.
Michael Schall: Hey, John, one quick comment. This is Mike. Just one quick follow up with to what John said. Generally, nothing great happens in the fourth quarter, because hiring which is also affected by COVID. But generally, in Q4, companies just wait until Q1 when they have new budgets and business plans, in order to regain resume hiring activity. So you end up with sort of the worst of both worlds. You end up with less hiring, and of course, the supply deliveries keep coming. So keep in mind that that dynamic is definitely is probably greater this quarter, given the pandemic related issues than it has been in the past. So, really, I think we need to get into the New Year before we have really a great sense of what direction we're going to be going in.
Michael Schall: Yeah, Austin, this is Mike. And John alluded to some of this a minute ago, when he was talking about the October movement of other Northern California markets back into San Francisco and Oakland doubling from the previous numbers. So that definitely there is a there is movement. And largely, it's because of the price differentials. We've discounted now so much in the cities, that they are a relative value compared to the suburban areas. And suburban areas rents is more recently have actually increased, which again, as long as their price differential continues to expand between the cities and the suburban areas, you're going to see more people moving back in. So we think this is just the normal operation of the markets and compensating for find the rent that sells the units in the marketplace. And so, most people don't focus on that relationship of what rents are doing in the suburban markets versus the urban markets, the reality is it very much affects consumer choice. And so now more people are choosing to live in the cities at a lower price point.
Michael Schall: Yeah. If we can come to believe that advocating for good housing policies in California is something that we're going to do, we're going to be activated, we're going to spend a lot of time and some money doing it. We think that overall, it makes sense to do that, because it's pretty hard to find what we have here. The combination of supply constraints and very vibrant businesses that are growing rapidly, and which is really what drives rents. It forms this virtual cycle of rents push up, wages and then wages allow higher rents, and you will find that in very few markets. So, we do have a process involved in our strategic planning activities that look at other markets that are similar to the West Coast. We don't think any of them are quite as good as the West Coast. But we continue to look at it, obviously, we're just interested in one thing, we're interested in adding value for shareholders and growing the company. And so, if we see the right set of conditions, we would be compelled to take a hard look at it.
Michael Schall: Well I guess this is the moment that I would say, I'm glad I'm not an office company, because I agree with what you're saying. Definitely, there's plenty of lease space out there. Although, the vacancy rates that I have don't show huge increases this quarter versus last quarter, but obviously, these things take time to play out. And I guess I'd be cautious to say that, it seems like things are changing rapidly. And, but I still think that we should take some time to wait and see what happens, because, right now, on the work from home thing, again, as noted in the script, it's a pretty much a mandatory thing right now, as opposed to a life's choice that it will be sort of in a post COVID period. So, I think there's a lot of change just being forced upon us. Again, we believe in the hybrid model and we think that that's what will take place going forward. And in fact, we think we'll adopt that model as a company as well, because there are definitely some benefits to it. But at the same time, I'm hyper focused on the culture here and the vibrancy of the company as we all are, everyone in this room is. And, that is critically important to us. I just don't see how you maintain that via whist exclusively and work from home type of format. So, I don't know what's going to happen exactly with these things. But again, I think there's good reason and a lot of issues that need to be resolved on the work from home model, for it to be successful and no doubt there will be some bumps in the road. So, as long as those employees remain within the major metros, I think that we're in good shape. And, they may not we may not get the rent growth in San Francisco, but we will get it out into in the suburban markets. And we'll continue to do pretty well, I think.
Michael Schall: This is Mike. It's hard to tell. I mean, this year given lower revenue, which is not a good thing, we have plenty of room in terms of taxable income to sell some properties and not have a REIT or dividend issue. So, but it will vary from year to year. And they're already given the Prop 13, they're already - it's already a headwind in selling some of our California properties as well. So, it's hard to tell. That's more of a hypothetical question that it depends on the circumstances and what we see going forward. So it's a difficult one to answer.
Michael Schall: Yeah Haendel, it's a good question. Actually there's a bunch of cities that you can put in that category. They're smaller metros; Boise would be another good example. But there are others as well. I guess, from our perspective, we want to see enough liquidity in the market from an investment perspective, enough local buyers and sellers to create a pretty strong market. And that's one of the issues in each of those markets. The other issue is relatively inexpensive, single family homes. And I think everyone should be very careful with this, about this point in the cycle, because we're starting to see rapid increases in single family home prices. And as soon as you get to a level where, it's more attractive to buy a home than it is to rent an apartment, those markets tend to get hit pretty hard. So, this is why the supply constraints we measure very broadly to include how all types of housing and for sale as well as rental housing, because we've learned that lesson before. We were once upon a time in the city of Portland, another good example of this, although it's a bigger metro than Salt Lake City in Boise. But in the city of Portland, we made some investments based on an urban growth boundary that surrounded Portland that limited the amount of housing production. And we exited Portland actually, because they expanded their urban growth boundary to allow for the production of 10,000 single family homes that are relatively inexpensive price, which made our apartments much less attractive in the overall Housing Choice that were available to consumers. So, I hear that, we like those markets are growing very rapidly. There's definitely money to be made, but there's definitely a higher risk associated with them.
Michael Schall: Very good. Thank you, operator. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. Hopefully, we'll have a chance to meet with many of you at the upcoming day week in November. Stay safe out there. Thanks for joining us. Good day.
Haendel St. Juste: Looking on the - sorry one second, Page S8, I'm looking at the non-residential other line items in third quarter $19.8 million versus second quarter of $11.4 million.
Haendel St. Juste: Looking up bottom line, I was just curious if that was something you had readily available, but certainly can follow up if it's going to take a bit more digging? And then…
Haendel St. Juste: Non-residential other income $19.847 million. Right, so, doesn't really look like any other event. We'll do the follow up. Mike, maybe I guess following up on -
Haendel St. Juste: Yeah, thanks for that, Mike. And one final question not to split here, but I guess I'm curious on what you guys are seeing on the demand side for studio apartments? Can you just - given that they tend to be the younger or more nimble renters and as people have fled from the city, certainly in search for more space, curious to how the incremental demand or any pricing power emerging in that part of the portfolio? Thanks.
