Michael T. Dance: Thanks, Erik. Today, I'll provide commentary on our second quarter results and changes to the full year guidance, as well as an update on a select balance sheet item. This quarter's operating results for revenues and expenses outperformed our guidance. These results are consistent with the first quarter, in which results surpassed expectations. As such, we are raising our same property revenue forecast 20 basis points at the midpoint to 6% and same property NOI growth of 20 basis points to 7.2%. Our expense growth remains unchanged at 3% to 4%. Expense growth in the first 6 months of the year was 4.8%, slightly better than our expectation. Expense growth in the second half of the year should be below the full year guidance range since the comparative period in 2012 is more reflective of our operating expense run rate for our portfolio. Of note is that the state of California is on a June 30 fiscal year, and we received Proposition 8 reassessments that are effective as of July 1 late in the third quarter. For the year-to-date expense results, Northern California taxes are up almost 5% over the prior period in 2012 due to the significant Prop. 8 adjustments, which were effective July 1, '12. The expense guidance for '13 assumes another $500,000 increase in property taxes in California from property assessments returning to their higher Proposition 13 assessed values. I'd also like to point out that the lowering of the high end of the range for revenue and NOI guidance is due in part to the success we are achieving with our interior renovations. This year, we are planning on renovating between 1,200 and 1,400 apartment homes, which are achieving impressive returns. However, these renovations take approximately 30 days during which time these apartments are not available for rent. Accordingly, any renovations begun after July will not be able to generate enough incremental revenues in '13 to offset the additional vacancy. Our second half of the year guidance assumes we continue these interior renovations through the fourth quarter, which is expected to increase the '13 rehab vacancy by about 20 basis points for the second half of the year compared to the same period in '12. As previously reported, last year we began liquidating Fund II, which terminates in September 14. To date, 3 properties remain, which are in the midst of being marketed and we anticipate selling them within the next 3 to 6 months. Depending on the timing of these dispositions, we expect to receive promote income of approximately $4 million after all 3 remaining properties sell. From accounting perspective, the Fund II promote income is not recognizable until the last asset in the fund is sold. Accordingly, if any of the Fund II assets sales occur in '14, the '13 total FFO will be at the lower end of the guidance shown on S-14. Postponing the promote income from Fund II into '14 will have a favorable impact on our core FFO guidance, which assumes all the co-investment income from the Fund II assets will cease on September '13. We are raising the midpoint of our core FFO per diluted share by $0.03 to 5 -- to $7.58. The increase is related to higher same property net operating income of $0.06 per share, which is partially offset by $0.02 of lower interest income from the preferred equity investment that was repaid and not part of the guidance and $0.01 of dilution from the disposition of Fund II assets was sold earlier than the September 30 disposition date assumed in our original '13 guidance. On the balance sheet, the notes and other receivables at June 30 stood at $110 million, an increase of nearly $100 million from the first quarter. This increase was the result of advancing our co-investment partnerships funds, which were secured by real property at terms comparable to secured bank loans. In July, Fund II repaid $45 million with proceeds from dispositions and loans totaling $57 million to the Wesco III joint venture, which are secured by recent acquisitions of Regency and Gas Company Lofts will be repaid this month with the proceeds from the permanent secured financings. That ends my comments, and I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Michael T. Dance: We'll see. We had only used it to match fund investments that are accretive to NAV per share, improve the growth rate of the portfolio and improve the cash flows of the company. So we are not going to be issuing equities on cash.
Michael T. Dance: Yes. In the situation you described, when NAV drops below -- or the share price drops below NAV, we're much more likely to want to do our external growth with joint venture partners. And we have a platform that is very successful at changing to that platform at times, so that we're issuing less equity and typically using more leverage and a joint venture partner's equity as well.
Michael T. Dance: Seattle, they tend to do this every 2 or 3 years. So some of this is a catch-up from prior years. And we're appealing them, but until we're successful on the appeal, we pay the property taxes and accrue them accordingly. I think one thing to note, our accounting policy may differ from some of our peers in that when we do have an appeal that relates to prior years, we run that through a non-same-store, so we don't get the lumpiness in our NOI results. So basically, Seattle has a cap on what they can raise in revenue in any one year. So what that means is, apartments have recovered before the other real estate sectors. So we're taking the brunt of it this year. We would expect over time, Seattle would see recovery in the industrial and office space and we would just be paying our fair share rather than more of our fair share of property taxes in King County.
Michael T. Dance: I think it's part rent control policy and then on the total rent side are capitalized into that on the non-rent-control building.
Michael T. Dance: We have it on an annual basis [indiscernible]. You can apply whatever cap rate you want to it, but it's roughly $30 million.
Michael T. Dance: On the dispositions, it's roughly $50 million to $55 million. The IRR really on the dispositions for Fund II ranges from 10% to 15%, that's levered.
Michael T. Dance: There's also complicated REIT laws about -- whether real estate laws is inventory or not and if you sell too many, the IRS may deem it as inventory or not, real estate held for investment.
Michael J. Schall: It's a very good question, and I think I understand the context. However, it's hypothetical and every situation is different. So let me just start by making a broader comment, which is, as a general statement, I believe it is counterproductive to discuss strategic activities on the call. It leads to, I think, lot of possible unintended outcomes. In this case, I'm going to make this one brief statement and then decline further questions. And so that statement is as follows. We are not involved in any way, including any related discussions, with the July 31 letter from Land and Buildings to BRE nor were we involved in the other reference -- the offer referenced in that letter. So hopefully, that will take care of it. Again, Michael, I think every situation is different and there are pros and cons in terms of how these things are viewed strategically and how they play out. And there's great uncertainty as well with respect to what happens because we can't see more than a couple of steps ahead. So I think I'll just leave it at that and not comment on this any further. As you may have noticed, we had a great quarter, and hopefully, we can get some questions about the company and recent activity.
Michael J. Schall: Nick, it remains the same as it was before. We thought that there was a great opportunity to buy condos at apartment prices, something that I've not seen in my career, and I've been here, I think, it's 28 years or something like that. And so it was a very unusual opportunity and so now we're starting to see the median-priced home increase relatively dramatically and we are tracking the differential between condo values and apartment values. As a general statement right now, they're close to parity and that includes not only the condos that we bought in the 2009 to 2011 period, but almost everything that we're building that has a condo map as well. So we've got virtually our entire development pipeline that has condo maps as well. So we're tracking it. At this point in time, we don't see a big premium. The one market that's starting to be very close is San Francisco. But with apartments trading at very attractive cap rates, we don't see a large arbitrage even in that market at this point in time.
Michael J. Schall: You're going to make me go back to my comment about counterproductive to discuss strategic items. I think I can deny that one outright as well.
Michael J. Schall: Well, in this case, there's a number of different things and I don't remember specifically what it is. In general, revenue-generating CapEx is underwriting to somewhere around in the 13% to 15% range, but that's if you exclude deferred maintenance, which inevitably is part of the CapEx spend. And in this case, I think it's somewhere -- it would be all the deferred maintenance gets included in that number as well. So it's probably somewhere in the 8 to 8 plus or minus percent range, which is not dissimilar from our general approach to renovating apartments.
Michael J. Schall: It's in the cap rate, too. We underwrite it as part of the cap rate. In the case of Gas Company Lofts, there are some other opportunities like potentially a rooftop deck and some other things that we think it's an under amenitized building and so we think there's some real value in a couple of things. But I don't have the details exactly, which pieces account for what. But as a general statement, it follows our overall approach to rent -- redevelopment, which is in that 8% to 10% on everything, which includes some deferred maintenance fees.
Michael J. Schall: Well, maybe I'll start with some comments on rent to median income. In San Francisco, in that period of time you're referring to, the late '90s and 2000, 2001, our rent to median income was above 30% in San Francisco, it's about 25% currently, and that's the highest in the Essex portfolio. And so, we don't think that it's at the same level that you saw in that period of time, the dotcom boom and over that period. Now rents went up 40% in 2 to 3 years during that period of time. So we really haven't seen that kind of rent growth. And then of course, it came right back down. So I don't think it's the same as that period of time. And I think that, as I said on the call, that the rent to median income, in general, look like they're in the band of plus or minus 10% from the long-term historical averages. So we don't see that as much of a problem at this point in time. Then finally, the relationship between what's happening with personal income growth, which hopefully will become household incomes. When you're growing those numbers in the 3% to 4% range, which we are and a little bit more in some of the submarkets, it's not going to push that rent-to-median income ratio that quickly. And therefore, I see more sustainability there as well.
Michael J. Schall: David, yes. Good question. It's a question that is being debated by our board, but I think we've taken several steps toward answering that. And the primary step is to extend maturities and in effect lock in some very favorable rates for as long as we can. And the significance of that is that, that allows us time to transition from the market that we're in into markets that may be not as favorable as the current one. I would also say or suggest that if that happens, if interest rates go up, we would certainly hope that we would have a more positive economic backdrop in terms of higher GDP growth rates, higher job growth and less unemployment. And so I'm not sure that even increasing interest rates at some not too extreme level would be beneficial, net-net, for the company. But I think in terms of our planning, it really leads to longer maturities and less debt ultimately. And I think you've started to see over the last couple of years us move in that direction. Our last bond deal was a 10-year deal and we're going to try to focus on that going forward, which, again, provides plenty of opportunity to transition into a different type of market.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, I think I made comments on the prior calls that, in general, we're going to try to hit the bottom end of the cycle very aggressively on the development side and then tail off as we get into mid-cycle. And clearly, I think that we've done that as well. And so, development is something that we're essentially committing to a cap rate today and matching it with funds that we're going to generate or raise a couple of years down the road. And so we want to make sure that we have plenty of room for markets that change in that case as well. We had -- we'd announced in the quarter the Downtown San Jose 1 South Market development deal, which we're very excited about and it's interesting that some people look at downtown San Jose and say that's a less desirable area. From our perspective, we see this movement toward urbanization really and throughout the United States, but certainly here on the West Coast, as being something that's important to us. And we think that, the right urban hubs are going to generate higher rents ultimately. And so we look at it much like we did Los Angeles, Downtown Los Angeles where in the worst case scenario kind of continues down the same path, which is a market performed in a scenario where it transitions to something more like a 24-hour city, certainly as L.A. has, it becomes much more exciting than that. And so that was the thought process behind 1 South market.
Michael J. Schall: 3,500 units get delivered and then it drops off significantly in that submarket. But I think that the move will be toward about a 20% reduction in '14, '15 in Northern California. And then Southern California, we see -- we just don't see supply being a huge issue there. And again, we see Southern California essentially staying at a very muted level for the next several years, although there are some pockets where supply can be an issue. So I'm making a broader statement. Even though within a local pocket, there could be some issue and what -- Woodland Hills comes to mind. The Warner Center area has a couple of lease-ups that are essentially changing. And San Diego has something similar. But -- so that's the multi-family side. On the single-family side, again, Seattle continuing to produce pretty significant amounts of single-family for-sale housing but muted throughout the rest of the West Coast. And the discussion that I just had about condos and the relationship between apartment values and condo values and the absence of a premium on that condo value side is, I think, what is the limiting factor when it comes to the for-sale development. Again, if you -- I mentioned there was somewhere in the 20% to 35% median household or median priced home growth. Obviously, if that happens again, then I think we're going to start seeing condo development because that will create that premium that we're referring to, that is necessary for condo development. And John -- I just asked John this question yesterday and again he can comment if he wants to, to what extent are you seeing condos compete with our apartment sites? And his answer was just on a very limited basis, but we're really not seeing some lower density types of transactions in San Francisco there to be able to build those condos. We are not seeing that strong competition yield for our apartment sites by the condo developers. We view that as a good thing. So I think that there's a number of factors that are causing this limitation in supply. And we don't see it changing or we don't see it certainly going against us over the next couple of years.
Michael J. Schall: We have not really changed our underwriting standards. So we measured on stabilization somewhere in the 6.5% range, again depending upon market rent growths. And underwritten today based on rents in place today is somewhere in the mid-5s.
Michael J. Schall: Seems like it. Alex, we were surprised as well because we had assumed that we knew we had big valuation increases, but we were surprised that they increased 1 milligrade in Seattle and, yes, 20-something percent increase in property tax is a tough hit.
Michael J. Schall: We see any housing development as a threat. I mean, we believe that we take, on the one hand, household formation; on the other hand, total number of units that are being built, whether they are condos or single family or apartments, and we try to look for where the greatest imbalance is. And the other piece of it is that we are located in areas with very expensive for-sale housing. In San Francisco, I think the median priced home is somewhere -- median priced condo is about $850,000. And therefore, that transition from a apartment renter to a homeowner is just not an easy one. Especially on the condo side, you certainly have monthly dues that are pretty significant, which take away some of that perceived benefit that you're talking about given low interest rates.
Michael J. Schall: Yes. This is Mike. I think that if the rental pool is very dynamic and depending upon who you are within the rental pool, you're going to have a set of decisions about where you're going to invest in housing. And so those relationships change every single day. And let's take the world as it is today, which is there are more have than have-nots in the, I'd say, in the economy that we've had before. Therefore, there's a growing disparity. There are some tech workers that are getting very high increases in compensation and then there is a group of people that are getting 2% to 4% if they're lucky. And obviously, those 2 groups are going to act -- react much differently. One of the group, the first group, is going to be the renters in the South of Market Street in San Francisco, the very expensive areas, the areas that are -- that everyone would desire, let's say. It would be their first choice in housing and where the greatest demand rests. However, people that can afford that have to make another choice and if we've given them now 3 10% rent bumps, that -- if we give them 3 10% rent bumps to someone that's gotten 2% to 3% compensation increases, which I guarantee has happened out there at some level, they're really forced to make another housing decision, which is exactly what we would expect to happen. And the East Bay will be a logical place to go because it's -- there are still very good markets within the East Bay and they're not as expensive as some of the better locations. And so, again, I think you have sort of a bifurcation between the people that can afford, the best locations and the best properties and those that cannot. And as rents go higher, there are going to be more and more people to fall into that latter category and are going to be forced into other locations and other housing decisions. I go back to -- we're talking earlier about the 1999 to 2001 period, essentially, the entire Bay Area, the interesting part was the entire Bay Area was 98% occupied. So that led the job growth and demand for housing outstripped supply by such a large amount that essentially the whole Bay Area filled up. So we're not at that point, but we're certainly going down that road.
Michael J. Schall: Good question, Dave. I think it's pretty broad based. And again, I think it's driven more by who your buyer is than the category, which I think the institutional quality property is going to be generally focused on the better areas. So no, I think it's actually pretty broad based. This is within our footprint. And again, we've got a fair -- pretty significant amount of property that we've marketed in the last 90 to 180 days. And therefore, it's essentially drawing conclusions from that experience.
Michael J. Schall: Again, we think mostly it's seasonal, but again, it was bigger than is normally part of that seasonal adjustment. So we're concerned that some part of it is structural and we're concerned that some part of the entertainment industry goes to another state or another area. We just don't know.
Michael J. Schall: No, it's not accurate. I mean, they're both California propositions affecting property taxes. And what happens is everyone is subject to Prop. 13, which locks in...
Michael J. Schall: Okay. And then so what happens is, you will create a line for property tax that starts with 1% of assessed value plus a couple of add-ons and gross of 2%. If the value of the property goes down in value, you will get a onetime only adjustment under Prop. 8, give you some relief in property taxes. And when that recovers, which is what's happening now, you'll go back to the Prop. 13 trend line.
Michael J. Schall: No, really not. That's what we're trying to do, is give you some idea of where we've come from and so we're doing that on essentially the same property-type of basis. So yes, there's quite a bit variation within that, yes, because certain areas are up more than others. But no, it's intended to be same property.
Michael J. Schall: Always. The buyer always considers Prop. 13. If this is going back to a merger context, then you have the Avalon and Bay situation where they merged into Bay to avoid the Prop. 13 adjustments on the Bay portfolio.
Michael J. Schall: Mike, I think it's too early to tell exactly what's going to happen. There's this -- whenever conditions change in the marketplace, there's this period of time where things just need to settle out. So I'm not sure that cap rates have settled out nor am I sure that other opportunities have necessarily presented themselves. We're continuing to look for preferred equity-type of transactions and I think we'll have some success. It's hard to tell whether that's attributable to the rate environment or just other things.
Michael J. Schall: I think I have 2 answers. One is long term and the other one is short term. And for the long term, I would pick the more urban locations. Again, you're having cities that are incentivizing the more urban locations relative to planned transit improvements and other infrastructure. And so there's a whole part of how the West Coast is developing, that it's going to, I think, urbanize or continue to urbanize the West Coast. Throughout of, an example, BART is now expanding into San Jose, and well, BART has gone as far south as on the east side as Fremont. And so, that represents really a major accomplishment and will intimately connect to the Caltrain, which goes back up to San Francisco. So trying to understand where the opportunities are going to be and where the best growth is. I think it's going to be urban. Having said that, in the short term, because of the phenomena that I was mentioning earlier where people are getting priced out of the best locations, you may see the secondary areas actually outperform the core areas and we're starting to see that, to some extent, with respect to the East Bay relative to San Francisco and other areas because again some people are getting priced out of the better markets and they're going to find other good, still good, apartment or homes in other locations that are not considered quite as attractive.
Michael J. Schall: Wow, that's a great big picture question. I would say about the same. I think you had a period of hyper growth in the '90s and then you had a decade of fairly tough conditions from 2001 to '11, let's say. So I think if you were going to handicap it, it would be somewhere in that same result, which means that because you have affordability is probably the key consideration and other housing choices, those would be the 2 key considerations, I think that, that means that we expect personal income and household incomes to grow at about the same rate because you can't push it too far. And we expect also that housing scarcity or we're going to continue to essentially not produce enough housing in these markets pretty consistent with the last 15 years with the exception of that, that notable exception, of the 2006, 2008 period, where we were producing lots of housing.
Michael J. Schall: Well, it's interesting because as a fund investor, we are pretty focused on IRR, and specifically levered IRR, so we're I think most of our acquisitions are in the 8% to 9% unlevered. And if we can find a value-add piece that will push us a little higher, all the better, which takes us to about somewhere in the 12% to 13% levered IRR range. On balance sheet, we really don't pay that much attention to IRRs because we're really trying to benchmark, improving the company on a per-share basis, so it's very tied to how we view the stock. So if I go back to Q2, we didn't issue stock and we used the JV because, A, we think we can generate a little bit higher levered return, but B, we just didn't want to issue the stock at that price. So we're really trying to look at whether we can -- how we add value on a per-share basis, we're using the stock we're using our co-investment partnerships.
Michael J. Schall: Exactly. I agree with you. But I think we haven't bought -- we're building those A properties in A locations. We can't buy them. I agree with you. We would struggle with buying A properties in A locations. Again, we try to find -- I think the average cap rate of what we bought over the last couple of years as somewhere, and I don't think cap rates have changed all that much, but it's somewhere in the plus or minus 4.75% range. And then the reversionary cap rate, we have not -- I mean, I understand from an IRR standpoint you have to use that. But again, if you're using your own stock, you're going to have the same reversionary issue whether or not you buy a building because it's going to ultimately affect the value of the company. So hopefully -- does that help? Does that answer the question? We haven't bought -- we don't buy at full cap. Deals can't make them work.
Michael J. Schall: Good question, Paula. I can't -- I don't know. I don't have the sense that we were significantly affected by the BART strike here, primarily because Palo Alto is on the Peninsula and the Peninsula is not -- BART says it goes as far as south as SFO. So the significance is really on the other side of the bay for Fremont, going into downtown San Jose and connecting with the Caltrain that would make it possible to get to Palo Alto from Fremont. But at this point in time on, it's not possible. So I think that the impact was muted and as it relates to the Essex personnel. And I think as a general statement, given the congestion on the roads out here that as a general statement, the BART strike makes things a lot more difficult to get to places. I think as a broader statement, it has a big impact.
Michael J. Schall: A couple of things. I think the risk associated with the redevelopment program is entirely different. So we do not look at that as being significantly -- we don't view it as being the same. So we've talked about development in the up to 10% of capital, our share, most of the development is in a co-investment type of vehicle. And -- but even with respect to development, once we're in the ground with a good contractor and a G-Max type of contract, I mean, our risk goes way down at that point in time. We have the capital risk, which is probably our principal risk that we're concerned about because again development is committing to a cap rate today but not having the certainty of your cost of capital locked down unless you want to pre-fund it, which is expensive. So if that's the key risk that we're focused on and the closer we get to delivery of existing deals and other things happening, the more willing we are to look at new transactions. So it's not just simply how much, it's really where are things, looking at the transactions individually and trying to make good risk-reward decisions as it relates to development.
Michael J. Schall: Redevelopment, in my view, since it's so short term in nature in terms of most of the impacts, I just -- I don't view it as -- we can fund it easily off of our line. We only spend $30 million to $40 million a year in total in the redevelopment process. The returns are the highest as it relates to, again, as I said earlier, cash and cash returns on invested dollars is somewhere in the 8% to 10% range net-net. So we just don't see the risk associated with the redevelopment as being significant. And therefore, we're going to do as much as we can as long as the demand for upgraded units and better amenities and that type of thing are there.
Michael J. Schall: Yes. The board is comfortable with 10% as the enterprise value, which is again, that's their part of the decision.
Michael J. Schall: It is more difficult, we've said that for the last for several quarters. And if you look at our current pipeline, all but one -- the 1 South Market deal were announced basically 1 year or more ago, in 2011, early '12. So you can see the amount of volume has gone down significantly. And the timing of it, we're in the somewhere between second and third base on deliveries. So we're not at the early -- at the late stage of jumping in. We're kind of at the late stage of completing the pipeline. And what we see in general is it's harder and harder to find deals that we like that make sense in pencil and we think the volume is going to go down over the next several quarters. I don't know if that answers your question, but timing-wise, we were early in, it's harder and harder to make deals at the current prices.
Michael J. Schall: Haendel, we actually have considered that and we are looking at a couple of different programs. One is a preferred equity-type of program focused on development and that would be priced in the -- around 10% type of range. And we look at a couple of other options, including JVs and even JVs that involve a preferred equity piece. So we have a number of different approaches to it. But I think the point John was making is that even with those things, we're further along in the cycle and so we are cautious with respect to the development commitments. And I think that, that is going to be the way it is for the next couple of years.
Michael J. Schall: The challenges are having assets scattered in lots of different places. And just the asset management challenges. It's really a CapEx and a maintenance and repair type of issue, I think, from our perspective.
Michael J. Schall: Great. Thank you. In closing, we just want to thank you once again for joining the call. We appreciate your interest in the company, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thanks, again.
