Michael T. Dance: Thanks, Erik. Today, I will provide some color to the assumptions behind our 2014 guidance. Then provide a brief update on the proposed merger with BRE. For more details on our guidance assumptions, please read Page 6 of the press release. And on S-14 of the supplemental package, we have provided a detailed roadmap, how these assumptions are expected to impact our 2014 financial results. The assumptions and projections are for Essex on a stand-alone basis and exclude any impact from the proposed BRE transaction and the merger-related costs associated with the deal. For 2014, we expect consolidated same-property net operating income to grow by 6.5% at the mid-point, driven by a 5.6% increase in same-property revenues. The 2014 same-property portfolio will increase by over 2,000 apartment homes and will exclude the 6 properties that were acquired in 2013 and those undergoing major redevelopments. We expect our same-property operating expenses to increase 3.5% at the midpoint. The biggest factor driving our expense growth is higher property taxes. Our budget assumes property tax increases by $3.7 million or 7%. This tax increase relates to higher assessed values in Seattle, which are 18% higher than last year's assessed value. In California, we still had favorable Prop 8 adjustments in 2013, totaling $1.2 million in tax savings. And we expect $600,000 of additional California property taxes in the second half of 2014 as a result of losing these Prop 8 savings on July 1. The controllable expenses for the same-property portfolio are expected to grow by less than 2%. Now, I'll provide an update on the proposed BRE merger. Assuming the merger closes in March, we expect a benefit from the operating efficiencies of adopting the best practices that Mike outlined in his prepared remarks after a 6-month integration period. The operating platform accretion will begin to add accretion to our 2014 core FFO guidance in Q4, and continuing in to 2015. In connection with our financing plans for the cash component of the proposed merger, we expanded our unsecured credit facility from $600 million to $1 billion at the end of January, and added an accordion feature pursuant to which we have the flexibility to expand to $1.5 billion. We reduced the pricing on the expanded facility by 12.5 basis points to 95 basis points over LIBOR. In addition, we renegotiated the pricing on our $350 million term loan reducing the spread over LIBOR by 15 basis points. We believe, this demonstrates some of the initial costs of capital advantages we can achieve with the larger platform. At the closing of the merger, the net debt-to-EBITDA of the combined company will increase by one turn as the result of creating a joint venture which will form the cash component of the deal. At this time, we do not expect to use the $1 billion bridge loan to close the merger. We expect the debt-to-EBITDA ratio will return to approximately 7x in the first half of 2015 to grow the net operating income and stabilizing the development pipelines of both companies. As a result, after the merger, we will maintain the strength of our balance sheet and will be opportunistic when considering alternative sources of capital, including asset sales, additional joint ventures, unsecured debt and common equity to finance the buildout of the development pipeline. As disclosed in our press release, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter dividend of $1.21 per share to shareholders of record on March 14. The timing of the first quarter dividend is coordinated with BRE's first quarter dividend pursuant to the merger agreement. The board will review any increase to the annual dividend during its February board meeting, and an increase, if any, approved by the board will be effective for the second quarter dividend payment. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Michael T. Dance: It's Mike. I think I need to steer clear of that question. I was expecting that someone would ask hypothetical, just general merger related questions, how do we look at things, et cetera, et cetera, which we maybe can venture down that road, but I think anything is related to this merger, we've been told by our attorneys that we are not allowed to discuss [indiscernible].
Michael T. Dance: Very slightly, but not much. This is Mike Dance. Good question on the CapEx. They are spending very similar amounts for door. So I don't -- of the recurring CapEx, I don't see that changing. And then on a combined basis, the timing of it is a little bit different. Some of their properties are in front of ours and some are behind. So we're not seeing a major change in our results as -- from bringing that on. They do, do some things like straight-lining concessions. We'll probably adopt that accounting policy, that's GAAP. There'll be things like that, that -- we look at accounting practices about companies and pick the practices that are mostly corporate or aligned to GAAP as a part of this process.
Michael T. Dance: Yes, that's correct. So we'll start adopting, that's GAAP, we have that on our list of things that we monitor from a GAAP versus a non-GAAP compliance standpoint. So that is something that we're likely to adopt. As part of the processes that Mike reviewed, we're also going to be reviewing your best practices in accounting policies.
Michael T. Dance: Yes, in terms of where the stock is trading at today, we believe that the co-investment joint venture capital is more attractive. And so we would gravitate there as opposed to issuing more stock and you're right, the stock issuances were at a higher price, which -- that's what we're trying to do. We believe that tracking the different sources of capital, which would include dispositions, JV capital or on balance sheet capital, is sort of fundamental to making money in the business, and those relationships are constantly changing. And so our model for how to acquire is constantly changing depending upon those variables.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. The main rationale is just trying to find the right source for putting capital to work. We tend to be very focused in terms of what we buy or what we build. Therefore, we don't have a large portfolio of assets that we want to dispose of as a general statement. And so we're looking for arbitrage. We're looking for, if we sell these assets, what we do with the money, what's the best source of funding the development pipeline and a variety of things. And we will be become more aggressive at selling assets when that becomes the most favorable source of capital to fund other future activities.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. Certainly, we expect to continue with business as usual throughout our portfolio. So we don't expect a drop off. Obviously, we haven't been through this process before. And so there's a certain amount of uncertainty there. But all of us are confident that we will be able to work together to basically continue the business as it's run now. I think, one key factor here is that we are so similar as to geography, as to staffing ratios, as to a lot of the systems and processes that I think it's going to perhaps make this a little bit easier to integrate relative to some of other transactions you are referring to.
Michael J. Schall: Once again it's Mike Schall commenting. I think it's very similar. We made that comment before, that more than half of BRE's communities are located within 2 miles of an Essex community. And so we think that there are a number of positive things that can happen as a result of that, which I outlined on my comments.
Michael J. Schall: It's tough for me to talk about any Essex/BRE type of activity because again our advice is that if it is in the S-4, it's important to put it in the S-4 and everything in the S-4, basically represents the bounds of which we can talk about. So if you want to talk more generically, just talk more generically about the competition in the marketplace between us and someone else [indiscernible].
Michael J. Schall: Okay, let me take a step back because I think, the point -- one of the points in my prepared remarks was intended to address this, that every competitor within the marketplace has a different view of the world. The price optimizer software is a generic statement, approaches it in a number of ways, but there's 100 switches or 1000 switches within that, that allow you to customize how you look at things. Different companies pursue marketing in a variety of different ways and a lot of that is becoming much more sophisticated over time. I think back of 20 years ago when it was a mom-and-a-pop that we're operating a lot of these buildings and it is really very sophisticated set of circumstances now. So everyone is different. And really what our objective is, and I think that the -- yes, this is both generic and very real within the marketplace, is to try to find the right balance of different marketing programs. I know that we excel, for example, at Craigslist. Others excel at other things. Mobile is becoming more important as time goes on and the technology surrounding the web and drawing traffic through the web is changing dramatically. And so our view is that you need to have some scale here to make the investments that you need to make, in order to maximize that marketing effort and the traffic to your buildings. So going back to the original premise, if you are larger organization and you can make the right investments, I think you can draw traffic that some of the smaller organizations that can't afford to make the investments might have. And I think that the other piece of this is, what impact does that have on future investments? Well, our hope here is that the -- on the merger-related call I talked about a 30 basis point sort of average accretion number over our cost of funds. Well, the hope is that if we can drive down our cost that -- between the cost reduction and cost to capital reductions that we can be more competitive with respect to transactions and actually generate more accretion from the investments that we make going forward. So that's the big picture philosophy.
Michael J. Schall: I can't -- let's see, how do I answer this? You may want to look at some of the 8-K filings that the BRE has made and that will give you some idea.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. Actually, we think that we are very similarly located in Seattle as well. I would agree with you that the downtown has most of the development, and therefore, it has most of the supply coming onto the market, and it will be most affected by that new supply. So in another words, our belief is that the east side and the area surrounding Seattle, the suburban markets will outperform for the next couple of years the downtown. Overall, I think that everything I said earlier about the physical locations, they are very similar. We have significant exposure in the downtown urban market. We also have a significant exposure in the suburban markets. We don't view it as much different.
Michael J. Schall: Maybe a little bit more, but again, looking at the broader portfolios, we think they are pretty similar.
Michael J. Schall: Mike, this is Mike Schall again. No, I don't think so. In fact, I think, cap rates for the most part have remained within a pretty narrow band over the last year. And I'd say that maybe there is -- there are fewer institutions than maybe there were a year ago that are interested in JV activity, but I don't think the thresholds have changed materially.
Michael J. Schall: Brian, this is Mike Schall. There are deals that are similar to that. I'm not sure that those will be the ones that we are able to do this year. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we will have a Southern California bias this year, and we will try to pick the best funding mechanism for the deal, but I'd say, if anything, it's a Southern California focus and we do run across transactions that were recently developed by someone and they need to be -- they need liquidity and it becomes a great opportunity for us. And in fact, in San Diego, we announced the acquisition of Domain, which is exactly that -- a brand new property, condo-mapped, solid market and a price that we thought was attractive to us. So we continue to see that. I'm not sure how much of that will be -- will represent our $400 million plus or minus in acquisitions this year. I hope it's a lot.
Michael J. Schall: Again, this is Mike Schall commenting. Our belief is, if you look at the relative relationships from this point going forward, that Southern California is still attractive. If you look at the cost per unit, their relationship between rents in those marketplaces versus the pretty incredible rents that we've seen in the north, we think that there will be an opportunity over the next couple of years to -- for Southern California to do better. We think that Northern California and Seattle, depending upon what happens with the tech world, there will be some deceleration and -- but we also recognize that if tech continues to be as robust as it has been, it still -- we still don't want to discount the possibility that the boom in Northern California and Seattle will continue for several more years. So we're trying to play the best of both worlds. Our overall belief is from a -- just a pure value basis, Southern California represents a better value. And therefore, we will likely focus more of our acquisition time and effort and, ultimately, development on Southern California, all things being equal.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall commenting on this. Really, it's been quiet on the rent control front. And we've done, as I've reported in the past, some things to work with some of the local government entities, the California Apartment Association and a variety of other groups, to try to mediate issues that may come up from time to time. So all is quiet on the rent control front at this point.
Michael J. Schall: No, I would say that it's an issue everywhere in California. Wherever rents are high and housing values are high, and therefore, choice of housing with respect to housing is limited, I think that the political environment is to be -- something that we should be concerned about.
Michael J. Schall: Actually, I will answer that. This is Mike Schall again. We've actually been able to continue, I think, business as usual on the investment side reasonably well through this period of time. I know that we, even though we are -- our 2014 starts will be limited, we have been active in terms of looking at future development sites. And in fact, during the last couple of months, we have committed to pretty significant development on the Peninsula. So we have not abandoned our existing external activities at all from my perspective. Practically speaking, we're all working a lot harder and a lot more hours, I'll give you that. But I think that we're -- yes, we're pretty excited about the opportunities both because this gives us a variety of other portfolio management opportunities, but at the same time, I think with can still remain active in the marketplaces looking at new opportunities. So I don't think it's been a big cost at this point.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. Our belief has not changed from many years. And our belief is that when the economy goes south, people make a more conservative choice which -- and as things pick up, they decide to be less conservative and they rent more A-quality-type units. So we think that, that has mostly played itself out, and we think that the Bs represent the value proposition within the apartment space, and ultimately will -- they have a strong position in all markets. So we still believe that well-located B property is -- will represent most of what the company will focus on, and it will from time to time focus on As, principally through development, and we think that, that's an attractive mix.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike again, Haendel. We have not -- we did not discuss that. I don't think cap rates have changed materially over the last year. I think that A quality product in very solid markets is still in the 4 to 4.25 cap rate range. And B, well-located B quality property are in the 4.75-plus or minus cap rate range, and then lesser quality, lesser locations are above that.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. At the Investor Day discussion, we talked about looking at the portfolio really in 3 components. The -- sort of the irreplaceable component, others call that gold. We have variety of different ways to refer to this. Then we have the middle category, which is we call it tradable at a price. And we have then the final piece, which is, we need to sell these assets eventually. It doesn't mean we are necessarily going to sell them any time in the near future. And we continue to look at the company the same way, whether or not we're a bigger portfolio. And so we're going to look at those components. Roughly, say, 40% to 45% we think is irreplaceable and around 40% is tradable. So we will look at the portfolio irrespective of whether it was an Essex asset or a BRE asset or any other asset with the one difference that Prop 13 is a material consideration in all transactions that we look at. So I don't think it changes how we'd look at world at all. We've talked about -- and again, at the Investor Day, we talked about the possibility of additional joint ventures as it relates to the well-located properties that are maybe a little bit higher cap rate assets. And we'll continue to look at that. But I wouldn't expect any dramatic change. We're not going to go out and joint venture a huge part of the company by any means. And we're just trying to look at what the right portfolio of management is. It will be applied to both companies.
Michael J. Schall: I don't think that the technology provider is really the key to that. I think the key is, what I refer to in the first of the 5 points that become priorities going forward, is reconciling the entire process from what is the desired availability level at different points throughout the year; what are -- what's the relation between traffic and the number of units that you have net to lease; and therefore, what is the right renewal process. So it's really a holistic approach to all the components. And I think that the technology is more the delivery mechanism than it is the strategy. Again, there's 1,000 switches within both and you can customize whatever you want out of them. So I don't think -- I think the technology organizes the data and allows a good conversation between the price-optimizing people and the people that are active in the local marketplace and the people that are meeting with the customer. But it don't think it's in and of itself that's where the key is.
Michael J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. I think we'll both agree that we have greater confidence in the year that's right before us than we do in the out year. So if you get further away from those numbers, that -- some changes could happen, and we're not sure what to expect. We presented a scenario at the Investor Day that if we end up getting decent but not great GDP growth and decent but not great job growth, that we could sustain somewhere in that 4% to 6% range throughout that period of time. Part of that belief is based on the relatively good recent outcome and information with respect to income growth and rent to median income, which we view as a core metric. So I think that if we get the same growth that we had in 2013, that we believe continues into 2014, if we continue to see those same relationships, I don't see anything on the supply side that's going to interrupt that. I would expect a similar year in 2015, if that all happens. But remember, I mean, we have less confidence as we get further out from 2014.
Michael J. Schall: Thank you, operator. In closing, we'd like to thank you for joining the call and appreciate your interest in the company. We expect to have a busy and yet rewarding 2014. And we look forward to the closing of the merger in our call with you next quarter. Thanks again. Good day.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. It's a range across the portfolio similar to what we experienced in 2013. So I would say, then that goes from the high 95s to the mid 96.5 depending on submarket.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. I think there has been some pickup in Southern California in areas, and I didn't comment on San Diego. But we've seen some improvements there as well and spots in Los Angeles. I think it's -- we've always done is tied this to what our economic forecast is or the jobs picture and so, until we see that sustain in the meaningful way. I think it's hard to be too bullish, so we have seen that before where we've have had spurts of -- we think that it has taken off and then it sort of flattens out. So we will see, but right now, we're feeling pretty good.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. I don't know that it changes the way that we manage, other than using the tools that we have developed through resource management, which focuses on consumption. So where we have opportunities to reduce irrigation, for example, we're going to continue to do that. Something like a drought, if there were things put in place that made it more difficult to use or access water, or it costs more, maybe we would do some improvements, capital improvements, consistent with what we've done before. As to investment, I don't think it plays a role in what we are looking at.
Erik J. Alexander: I wouldn't be at all shocked if there are head picks again in San Diego. I think I've ranked the -- those areas in Southern California before about expectations for growth and San Diego was either third or fourth in the comparison. I still like Orange County and Los Angeles the best. Ventura seems to be more stable and growing as of late. We've had good results in the last couple of months in San Diego. But we're going to need continued job growth there that is helpful to maintaining occupancies and lowering availability and driving price. So again, we like San Diego. We've seen some good months. But I'm going to wait to see some more months before I get too excited.
