Angela Kleiman: Thanks, John. Today I will comment on our second quarter results, the state of our balance sheet, and the updated full year guidance. Once again, our core FFO per share for the quarter exceeded the mid-point of guidance by $0.08, although $0.04 of the out-performance primarily related to property tax refunds and timing of expenses. The remaining $0.04 was driven by stronger than anticipated operations, capital, and investment decisions, which benefited the bottom line. In addition, our total FFO for the quarter was actually higher than core FFO per share by $0.07. This was primarily attributed to successful insurance recoveries for lost rents, due to the MB360 fire, which occurred prior to the BRE merger. As for our balance sheet, during the quarter we issued $450 million of 10-year unsecured bonds at a coupon of 3-3/8%, and retired our Series-H preferred stock. Our only remaining debt maturity this year is a $200 million term loan due in November, which we plan to refinance with a new five-year unsecured term loan, and we expect to obtain a more attractive pricing than the current 2.4%. So far this year, we have funded our development equity needs with disposition proceeds, and have not issued any common equity. Currently, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is inside of our target range, and we are comfortable with this ratio resting in the high fives, as this range has proven to have successfully weathered the great recession. With our $1 billion revolver undrawn, a strong balance sheet, and numerous sources of equity and debt capital, we continue to be well positioned for future growth. Turning to our revised guidance for the full year, as Mike commented, even though northern California is facing headwinds this year, we still expect the region to perform well relative to the nation, and produced over 7% same property revenue growth. However, the lumpiness of supply deliveries in northern California, coupled with lower job growth in the region, will impact our full year same-store rent growth. Therefore, we have tightened our range and lowered the mid-point. Our expense growth assumptions remain unchanged at 3.8%. The resulting expected NOI growth is now 8.1% at the mid-point, which remains within the guidance range provided at the beginning of 2016. From an FFO perspective, the projected reduction to same property growth rate is approximately $0.05 per share to the full year core FFO; but due to favorable year-to-date results which have exceeded our original forecast and accretive capital markets and investment transactions completed so far, we are able to raise our full year core FFO mid-point by $0.06 per share to $10.98. For 2016, we are projecting core FFO growth of 12%, which represents our sixth consecutive year of double-digit growth. Thank you. And I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, happy too. So we beat by $0.08 last quarter and by $0.08 this quarter so that gets you to the $0.16 right. And we raised by $0.06 for the year, so the remaining $0.10 is really the breakout so $0.05 of that $0.10 is timing related, so these are G&A items and other items that will spend in the second half of the year and $0.05 were really more of the -- by the way I am only talking same-store just that we're clear and the other $0.05 were the really more of the onetime spend. So it's a $0.05 with the lower same-store growth so that's the other $0.05.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, so Northern California is somewhere around 7 little over 7, but I'll just talk about the midpoint, so Southern California up slightly of the midpoint around 5.9 and then Seattle is up from the original midpoint by about higher 20 basis points, so closer to somewhere else 7.7 range. But I'll get you to the math.
Angela Kleiman: Well, so you're right about Northern California I mean the second half to get the midpoint is around -- we've to list exist kind of half, but it's difficult to just interpolate that to 2017, so we do know the supply is going to be lower. But we still have to look at what our job growth expectations are and we're still evaluating that.
Michael Schall: Hi, Austin, it's Mike. It's interesting, when we talk about how unusual this has played out this year, it almost means that we have to determine whether it's a one-time occurrence, or if this is part of trends going either direction, both in northern California and Seattle. And the answer to that is it's I think unknowable. And it becomes one of the things that we're very focused on trying to figure out. But I think the expectation would be, well, let's go back to where we started the year. We started the year with the expectation that Seattle would have continued good job growth. And because of the supply, there would be pressure on rents. I think we started the year with a rent growth expectation of around 4.9%. So what happened is we got the supply, but we dramatically exceeded the job growth, as noted in my comments. I suspect that some of those conditions will even out. Again, I've been here for 30 years, just had my 30th anniversary here at Essex, and I've never seen this divergence. An so I would say two things. One, we don't know. Two, we suspect that we will see a more normal balance, more consistent with 29 of the 30 years I've been here. And Number three, we're going to be studying it to try and determine what we think the longer-term trends might be. Does that make sense? So the answer is we don't know.
Michael Schall: I'm not sure exactly what we're talking about, but I think that we are seeing -- but we saw the concentration of supply. Are you talking northern California? Let me just try to be clear.
Michael Schall: Yes, Northern California, part of the issue was that 70% of the supply in San Jose and San Francisco hit in Q2 and Q3. We've had some slow down in jobs. Again, I suspect that will work it-self out. The supply picture is declining, fortunately, next year. So I think we start seeing a little bit better pricing environment beginning in the fourth quarter of this year.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. We have not seen changes in cap rates, and I think you've got, as I tried to comment in my prepared remarks, you have two forces. I think on the one hand, you have lower growth rates. Although, to put that in perspective, the growth rates that we saw over the last four or five years are extraordinary in northern California. So I don't think that most of the private investors that were buying property in northern California had the expectation of the rent growth they got over the last several years. So, I think the growth that we got over the last several years was an anomaly, not a normal thing. And I don't think again that most buyers have that expectation. Having said that, as it relates to the longer-term picture, the private markets tend to be long-term oriented in terms of making these investments. And I think they still see northern California as one of the strongest long-term CAGRs of rent growth generators that there is in the United States. And so they know that, and they play a long-term game. And so I don't think that the attractiveness in the investment markets of property in northern California has changed very much. And then finally, the third factor is you have debt costs that are lower now. And so the amount of positive leverage you have on apartment properties is pretty extraordinary. And we're 26% levered. A lot of investors out there are 60% or 70% levered, and obviously that makes a huge difference. So, I don't see anything in the near term where you can buy a property that yields somewhere around 4.5%, finance it with a lot of positive leverage with some growth over time. I think in this environment that looks like a winner, more broadly. So I wouldn't expect cap rates or valuations to change very significantly at all.
Michael Schall: Yes, we are seeing more, because of some of the conditions that we talked about earlier. The increase in construction cost and lenders cutting back loan-to-cost ratios on construction loans have both have the effect of property owners or developers need more equity. And this is a targeted program on property that we would like -- that we could own, that's consistent with our portfolio. But it's a unique opportunity in the marketplace. In terms of our appetite for it, I would say that it probably is in the $300 million to $400 million range total outstanding, probably not more than that. Again, it's limited because we're not going to deviate outside of our markets, and we're going to continue to look at property that we could own if things don't end well.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. It remains to be seen. Obviously, any product that enters the market for rental is incrementally, puts more pressure on the market, and provides more availability or more supply, so that is a given. It's hard to extract or to focus on that component and determine what impact it is having, other than that general statement that I just made. We continue to study Airbnb, and we have some experience in the area as a pilot program type of thing. And I think that there is so much noise and so many issues as it relates to an apartment community, where if you have people showing up with their roller boards day in and day out, it's generally not a good thing. So we continue to evaluate Airbnb. We realize that again, as you point out, long term more rental has a pricing impact ultimately on the marketplace, but I think it's fairly minimal. And it's going to be something that we're going to continue to evaluate. Over the next several years we'll make some decisions about to what extent we want to participate in that area.
Michael Schall: It falls within the area of in a supply/demand analysis, there's always going to be factors you have trouble quantifying, and you're going to make some broader assumptions surrounding. As you point out, I agree with you on Airbnb to the extent you have more apartment units that are pulled out for a hoteling type of use. Obviously that helps us. The flip in San Francisco, for example, where you're going to start regulating them and they're going to flip back the other way, it's going to hurt you. We have not tried to do that. But again, I think there are other factors that are similar to that to the extent people are doubling up, to the extent that employers are allowing people to work from home X days a week so that they can commute longer distances, and/or connect by telecommunication devices, et cetera, and not come into the office at all. So there is a whole cadre of things that we try to capture in our relationship between job growth and demand, or households. And so to the extent that Airbnb or any other factors might enter into the equation, we would alter our -- it's generally two to one relationship, so two jobs equal one household. And that one household covers both the for-sale and the rental stock. We would start changing that ratio if we thought that any one of these factors became more significant.
Michael Schall: No, that's not the right answer. In fact, right now we're, as I mentioned on the last call that, based on the job growth in various sub-markets, we could not explain why X amount of job growth, well, let's take L.A. for example. 176,000 jobs, given what I just said, should give us somewhere around 85,000 households, and they're producing 32,000 units of total supply, so there should not be an issue there. So, having said that, that's at a two to one ratio, our tendency is actually starting to push the two to one up to a higher ratio, and actually doing that in connection with affordability, as well, because people make different decisions based on relative affordability of apartments within a marketplace. It's all part of a discussion, but it's a larger discussion than Airbnb, is my point.
Michael Schall: Yes, Nick. They are increasing, and have increased. This is Mike Schall again. And again, going back to northern California last year, for example, where we had an incredible surge in rents, it pushed the affordability in San Francisco to about where we -- it's well over the long-term high. We have that at almost 29%, and the long-term average is 26.5%, and the high is 33.1%. So we're starting to push beyond that range that people can afford. And our view is that affordability basically is constrained. It doesn't mean that if it's super cheap that's good. Having a very low ratio of community, you just have too much housing in the marketplace, and that's obviously not a good thing, either. But there are a couple markets in San Francisco and the Bay Area that are pushing that ratio to a level that we haven't seen in a couple decades, so that is an area of concern. Having said that, with rents moderating this year and personal incomes increasing it helps take pressure off of that ratio, so, again, my view is that last year we got -- let's say two years of rent growth in northern California, and there's a little bit of a breather. Part of that is caused by affordability, and part of that is pushing renters into the other markets, the East Bay for example, which is where we're getting the best rent growth this year. So it's part of the equation that we consider, again when we start pushing up into the mid 20s. When people are paying 25%, let's say, or higher of the median income in rent, or in their rent, then it starts becoming an issue.
Michael Schall: That was in -- I don't have the year, it was it 2000? It was the dot com. But again, it's interesting, because I've heard the comment made that Southern California -- actually there's an Axio chart that has this. But Southern California CAGRs of rent growth is the same as Northern California over the last 15 years. But it misses the fact that rents in Northern California went up 40% in two years to establish this 33% ratio that I just referenced. And the 15 year period misses that. It picks up the decline of rents over that period, but before that in two years rents went up about 40% in northern California. So, again, these things have to all be considered. These are just facts and they have to be explained in context in order to be meaningful.
Michael Schall: We have. I mean, in general there are a few bidders. But there are certainly plenty of bids out there and it's still an active marketplace. Again, I would characterize it as going from a marketplace where you have many bidders, several rounds of best and finals et cetera, to a market place that has fewer bidders, still pretty aggressive, still looking for product. Still see a number of the institutions involved in transactions. Some have talked about foreign buyers and investors being active in the marketplace. I think the REITs have generally taken a step back here.
Michael Schall: Sure. And maybe John or someone can help out with this question, in general so going back to the beginning of the year we had Seattle as our weakest market and it wasn't because we thought that there was some implosion intact or even a problem intact, it was just simply -- if just look at the ratio of supply and demand, it has looked like it was more exposed then either Northern California or Southern California, so that's what caused that. Again we do that base on experience history of judgment and sometimes we're wrong, so certainly that's the case in Seattle at this point time. As to going forward, we're going to continue a 3.5% of growth in Seattle which will take care of whatever supply the market can put in. I would guess that it's going to continue to be better than we think, but I don’t know we can sustain 3.5. I still rank our markets as in terms of the variability as Northern and Southern California obviously those big geographies, but Northern and southern California has been more desirable than Seattle because we've seen supply really get out of whack in Seattle in prior cycles. So that's how we would judge California has all these various other elements where they try to convert from the suburban type housing profile to more of an urban high rise residential around transit that's going to be a long-term difficult thing to do and I think it will have the overall impact of muting supply deliveries. So I guess that's why we give California the urban core coastal California markets a little bit of a positive relative to Seattle. As it relates to rent to median income Seattle's current ratio is around 21%. The long-term average is around 18%, so this is a good example of the long-term average not be all that meaningful, you might say yes there is plenty of room for rents to grow there because it's only 18%. The problem is its 18% because there is too much affordable housing in the marketplace. So the lower that ratios get the less pricing power you generally have in the marketplace. So that's why I say that rent to income acts mainly as the constraint modest sort of a driving force. So there is plenty of room for price I know Seattle has very high median household income levels in the $80,000 to $90,000 range and the rents are pretty attractively priced. So I don’t see that is the constraint.
Michael Schall: I guess -- Dennis, and welcome to the call, that would something -- I don’t think I have seen in 30 years as well. The lenders let's say, were not particular in the second half of the cycle somewhere. And the lenders at some point tend to get more aggressive, John and I have seen loan to cost or actually loan to value than a construction loan gets to 75%, and now we are somewhere in the 55% to 60% loan to cost. I don’t think we have ever seen really this amount of discipline by the lenders ever. So I would just say, kind of an extraordinary time and that -- I think the banks have been -- it's probably a bad word, but somewhat neutered in terms of what they are able to do probably for fear of too big to fail and a variety of other political issues.
Michael Schall: Okay, great thanks operator. So thank you once again very much, appreciate for your participation on the call, I have say that I am incredibly grateful to be able to lead such an amazing Company over the last several years and really over a 30 year has an quite an excellent. So that said, we wish you all a safe and relaxing end of your summer of 2016. And we always look forward to continuing the discussion next question. Thank you and good day.
Mike Schall: Yes, I think we would look to trade assets in Seattle and actually we're looking at the same strategy up and down the coast, not necessarily for example trading out of Northern California and in the Southern California which we have done in the past, we don't think we are the point at that point in time. Again the thing that makes us more cautious in the Seattle in the long-term its ability to product a lot of housing, so it's going to probably remain our third choice looking at things very big picture relative to the three markets, Northern and Southern California and Seattle.
Mike Schall: Hi, it's mike. We don't have perfect information there. I think the comment we would make is that there is some indication with the quality jobs and Northern California has deteriorated, so another words we're able to rank in all the different industries and what they the average wages are within the industry and so there is more for example in Northern California more lease or hospitality jobs there have been typically technology jobs, but again in the short-term lots of things can happen, actually the flip is also true in Seattle but in the short-term lots of things can happen and if I learned anything in this business, it's don't take couple of bullet points or data points and start creating a trend on because you're going to also up and wrong. I realized that human beings are making decisions have a number of biases and then we try to work through biases as thoughtful as we can, but I would hate to take some very short-term information and then try to extrapolate what it means. And that's all we have at this point in time and I don't think that any of it is conclusive, but I say we're looking at it and trying to see if we can determine what those longer term implications of this diversion that I talk about my open remark. We conclude what you're talking about now, so we just don’t know at this time.
Mike Schall: So again I get to celebrate my 30-year here and Mr. Eudy is here for 30 years too and he has been an amazing partner and Mr. Burkart for 20 years. We haven't submission this onetime in 30 years, so now we're going to pay attention to this one diversion and ignore the last 30 years. I mean that's essentially the dilemma that we're talking about. I mean tech is tech. Businesses are going to make decisions. People are going to make decisions based on the opportunity before them and live where they can afford to live in a good place, high quality life et cetera. And wherever that opportunity presents itself, they will find people smart. They are smart when it comes to make rental decisions. They're smart when it comes to make close decisions with most part. And so I wouldn't see any diversions at all. I think the market is fluid and things change. I think you could have some tech companies opening more office space based on where their people want to take that's the possibility. Having said that, as John said, there is millions square feet in commercial space deliver here and you have these tech giants which have enormous amount of cash and enormous financial capabilities that are building deal that are investing these office building. Every part of the Silicon Valley I think has been essentially remade in a number different ways. They work at another staff that hasn't come up on these calls before but there are at least 50 non-tech companies that have innovation standards here, actually John you have mentioned this in his remark. But non-tech companies within innovation centers here because technology is so integrated never thing we do. So Alex my belief is that this is an anomaly not a trend and…  of different ratio was $100 applicable on this call for their our families the non-cash that have innovation centers there is not done this mentioned in this market companies with innovation centers for because technology is still integrated everything we do so alex for my we is that this is normally not trend and as a result of that things will go back to a more normal balance between the two markets.
Mike Schall: That’s a good question and I am not sure I have an easy answer. Cap rates tend to be pretty sticky that's the first thing that happens is buyers and sellers do not agree with the prices so sellers remember the last 10 transactions and buyer think the world is changed. And they so demand something different and so that can go on for some period of time and you would see that in transaction volumes of deals closed. Normally the thing that motivate transactions are financial distress and those type of things which in a world of positive leverage we don’t really see that happen and I am really great economic as well. So I would say that you would have to see maybe I'd say a year before you really saw a real directional change in cap rates. This is again I think you're going to end up with the dearth of transactions in the mean time. Maybe the dearth of transactions will be the indicator that maybe something is changing, but you won't actually see a change for some period of time.
Mike Schall: Rich, this is Mike. I don't know it's interesting. If I would have said to you that we got 5% rent growth in Northern California this year and 12 last year that's 17. Let's say happen 8, 8.5, I think we all are going to be really happy with that because we can't sustain the amount of growth that we've had. Again I think that we missed how incredibly great northern California has done and we've assumed to cut maybe partially because it's done so great that has to very poorly in the future. I don't follow that logic. I don't think that's right. I think that we can end up with a more normal growth rate in Northern California and this business works just fine. So I'd be the first to tell you that getting 12% rent growth in the year we did in 2015, it's great while it's happening but it has a secondary effect and we're seeing part of that secondary effect this year because again it stretches affordability, it has implications beyond that one year. So I don't think that the fact that you see in flow of slowdown this year again relative to what happen last year as extraordinary that we have last year as being somehow indicative of what's going to happen next year.
Mike Schall: Well let's say that the Bay Area goes to be more normal market as opposed to an extraordinary market that has been for the last several years. Again these businesses -- our business was not founded upon 6% annual rent growth for long-long periods of time because income levels have some relationship to rent levels in order for people to afford it. So there are constraints within this industry or within the housing market that will constrain you ultimately. Again, it doesn't mean that we're going to go from being a great market to a lousy market and I think that maybe investors are focused on the great recession which I think was an extraordinary period of time or the internet boom/bust period, where often neglect the fact that rents were not 40% in two years and with all the way back down in two and three years. But nonetheless those things I think are dominate in people's memories but I think that the normal cycles would not be nearly that experience so again I think Northern California goes back to being more normal market. What is that mean? It means let's say 3% to 4% revenue growth let's we're going to add some value in renovation and maybe can add some value in transaction and the business runs well with that.
Mike Schall: Actually it's interesting, in our economics department we have it broken down by quarter, but they said please don't give that out the phone call because it's not only in timing of construction, but phasing in, absorption rates and all those things get into the equations as well. So it's really challenging to get this exactly right.
Mike Schall: Conor, it's Mike. No, we still see muted deliveries in Oakland and again we don't want to go into the 2017 guidance too far. Supply numbers are fine. Barb wears pointy shoes on day like today and she will kick us if we start giving out too much detail.
Mike Schall: It's all relative obviously and the one issue we have here throughout California is lack of transit which I think you know a little bit about and traffic-snarled traffic. People in general don't want to commute much right against the borrow line and that's why Mr. Eudy has a couple development deals that are actually near public transit to do it. But basically I think that there will be maybe some because of relationship I think what's happening is again you're putting more in the A category and you're pulling some B, the top echelon of the Bs into the As because with concessions at a net effect that is too closed to with some of the Bs are. So I think the movement probably is more the other way, you're pulling people out of the Oakland MSA and into the City because the net effective aren't that different as I think was happening, but if there is not enough supply, the answer of your question, not enough supply in the East Bay to really make a difference.
Mike Schall: Well the site work that we did on the site improvements and its cushy soil for lack of better word we had to firm up, took a quarter longer than we had anticipated and it brought things out and that's a majority of reason for the slow up on the initial occupancy.
Mike Schall: And this cases four separate legal parcel buildings sounding park though there individual buildings few well.
Mike Schall: July is rolling through just like June. June was an up-tick from May, the markets not as described it's been on fire but when you say are there more, its sounds like that you are looking for a tick down and more concessions going on, we are not seeing that. Usually July, though, is the peak leasing season. So you won't truly expect to see that item.
John Eudy: The only other add would be the exactions that cities are getting now on the entire side and the burden of the cost and with construction lenders going back as Mike mentioned earlier. You all add that up and that speaks to why we're seeing you need supplies next year in the fall and compare to what we're seeing this year in the fire. And there is a lot fresher to try to put deals together but at the end of day the 4.5 cap development transaction allow them are going to come to fruition that maybe being entered about but have to be executed on.
John Eudy: I don't expect that Alex. I think that was combination of little bit less job growth and the supply hitting in the fourth quarter and then Nor Cal and Seattle tend to be more seasonal and So Cal is less seasonal so Southern California I don't expect to see horror stories in the fourth quarter.
John Eudy: Well obviously it's absolutely new supply but in a sense you mean competition with technology companies building multifamily, I don't expect that in the article that I read. I think what was -- what they're trying to achieve was get approvals for their development, there has been a lot of stress of course in rents so they were trying to build a more balanced development where they had some housing as well as good jobs related construction for the office base. So I don't think they're going to be in the business of building multifamily.
John Eudy: No, the concession really started, the standard of course was developed at least that's typically commonalty it's four weeks what happen is, concession moved up, people had a little bit aggressive when the demand was in the slow season and so that moves up to 6 to 8 weeks and it's moved down, but other than assets that are head on competition to brand new assets next to a lease up. There is a not a lot of concessions in the market and we do not see it spreading outside of those very competitive zone we believe lease-ups are.
John Eudy: Sure loss to lease for the portfolio overall is about 5% and for the Northern California right now it's about 5.2%.
John Eudy: In the sense what buildings are out there it's pretty easy to judge or people drive pretty easy to judge, people drive all the sites that they know what's out there. The thing that moves around a little bit relates to construction timing. What we expect to happen to happen because it necessarily happen, things get tend to be slowdown a little bit and they get pushed into a future period, so to the extent that things get slow down they get push into a future period it's sort of benefited the current are, right. And that's a little bit what happen last year, so it's not perfect but I don’t want to give the impression that we can't know the building, we know the building very well. We literally drive the buildings and detail spreadsheet outlined in each building, what's going on and shift as part see those and when they start to lease up and get occupy that moves around a little bit. That frankly always moves out never really surprises us in the sense of being sooner.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. It's not so much of delay. We should have broken it out into two phase building 1, 2 and 3 and 4 originally to be honest with you because they're not going to be all delivered at exactly the same time.
John Eudy: Then we talk about construction cost increases. We're not meaning to that obviously because the cost we're also increased and we chose to just do the front half, it also front half of the building as well. It's a verity of things but as John said, typically we have multiphase projects we do break them out right up front and this case we want them all together.
John Eudy: Sure, this is John. There's no doubt that the Class A is highly competitive because of the new developments that are out there. As far as Essex's portfolio and what we breakout, we don’t have very many assets in that area, so we have so we have Fox Plaza and Park West, and both of those are older assets. So there's renovations going on at those assets and so that impact their performance. They are impacted a little bit but not in all to the same level as the A product that’s out there, that’s going head to head with the other product that's coming on. Most of the B product is impacted to some extent but not at it all to the same degree.
John Eudy: The regulatory hangover from the last drop-down left a lot of baggage where they're being watched extremely closely, and I think they are overacting a little a bit because they have to, and that’s what's coming in. It's not a conscious disconnected to discipline area disconnect from regulatory both looking out for sure, that’s what I think.
