Michael Schall: Rich, thanks for the question. I think it was invigorating. And I’m playing off of some of the other comments that were made on some other calls. But no, what we’re trying to demonstrate is whether the West Coast metros are competitive with the East Coast metros, and that may be countering some of the facts that you see out there with respect to U-Haul rates in and out of California and similar type things. What we think is happening is that we are attracting more than our fair share of the more skilled, highly skilled and highly compensated worker and perhaps losing some of the lower skilled and lower compensated workers, and we think that’s a normal process, normal evolution. And we’re obviously very concerned about whether our metros are competitive with other metros around the U.S. because employers have choices about where they’re going to locate. And so the competitiveness of the U.S% of the California markets are really important. And so we look for evidence that supports that basic thesis, and the LinkedIn information seemed to make a lot of sense. And if you go into the report we’ve published on S-16.1, the San Francisco metro movement in and out, but they go beyond that and they look at some other metros as well. So you can go, on to that report. But it really comes back to are these metros, the West Coast metros, competitive, are people willing to come here. And obviously, housing costs matter, but also compensation and opportunity matter as well. And making sure that we’re competitive with respect to that is something that we think is really important.
Michael Schall: Well, I think it’s a bunch of different things. I think competitiveness of the industry is where the best opportunities are being created, and that’s why we think that the West Coast metros and specifically the tech markets, when you look at the job growth that was created, the outperformance of jobs relative to what our expectations were this year, it’s clear that the tech metros are attracting a lot of talent and bringing people here, confirmed by the commercial construction in the San Francisco, San Jose and Seattle metro areas, the office construction being a pretty good proxy for what’s going to happen a year or two down the road. So again, we’re looking for things that confirm whether the West Coast metros are attractive. And obviously, migration patterns, job growth, all these things put together to determine whether these metros are being successful and competing for talent.
Michael Schall: Clearly, Denver has -- is, I think, attractive. There have been a number of other multi-family companies that have made movements into that market. We have been invested in Portland, and we are looking at that once again. It’s a relatively small market. And the cost of for-sale housing is less expensive, and therefore, the transition from a renter to a homeowner can be a little bit of a headwind, and actually, I’d say both Denver and in the Portland market. I mean, our basic mandate is go to areas that have the don’t produce enough housing and where the housing choices, for-sale housing versus rental, that the for-sale side makes it a challenge to transition from a renter to a homeowner. So that has been -- served us well over a long period of time. Those are the markets we primarily look for. And so there are a couple of markets that are interesting. But I think that they would be a step-down relative to what we have in the markets where we’re currently invested in.
Michael Schall: John Eudy is here. I’ll make a couple of comments. And if John wants to add to it, that would be great. It’s obviously virtually impossible to determine the financial impact of Costa-Hawkins. Obviously, Costa-Hawkins would enable local jurisdictions to adopt rent control measures. And we don’t know which cities might do that nor do we know the severity of their rent control ordinance. So without those 2, it would be very difficult to determine the impact. I think that as the old saying goes, as California goes, so goes the nation. And we may be the leader with respect to some of these rent control issues, but I don’t think that we’re the end of that. There was a proposal in Washington as well to repeal the statewide ban on rent control. We’ve seen that in a number of other states. So I think this is part of a broader trend. And so we’re -- it’s not something that is going to immediately cause us to change direction with respect to our portfolio allocations.
Michael Schall: We worked down 25% last quarter. And so it was a smaller number but we did think it was declining next year relative to 2018. I think what happens is you get to the end of the year and we moved about almost 4,000 units from 2017 to 2018. And we have not yet moved units from 2019 to 2020 assuming that these delays continue, which is probably likely. And so again, we talked on the last call and have talked more recently about the difficulty in pinpointing exactly when the deliveries happen and how they play out. So we are -- so there could be a small decrease in 2019. We’re just not sure. The numbers are really hard to pin down. And therefore, our best guess is that over the next couple of years -- we’re looking at permits as well. Over the next couple of years that there will be a reduction, a slowdown, but it will be relatively small. We don’t see any major drop-offs, although there are pretty significant increases and decreases if you look at each metro. And for example, the Bay Area will be down in ‘18 and it will grow a little bit in ‘19. And so those types of variations will happen. So we think the trend is still down. We think that a lot of the permits are likely to get pushed back given the comments we made earlier about the relationship between rents growing somewhere around 3% and construction costs growing in the high single, low double-digit range. That obviously is not a good thing for residential construction. And so we think the trend is down but probably not by huge amounts.
Michael Schall: Sure. So our expectations for market rents, we’re just trailing a little bit in where we expect the market rents to be. Our expectations on scheduled rent, the rent roll, are really spot on. The real big change was in occupancy, and that all really came together at the end of the year as a combination of factors from concession strategy that we launched as well as working to ensure that we do whatever we can from a community perspective as it relates to the fires, related to the Executive Order that was signed and, of course, comply with the laws. So all that together meant that we ended up lowering our prices on a month-to-month and increasing our month-to-month about 1.3% across the portfolio as well as we restricted renewal. And again, I mentioned on my comments that our turnover went from 46% down to 40%. So all of that kind of came together from the end of the year and then into the first quarter and gave us a benefit of the occupancy. But the market overall is really operating consistent with our expectations and our scheduled rent is. At this point in time, we’re watching as we expect our occupancy decline. And so it’s really not a change in our expectations for the year. It’s just we ended up with some extra occupancy Q1 and adjusted our guidance accordingly.
Michael Schall: Okay. So that’s perhaps the only significant and that was driven mainly by the construction. The general contractors have very little to do and they want to get something started, so they’re willing to do it at very low profit margins. I guess, I contrast that with what see now, which is commercial construction booming, various types of residential booming, dramatic undersupply housing. And that’s driving construction costs again at around this 10% increase, which, again, there’s an imbalance here. And it doesn’t appear that the mend of that issue is anytime or is close to being at hand. So we would agree with you.
Michael Schall: Of course. Of course. I mean, many times. Many times it’s been -- it’s caused supply issues. And in fact, it usually does when, again, we all realize the development is more risky than just buying buildings and putting a loan on them. And therefore, we require a premium because things don’t always go as we planned them to go in a development deal. And so the question is and I think you’re starting to see that now. When you start having some of these issues, rents don’t grow as fast as you hope or as fast as your pro forma expected and costs are going up, then your margins are being squeezed. Some landowners decide to go ahead at what would be considered to be a subnormal risk premium on those deals that has put more equity into the deal and they make those transactions move forward; as opposed to the other option, which is essentially putting them on hold and hoping that things get better down the road. And so that’s typically what happens. And we’re seeing a number of deals that really from the market-clearing threshold don’t hit the margins -- risk premiums that are typical in the industry, but they’re moving ahead, anyway. I’d say that in general, that is a limited -- that happens on a limited basis and pretty soon people run out of additional equity to throw into their deals to make them work. So I think we’re in that middle ground where the market is trying to deal with these forces, again, construction costs going up faster than rents and NOIs. And so we see deal flowing. That’s the primary reason that we’re looking at preferred equity deals and we’re looking at other development deals. It’s pretty challenging to make a transaction work.
Michael Schall: Well, this is Mike, and that’s a great question. It’s a little bit unclear. In the first quarter, obviously, the stock traded off pretty considerably and we thought that the better transaction or the better capital allocation was to buy some shares back. Now that the stock has recovered somewhat, somewhere around NAV, let’s say, ordinarily, we would look more to our co-investment platform in that scenario to make deals work. There were 20 deals in the first quarter that were in our marketplace that would generally have satisfied our overall transaction parameters. So there are deals out there. Again, when we have stock trading at a discount to NAV, we’re going to pursue that as opposed to buying deals at market. And so I guess, where we are now is probably relying on the JV platform to make deals. And if there’s significant changes in either direction, in the stock price, then our expectations can change pretty dramatically and pretty quickly.
Michael Schall: It’s hard to anticipate exactly what’s going to happen there because you have interest rates that are thrown into the equation as well. And interest rates right now, let’s say, where we’ve gone from an environment we had, very strong, significant positive leverage on acquisition transactions to maybe a smidgen of positive leverage. So I don’t think that’s a negative factor, but it’s not a positive factor. I don’t think -- again, 20 transactions, most of them in California that closed in the first quarter, doesn’t seem to indicate that Costa-Hawkins is impacting or concern about Costa-Hawkins is impacting the transaction market. As we get closer to November, perhaps a little bit. But again, it’s still -- Costa-Hawkins does not mean rent control is going to automatically happen. And even if it does happen, the severity of rent control and which cities continues to be notable questions and important questions in the overall dynamics. So I think it’s still a little bit early to tell. And again, I’d just step back from it and look at -- California has huge housing shortage. You have the legislature in this AB 1506 that I talked about on the call that is pretty clearly not -- or concerned about the overall housing shortages in California, and it decided not to push forward with the repeal of Costa-Hawkins. And it seems like there are some forces out there that it’s too early to conclude that it’s going to have pervasive effects. But again, I don’t know at this point in time, and we continue to monitor the situation closely.
Michael Schall: Well, I think it’s part of again, just part of a negotiation, right? And so I think when you look at what they actually did, they actually added a couple of thousand jobs, there’s a couple thousand more job openings now this quarter versus a quarter ago. So I’d say that’s generally a positive thing, looking at Amazon specifically.
Michael Schall: Wes, it’s Mike, and anyone else can pitch in, too. Again, it was more -- it isn’t anything that we have seen in our properties that’s prompted that. Again, this is a research effort trying to understand the competitiveness of our metros versus other metros in the U.S., recognizing that over the long periods, companies have choices, people have choices, et cetera. And so it really comes back to trying keeping a handle on the competitiveness of our metros relative to other major metros around the U.S. And again -- so we found the LinkedIn study, you have job growth, you have a variety of other indicators that seem to lead us to believe that our metros are pretty competitive and are doing a good job of attracting talented workers, which is our mandate and which is what has allowed us to outperform over a long period of time.
Michael Schall: Yes. On the LinkedIn study, we reproduced what was there. So there’s no -- we haven’t added anything to that. We may have presented it a little bit differently. I guess, as we look at things -- just look at the level of job growth that we have, and again, back to the trailing 3-month numbers where we just did so well in Northern California and Seattle. We did a little bit better in Southern California. We’re 0.2% better on job growth than what our S-16 estimate was, but we’re 0.8% in Northern California and 1.1% better in Seattle. I mean, it just shows that the strength of those markets on the jobs front is pretty exceptional and a lot better than what we expected. And that’s where these companies are adding people and they’re producing the number of products. And it’s a very vibrant situation and I think unlikely to -- that trend is unlikely to change over the next couple of years. It seems like that is where wealth is being created and where companies are really doing well.
Michael Schall: Well, I would just add that, keep in mind, these are in our markets. We use our underwriting, so we’re not relying upon the developer’s underwriting. We have obviously a direct development effort, and so we do our own underwriting. This program is enabled because construction lending, again, in the 55% loan, the cost area used to be -- most of our career are somewhere in the 75% plus or minus loan to cost. So that’s what has enabled that program. And so we really haven’t changed how we look at it. But I just want to make it clear that it’s not like we’re taking someone else’s underwriting and then making the investment. We underwrite it based on how we look at the world and consistent with all the other activities around here. So I think we have a big advantage when it comes to deal selection.
Michael Schall: Karin, it’s Mike. Yes, we are incrementally more excited about it. And as that differential between apartment values and for-sale values diverges, it becomes more and more interesting. And we are working on transactions pretty diligently. And so the answer to the question is yes, definitely.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s Mike. There is actually a significant number of cities in Southern California that have discussions about rent control. And so I don’t think that, that necessarily offers us a great deal of relief. And I would also say that our expectation for rent growth and the greater shortages of housing are in the north. And so I think that there’s some -- a couple of considerations. And then you have the cost of transacting and -- which is -- can be pretty substantial as well. So again, until we have greater clarity about where this is going to go, we are assuming that this will be part of maybe an effort over the next decade to reexamine the effect of rent control in the United States, not just California. And I think that we’ll come back to the same conclusions that are in all these studies, including, again, the Legislative Analyst’s report for -- which is California -- bipartisan committee in California and other areas. So I think that’s where we’re going. And again, I think that we are pretty good at transacting when we know a little bit more information. Now we’re just -- we’re guessing about what might happen. As we get closer to it, I think one of the nice things about the company is we are careful and selective and pretty opportunistic about using our capital on a thoughtful way. And I’m pretty sure that there will be opportunities that present themselves.
Michael Schall: Thank you, operator, and thank everyone for your participation on the call. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming NAREIT conference in June. Have a good day. Thank you.
John Burkart: Yes. This is John speaking. So as I mentioned earlier, we gave out some information on April, and things are playing out as we expected. We are following the market. Now the market overall, big picture for the portfolio was up a little bit less than 2% year-over-year, so April ‘18 over April ‘17. And we’re making the best of our situation there as we follow the market. It’s working out according to plan. We reduced our vacancy as we’re looking to optimize our position. The markets are solid. We’re expecting that this year, we have a standard seasonal pattern whereas, last year, we had a -- the markets peaked a little bit early. So this year, we expect the seasonal pattern to be normal. We were benefiting a little bit by going into the peak leasing with higher occupancy, which was ultimately part of our plan to do what we could do to position our portfolio well to maximize our returns this year.
John Burkart: Yes. It’s been interesting to watch -- I watch the different submarkets. Obviously, downtown LA has tremendous demand. There’s an awful lot of jobs there and more than there is supply. So the supply -- ultimately, everything will balance itself out. The quality of life in downtown LA continues to improve, and people like that. But there is a lot of supply going in that location right now. Small for the overall county, you’re less than, what, 0.5% overall supply in LA, but nonetheless, a lot of downtown. So they are pulling from different markets. And we’ve watched the impact in different submarkets. It’s interesting that sometimes it will be Pasadena, Glendale area; other times, Torrance area; other times, out in Woodland Hills. It seems to move around. I can’t explain that movement. This quarter, it happens that our Tri-Valley area and Woodland Hills are stronger and the Long Beach area is a little bigger. But it does seem to move around. So we’re actually seeing the impact of that over the last 1.5 years or so kind of rotating in the different markets. But in the end, again, the demand is significantly in excess of supply for the overall market. So it’s just a matter of people making adjustments in their lives and moving downtown, which is a very desirable place and getting better and better each day.
John Burkart: I don’t have the numbers exactly in front of me, but it’s -- a big portion of our portfolio is impacted by the downtown as well as the West LA. No doubt about it, and that’s why I had brought that up last time. So yes, we are impacted. You see that in our numbers, no doubt about it.
John Burkart: It’s the main county. I mean, there’s a few other bits and pieces here and there, but it’s the main thing. Big picture, it’s about under 5%.
John Burkart: Sure. We look at it and say if you’re sitting on a vacant unit, you’re not collecting any income. And so if we can create a scenario where our residents are benefited and we’re benefited because we keep that unit occupied during a slow season, we think that’s a good thing. And I think we were able to accomplish that objective very well. We had, again, our turnover go from 46% down to 40%, which really means the majority of the boost in the occupancy was fewer move-outs, which is a great thing. In doing that, it enables us to be positioned well to meet the market as the peak season leasing comes upon us. And so we’re not looking with buildings that have occupancy issues and struggling with our market rents. We’re able to try to meet the market wherever the market is. And again, our expectations are that the market will move up in the 2% to 3% year-over-year range, but we’ll be able to meet the higher end of the, meet the market where it’s at. So the strategy makes sense from our perspective. Otherwise, we would have just ended up in the same spot but with lower occupancy for Q1 and, in essence, less income.
John Burkart: I see what you mean. Our turnover increases. Our natural expiration of leases increases pretty significantly. And so that will open up potential supply of units. And again, remember, some of these situations where we have people on renewals and we allow them to stay at a lower premium month-to-month for a short period of time, they will move out. I mean, they have the option of doing a 12-month lease if they so choose, but they chose to go for a month-to-month. It’s just extended their stay a little bit, but they’ll move out most likely during the peak leasing season. That is our expectations.
John Burkart: Yes, yes, no, no. Yes -- no, you didn’t, not because of Seattle but because of occupancy decline. Yes -- no, that’s exactly what we said. And I mentioned that scheduled rent was coming in at 2.3% and that our -- in April year-over-year and that our occupancy April year-over-year gain was 30 basis points. And I did that because I wanted people to understand that we’re going from Q1 where we had a 60 basis point year-over-year increase rolling into Q2 and now we’re at 30% and will ultimately -- our expectation is our occupancy will match last year. So again, the year is now playing out as planned and we’re positioned well. But yes, there’s no doubt, so that it’s not that the market is not good. The market is performing as planned. The difference is really in occupancy and how our portfolio is positioned, kind of getting to your point, taking advantage of the peak leasing season.
John Eudy: A couple of other comments. At this stage of the cycle, too, exactions and city requirements and takes on -- additional fees tend to go up. So you have that coupled with hard costs and items that Mike mentioned that make it more and more challenging to economic and make a deal make sense.
John Eudy: Sure, Mike. First on your first question on single-family, the repeal measure that is going to the ballot, it appears, does include removing the exemption of single-family. So yes, if passed, single-family would be exposed to having rent control applied to it, which is a big -- one of the big proponents for us because it means the majority of the rental units, as you well know, in California are mom-and-pop owned and smaller local-owned entities and they have a lot to lose. And that brings the attention to the ballot measure in a wide way to be in our favor to oppose it. Generally speaking, we’ve been working on this pre-campaign for about 9 months before it officially got put into play in January. And they just recently collected enough signatures to technically qualify this to the Attorney General right now office to get to the final legs by the end of June.  But we believe from a policy perspective, clearly, the legislature gets it. That’s why it never made it out of committee at AB 1506. And we also know that every academic study that’s ever really been done on rent control understands the unintended consequences that it actually hurts those that it supposedly is intended to help. So we’re pretty encouraged that -- with our initial polling and how we’re going to be managing the campaign. We’re actually going to push this back, and at the same time, come up with, at the tail end, ways to bridge the gap on affordability issues at the lower and middle end of the range because that’s really where the problem is. Rent control per se, the reason Costa-Hawkins was enacted in 1995 was because it stopped housing and the last thing you want to do in housing production. So we’re fairly confident that we’re going to get there and message it through. And if it does go to the ballot, which it appears it will, that we will prevail.
John Eudy: I’ll answer the first part of that. Yes, the smaller developers are getting squeezed. The equity requirements are close to 50% with construction loans in the 50% to 55% range. And if they went into a deal, assuming cost was going to be X without having it bought out, they’re going to have an equity squeezed n the backside because costs have gone up over the last 18, 20 months, 24 months, as Mike mentioned, in the double-digit range. As far as the preferred equity deals, we’re seeing less opportunities, as Mike mentioned, because of the economics more than anything else, not necessarily anything beyond that. If expectations are development deal needs to be in the 5, 5.25-plus range and they’re really 4 to 4.25, a lot less people transact unless they’re in a position where they need to go. And that’s preferred equity deals that we’ve been focusing on because they are bought in and already funded. They’re just a little bit short on the equity capitalization. We’ll let them put us ahead of them and subordinate their interest and make it so it’s a safer deal from our perspective and still a good transaction although skinnier return on their side.
John Eudy: There are a couple of things. You all heard about SB 827, the Wiener bill that was attempting to change at the state level how things get zoned around transit-oriented locations. Came out of the chute fairly optimistic and with a lot of political-backed support and then died about a month ago in the committee level because of local control and then, again, stopping what seemed to make sense on the surface. So it’s not any easier anywhere to get developments today than it ever has been in spite of the 15 bills that were passed last year. On the margin, it -- the momentum is shifting in the direction to make it easier, but we haven’t seen any real play on that. On the East Bay you were referring to, I assume its Oakland, Alameda County. It -- they have been more open to development, which makes sense because of the cost of housing in San Francisco. And we do think that will continue to be the direction that Oakland goes in the near term as long as the economics make it work. The problem again is the details of how the transaction economically is penciled, if you will, which is the biggest challenge we have in production across the Northern California market.
