Angela Kleiman: Hey Nick, it’s Angela here. So, on the earn-in for 2023, I think -- if it’s okay with you, I wanted to step back and make sure we’re using a consistent definition. For us, the way we look at earn-in is we look to the September loss-to-lease, it’s not too hot and not too cold, and take 50% of that. So, in this case, September loss-to-lease was close to 7%, taking half of it would be about 3.5%, and that will be our earning, and we assume no market rent growth. Now, what we’ve heard is there’s a question about 2023 revenue growth and how does the earn-in applied to that. And so what we’ve done in the past is explain that by saying, you take your earn-in and then we look at our 2023 S17 market rent growth and take 50% of that. So, that would be -- the market rent growth is 2%, so half of that would be 1%. You add that to the 3.5% earn-in, that gives you a proxy of about 4.5% for revenue growth for 2023. And so, as far as the loss-to-lease, where we are is we’re about 2.5% loss-to-lease in October for the portfolio. And of course, it varies by region, but that’s coming from a loss-to-lease in September of 6.7%, so definitely a deceleration. But it is expected and loss-to-lease at this level for October is actually better than our historical patterns. Typically, around this time of the year, we’re at about 1% loss-to-lease and heading towards zero by year-end. So at 2.8, we’re feeling pretty darn good about the portfolio.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, happy to. So, on the new lease rates for October at 2.8%, it’s actually a pretty wide range. With starting -- I’ll just go from North to South. Pacific Northwest, it’s negative, about 90 basis points, and that’s consistent with my earlier commentary about the softness in that market. And then, Northern California, the strongest at about 4.5% and Southern California close to 2%. So, Southern continues to be the steady Eddie. And Northern California is rebounding as we have anticipated.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. We -- concession usage is -- for us, we focus on where there’s a competitive supply. So, of course, during our -- if we’re doing our own lease-up, we use concessions, we line that as part of our pricing tool. But absent of that, it’s a function of how many lease-up do you have near property, and how do we remain competitive and meet the market? So, in terms of the concessions usage, just the change between October and the third quarter, it has ticked up, and it’s primarily driven by Seattle. So Seattle -- in the third quarter. And as mentioned that we had a very normal third quarter, was less than a week. And it is now about two weeks, and that’s the biggest change. With all the other markets, it’s incremental a couple of days more, which is consistent with what we expected. And so, portfolio overall, our concessions has gone up from say half a week to about a week portfolio-wise, and with the key driver being Seattle.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, sure. We -- there’s two things happening on the move-outs. The higher turnover is driven by two factors. One is, of course, the Seattle softness that I’ve talked about earlier. And it’s attributed mostly to an elevated level of supply in Seattle in the second half. And of course, when there’s more supply, there’s more concessions, and that draws people out of stabilized properties. That’s not usual during a period where corporate hirings are slowing, once again. That’s what’s happening in Seattle. As far as California, the higher move-out is attributed to the nonpaying tenants moving out, which we see is a good thing. And so, with the LA moratorium expiring next year, we do see another opportunity there. So, we’re able to make good progress on the delinquency front there. So, that’s -- hopefully, that’s what you’re looking for.
Angela Kleiman: I see what you’re saying. Yes. So, the -- normally, when we see market strength, which is usually during a period of strong demand, we push rents. And as we head toward the end of the third quarter and into our seasonal low in the fourth quarter, we historically switch that strategy to push occupancy. And so, what we’re doing here is consistent with what we’ve always done in the past. And what we’re seeing is this is -- what I’m trying to convey there is that this is a normalized market that’s stable, and we’re essentially shifting this strategy to maximize revenue during this period of time. And the reason -- so normally, what you will see is in the fourth quarter, our occupancy may run, say, in the mid to high 96%. But because of this eviction headwind, it may run a little bit lower. So maybe in the low 96%. But I wanted to signal to the community that that’s not because there’s any problem here, this is actually a good thing.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. So, if I look at the September loss-to-lease and use 50% as a proxy. And then look at that number relative to prior periods, pre-COVID, this -- the September number is actually about twice as high as the normalized period. Normally, around September, the loss-to-lease is around 3%. And so, this is one of the reasons why we feel good about where our portfolio sits and as we head into next year. Absent, of course, a recession, we certainly should do quite well.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, that sounds about right. Now the one thing I do want to clarify is that everybody calculates it a little bit differently. And so for us, we are not including concessions. So, if we include concessions, that earn-in number, obviously, will be much higher. But we’re trying to just keep it apples-to-apples, so to minimize confusion. So, it’s the same baseline.
Angela Kleiman: Well, I think maybe I’ll just give you a quick example of what Mike is talking about. Concessions in downtown LA is about 1.5 weeks, and concessions throughout the rest of the LA area averages about a week. And so that gives you the magnitude impact of the downtown versus the market.
Angela Kleiman: This is kind of a broader strategy question. And so, let me start with why we are here. And that’s to -- you even said it, the Sunbelt has outperformed for three years. Well, to us, three years isn’t exactly long-term. And what drove these three years is a pandemic. And so, the way we look at the world is we don’t expect to have regular pandemics that will completely change behavior and legislation. But, in terms of this general discussion about other markets, this won’t -- looking at other markets is not a Angela Kleiman era, specific pointing to that. It’s a discipline that we’ve always had. Mike’s been doing this for a very long time and I will continue that work and make sure that we are in the right place and where we can generate the highest long-term CAGR for our shareholders. And supply is definitely something that we cannot ignore, because that is a key reason of our outperformance combined with being in a center of innovation that drives demand and income growth and job growth and they’re all interrelated. And so, we’ll continue that discipline. And if we do end up venturing outside of California, we will also do it in a very thoughtful way. And they all consider our cost of capital, consider future growth and of course, the basic supply demand dynamics.
Angela Kleiman: No, we really haven’t. What we are seeing the move out is really attributed to just normal market activities and then layer on to that, the other dynamics that I mentioned earlier.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. Northern California is sitting about a week, and that is a slight, like two days uptick from last quarter. So, it’s just not a meaningful change.
Angela Kleiman: That’s okay. I was just going to add that keep in mind, our Northern California portfolio is mostly suburban and San Francisco consists only about 2.5% of our portfolio.
Angela Kleiman: Well, the transition is about six months. And so, Mike is still the CEO until March 31st, and I’m going to -- I plan to enjoy every single day of that until that. As far as the team is concerned, I am not -- we are not going to make any changes to the operating team. We have a terrific team and great bench. And if you look at our company history for my first nine years as CEO, we did not have a COO. So, this is not -- we’re not doing anything unprecedented.
Adam Berry: Yes. Hey Nick, this is Adam. As Mike mentioned in his opening comments, the transaction volume is definitely down from where it was a quarter ago. But there are still deals being priced. There are still deals going non-contingent. And in talking to buyers who are still active in the market, they’re willing to take a certain level of negative leverage for 18 to 24 months is the number that I’m hearing now. And so, with various assumptions about rent growth, repositioning and those types of strategies, that’s what we’re seeing in the market.
Adam Berry: Hey Steve, this is Adam again. So, consistent with what we just talked about the 4.5% range is kind of where we see the market. We’re probably not buyers at that range, we have a better use for our capital and development yields will need to move off of that base, if not maybe slightly higher. So, when we look at development deals, depending on where they are in the entitlement process, we’re looking at a 20% to 25% spread over to adjust for the risk related to development.
Adam Berry: Yes. Hey Alex. So at this point, we’re not seeing any potential for material defaults. We constantly assess our preferred equity book. So, the short answer is no, we’re not seeing anything at this point. A little more background behind it. Over 75% of our pref and mezz book was underwritten in 2020 or before. So, we really -- we didn’t go down to the depths of the mid-3 caps, chasing deals. We did very few deals during that time. And so, with this recent expansion in cap rates, it really doesn’t impact where we are in the stack. And then, you couple that with pretty significant NOI growth, and we feel like we’re in a pretty good position.
Adam Berry: Great question. The answer is, yes. Predominantly the debt funds, they have disappeared. We would go into some of these deals, and especially to debt funds, they would provide what we call stretch seniors. So, it would be zero to, call it, 75%. They’re no longer in competition. So, we’re seeing more opportunities coming to us because of that.
Michael Schall: Well, that -- and that’s exactly what the third-party economists are saying. So, up there in the upper left-hand corner is the consensus of the -- again, third-party macroeconomists that say, job is going to be minus 0.2% next year. And so that forms the basis of what we think. So, we outperform in terms of job growth the U.S. economy. And in fact, that minus 2% for the U.S. is translating into 0.4% job growth for us. So not a lot. But again, it’s a pretty dire scenario. And so, that’s where that comes from. Again, we don’t feel like it’s this bad. I mean based on what we see in front of us today, we’re having some seasonality here in October. We expect that. Loss-to-lease typically goes negative by the end of the year, and it probably will this year. Keep in mind, the demand side of the equation is driven by jobs. And obviously, we pay attention to the seasonally adjusted jobs. But the reality is, if you look at total nonfarm employment, it gets pretty soft in the fourth quarter. And so, these things can happen. So basically, we don’t feel -- we feel like this is a pretty draconian scenario, but we’re trying to maintain some consistency with respect to what we are trying to put out there with respect to S-17. And just following through on the historical pattern, and looking at what the economists out there are saying, we think this is that scenario. Could it be different? Absolutely it could be different, and we hope it’s different. But again, I don’t want to ignore the elephant in the room. It seems pretty important to actually consider what the macro economists are saying and what it means for us. And I would add to that, everyone across the nation is going to feel the same pain if this occurs. It’s not just a West Coast thing. It’s a national thing. It starts with the U.S. job growth. And then, we look at historical relationships to try to determine what it means for the West Coast. And that’s where these numbers are coming from.
Michael Schall: Yes. Alex, I just wanted to add a couple of things perhaps. So first thing is that Angela, she thinks for next year the kind of proxy formula is that 3.5 plus half the growth of next year, which is the 2%, which is the pretty dire scenario. So, I’d say there’s some potential upside if that dire scenario doesn’t take place. So that would be one thing. And then I just want to mention that we feel pretty good about where the Company is positioned right now. Core FFO right now is at the high end of the bicoastal peers when you go back and compare it to Q4 2019. So, we feel good about that. And we’ve accomplished that with really Southern California at sort of full recovery -- in full recovery mode, not Northern California and Seattle. And we attribute that to the fact that both of them fell further and have a longer period of time that’s required for recovery. In Northern California, for example, rent levels right now are roughly equivalent to where they were at pre-COVID. So, there’s been no rent -- in Northern California. And historically, the tech markets are the driver of growth, and I suspect that they will be the driver of growth going forward. We’re just not there yet. So, we feel good about this. When we think about some of the other things, incomes, median incomes – household incomes in San Francisco, San Jose are now over $145,000 a year. That’s the median, which is pretty amazing and screens very affordable as it relates to rental value. And that’s what draws people to the West Coast. Everyone talks about, well, the costs are higher on the West Coast, but the reality is they’re drawn by the incomes that are much higher as well. And so, we think that there’s going to continue to be a recovery as we recovered jobs lost in the recession in Northern California and Seattle. We think that they will once again become the drivers of the Company going forward, and very little of that is priced into the stock, which makes us think that there’s very good upside here.
Michael Schall: Nick, I’m going to start with that too. I mean, our portfolio is not positioned to be near the tech companies per se or to cater to the tech employees. We are trying to cater to the broad range of employment within our market. So, we do have a couple buildings that are predominantly tech related employees, but it’s the exception, and actually not even close to the average. So, we are a reflection of the broader economy. And therefore, the tech component in Northern California and Seattle will be more, but there is a lot of -- there’s a pretty diverse job base there in general. And so again, that goes into the philosophy of the company. So I don’t think that, we are particularly exposed to tech. We are more exposed to supply-demand imbalances and which we hope won’t happen. But again, the dire financial scenario on the S-17 sort of contemplates that scenario.
Michael Schall: So, a couple of questions in there. I’ll try to go backward. As far as distressed opportunities, we’re not seeing them as of yet. There is talk of the potential for rate caps expiring and a need for that kind of rescue capital. We are not seeing it yet. And I haven’t really heard from anyone else who has seen it. There is definitely talk but haven’t seen any of those opportunities come to fruition yet. As far as -- let’s see, I think your other question was just what we are seeing right now on our pref side. We have increased returns. So, for deals that we are currently pursuing, we have increased returns between 100 and 150 basis points. I would say where the market is today, there are opportunities given the difficulty of debt today. But underwriting is a little more opaque. So I think for the fourth quarter, there is probably -- we have one or two deals in our pipeline right now. I don’t probably see more than that coming into the fourth quarter. I think things will slow down a little and people may take a pause. And then going into next year, I think, it will start back up and we will see more opportunities.
Michael Schall: Of course, it is. Yes. I mean, I would say when I look at supply, at around 0.6% of stock, that looks like it’s probably the lowest anywhere in the U.S. that’s what I’m guessing, are on the low-end, let’s say. And supply is the enemy in our view. And trying to avoid supply is a key part of why we are in these markets. So, if we get a little bit of demand growth, I think we will do just fine, and/or if the recession is just a short recession, and we’re in and then back out of it, that scenario would be better than what is on page S-17. So, we -- it appears as S-17 is probably close to the worst case scenario, but of course, none of us really know.
Michael Schall: Yes. This is Mike. I think most of them were domestic players. I mean, I’m not sure that we know exactly where they’re coming from. But, we know that we were refinanced out of several deals with high yield funds. And I didn’t -- don’t know exactly who they were, but it seemed like they were domestic funds, high -- domestic high yield funds. So, and there were a lot of them out there. So, we were -- these redemptions have come to an end, consistent with what Adam said, and it looks like the market is much less competitive now and going forward, which we think is a good thing.
Michael Schall: Well, I’ll go back to what Angela said, then, you start with the earn-in, which is somewhere around 3.5 using the methodology that she gets to, and then you would take roughly half of the economic rent forecasts that would be based on the better scenario. So, if the supply-demand is better next year and that 2% becomes 4%, we would expect the building blocks to be 3.5 plus to -- or 5.5.
Michael Schall: Yes. I think Rich, you have to throw -- that is great question, by the way. I think you have to throw affordability into the mix. So incomes are, especially in the tech markets, they’re extraordinarily high. And the screening on rent to income is very low as a result of that. I mean, during the pandemic, as I said earlier, rents in Northern California about where they were pre-COVID, but the median household income has moved materially. And so, it screens very affordable. That’s not the case in Southern California. And so, I would expect to see and I don’t have any direct indication or reporting on this, but I would expect to see some doubling up and/or move moving to more affordable units, given the very large rent growth, 35%, from pre-COVID roughly, at that level. Even with some income growth, there still property is affordability pressure in Southern California, and I would definitely start to see some of those other things that happen, people move farther away, they double up, they trade down, et cetera. So, I think that’s what you’re getting at, and I totally agree with the premise. 
Michael Schall: This is Mike. Once again, I want to thank you for joining our call. We -- Angela and I both really appreciate all the congratulatory sentiment out there. Much appreciated. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a few weeks, and have a good day. Thank you. 
