Barb Pak: Thanks, Angela. Today, I will discuss the key assumptions supporting our 2022 guidance and conclude with an update on the balance sheet. We ended 2021 with strong momentum in the fourth quarter as demonstrated by 4.7% same-property NOI growth and 7.6% core FFO growth. We believe the economic recovery has only just begun on the West Coast and thus, this positive momentum will continue throughout 2022. As such, we are forecasting core FFO per share growth of 9.7% at the midpoint, which is the highest growth in 6 years. We are pleased that our 2022 core FFO per share guidance is expected to exceed our pre-pandemic FFO achieved in 2019 despite the challenging operating environment. This is a testament to our disciplined operating strategy and capital allocation process, which is driving results to the bottom line. Our 2022 FFO growth is primarily driven by a 7.8% increase in our same-property revenues on a cash basis and 8.3% on a GAAP basis. For the year, we expect fewer concessions as compared to last year, but delinquency remains a challenge and we are expecting delinquency of 2.4% of scheduled rent in 2022, which is 30 basis points higher than 2021. We have two counties representing 50% of our total delinquency, where tenant protections remain in place. In addition, response times on tenant applications seeking emergency rental assistance remains slow and outside of our control, leading to large monthly swings in the delinquency line item. As a reminder, our historical annual delinquency has been around 35 basis points of scheduled rent. And given our long history of high collections, we believe we can ultimately return to this level once the various restrictions are lifted. We continue to assist residents in applying for federal tenant release funds and have received $29 million to-date, of which $12 million was in the fourth quarter. As for operating expenses, we are forecasting a 4% increase, which is above our historical average of 2% to 3%. This is the result of wage pressures in the market along with general inflation in the economy for materials. In total, same-property NOI is expected to grow 9.4% on a cash basis. Continuing with our investment expectations for 2022, as we have discussed throughout the past year, we have seen an elevated level of early redemptions of our preferred equity and subordinated loan investments due to high demand for West Coast apartments and low interest rates. In 2021, we had approximately $210 million of redemptions and our 2022 guidance contemplates another $350 million of redemptions. Some of this was pushed from the fourth quarter into this year. Over the past year, it has become more challenging to find new investments given the influx of capital to this segment. However, we were able to secure $117 million of new commitments, with an average yield of 11%, maintaining our disciplined approach to underwriting these projects. Our 2022 guidance contemplates an additional $100 million of new commitments at the midpoint, of which we assume $50 million will be funded during the second half of the year. The remainder of the preferred equity redemption proceeds will be used to fund new acquisitions. Finally, the balance sheet remains in a strong position. During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in our credit metrics and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio declined to 6.3x as EBITDA grew. We expect this trend to continue throughout 2022. Over the past 2 years, we have taken advantage of the low interest rate environment and refinanced nearly 40% of our debt, locking in low rates and reducing our weighted average interest rate by 70 basis points. As such, we have only 6% of our debt maturing over the next 2 years. In addition, we have minimal exposure to short-term rates, with only 4% of our consolidated debt subject to floating rates. As such, we have minimal risk to the rising interest rate environment. Given limited near-term maturities, no material development funding needs and ample liquidity, the company remains in a strong financial position. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Barb Pak: Hi, Rich, it’s Barb. In terms of the interest expense line, the biggest factor there is the reduction in cap interest as our development pipeline has substantially rolled off. And so that’s a pretty substantial increase in the interest expense. We do have a couple of rate increases forecasted in the guidance, and we will – it’s really why we have a range, but have a lot of variable rate debt. We only have 4% of our consolidated debt is variable rate. So that’s a small impact to the numbers. It really is the cap interest side of the equation. I think that’s a $4 million reduction.
Barb Pak: Yes, Rich. So in terms of our cumulative delinquency, we’re at about $67 million. We have applied for reimbursement for 80% of that, so about $53 million. And of that amount, $33 million relates to our existing residents. However, the tenant – the timing and amount of being able to collect that is unknown because the program prioritizes based on the resident area meeting income, which is something that we’re not fully privy to at the time they apply. The remainder is applications we apply for on behalf of past residents. Now our ability to collect on that is if the resident will engage, and that’s unknown at this time, but we have applied for everything that we can. And as Mike said, the state of California has been slow to disburse funds, which is causing a lot of the noise in our numbers at this point.
Barb Pak: We actually are looking at these opportunities throughout the portfolio. So it’s not skewed toward one region because we are seeing strong market rent growth in all of our portfolios in all of our regions. And as far as when they will be realized, less likely in 2022, just because, as you know, it takes time to renovate and then get them leased up until that time. By the time that occurs, you certainly wouldn’t have a full year of revenue. So it’s more likely going to impact 2023.
Barb Pak: Sure, Haendel. It’s really more of a function of the year-over-year comparable. And so we expect the first half to be much stronger because first half of 2021, it was still quite soft. And of course, we started recovering in the second half of 2021. And so from a year-over-year perspective, this year, the second half will be harder comparable, and that’s really what’s driving the trends.
Barb Pak: Well, in terms of the spread, what we see is, in Seattle, would be the highest from a year-over-year on the second half because it has higher loss to lease and lower delinquency and better concession benefit. And Northern California and Southern California are pretty much very comparable. Southern California, because of the challenge by delinquency, while Northern California has that concessionary benefit and so they end up more similar, but in terms of spread, we are not talking – we are talking, say, 40 basis points versus not hundreds of basis points. So, they are all pretty not close.
Barb Pak: We didn’t – let me take a quick look. So, on the renewals, we are sending out – hold on, 2022. Where is that, here. So, we are sending renewals out, portfolio average in the low teens, so around, say, 13%-ish. And with Seattle, the highest, followed by North Cal and in South Cal, around 10%-ish.
Barb Pak: Haendel, this is Barb. Like I mentioned earlier, we have applied for $52 million of our cumulative delinquency, $32 million of that is our existing tenants, and we feel good about that number. However, the timing is very uncertain. And what we do is, we forecast on a net basis. So, we have assumed that delinquency does increase this year because of the uncertainty related to the timing of payments on the – these applications as well as the California program, which the applications have exceeded the amount that’s already been allocated to the State. So, there is a variety of things that led us to that assumption.
Barb Pak: So, in our guidance is a 2.4% delinquency as a percent of scheduled rent. That’s what will drive our numbers. And one thing that we are seeing is our delinquency has gotten worse overall – our net delinquency has gotten more over the last couple of months as more of our tenants are applying for aid as the program has changed recently to allow tenant supply for three additional months. Therefore, applications are going up. So, there is a lot of moving parts on that front, but the net number is, we do expect delinquency to get slightly worse this year before it gets better.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, Rich. It’s Angela here. So let me just give you a little context on the S-16 that shows our new lease it is terrific with 17%. But keep in mind, that’s a year-over-year number to start. And we had communicated that between fourth quarter of 2020 to first quarter of 2021, so that comparable period, that’s when market rent troughed. And so from a year-over-year perspective, we are really hitting kind of the greatest delta, if you will, from a differential perspective. So if we’re talking about really the same-store guidance, what we probably – I think a better indicator is to look to the S-17 that Mike talked about earlier and you take that market rent of 7.7%, that market rent growth. And then you factor in the loss to lease at year-end. And I know we normally do – look to the September loss lease, but you might recall that we were – we had a typical seasonality and the seasonal peak was pushed. So we had caution against using the September loss lease. So if we look at the December loss lease, it’s around 6%. And after and then some of these other factors such as legislation and delinquency, that’s what ultimately drives our midpoint guidance of 7.8%.
Angela Kleiman: Maybe just a little historical context, Alex, with the Southern California portfolio and in particular, San Diego, Ventura and Orange County, these are markets that were at – that perform at a 97% occupancy even pre-COVID. So it’s already a highly desirable place to be. And we combine that with this region having the most – the strongest loss to lease and it actually has, as far as we can see, pretty long legs. So in the interim, during the reversion that Mike is referring to, it may be more of a net neutral, but long-term, this market will still – we will see this market continue to perform well with a good tailwind from loss to lease.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, happy to. It’s Angela here. The sequential revenue decline really was not a concern for us this time because it’s really attributed to the timing of the lumpy delinquency recovery. And so what I mean by that is, in the third quarter, we have very favorable delinquency recovery. So, if you take San Diego, for example, if I back out delinquency, the sequential revenue growth would have been 1.6%. And so a similar relationship plays out for both Contra Costa and in San Francisco as well.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. I think the one example that we provided with the rollout and some of our other enhancements has already realized a saving of about 150 basis points in margin improvement and that represents about $15 million to the bottom line to NOI. And so my point in providing that context is that from a – if you look at the rollout, we are only a third way through and that was – that represents a rollout of really just two of our major regions. And so – which is why I provided indication of an additional 200 basis points to 300 basis points expectation of margin improvement just from the cost savings. And of course, with revenue, there is more to come on there, but that’s several years down the road.
Michael Schall: Yes, Alex, I would say that it’s already happening. So it’s not a future event necessarily. I think we’re in the middle of the reversion. And I think to point to a statistic just look at job growth, and job growth is – trailing 3-month job growth is highest in Seattle, 6.2%, followed by Northern California at – I’m sorry, Southern California by 5.8% and Northern California by 5%. So jobs are coming back. People are starting to move. The Bay Area, obviously, is a step behind, but we think it will catch up given the strength and the uniqueness of the tech employers that are there. And so we think it’s all underway, and it’s just going to take some time to play out. I guess the question is, can it accelerate? I mean we actually expect it to accelerate, especially in the tech markets, which were, of course, those that were most impacted. By the end of the year, we expect that California will – or our markets will have about 93% of their jobs that they lost during the pandemic recovered. We’re currently at about 78% now. So we expect, again, these trends to continue and pretty favorable for our markets given what the impact on jobs is.
Michael Schall: I think quality of life considerations really come into play in the CBDs. The homelessness, concerns about defunding the police, etcetera, I think that is where quality of life issues are more manifest and obvious. And as I say, they are not creating any more beaches around here. So that’s obviously a benefit. And so I think that the quality of life in suburbia is actually very high. And we’re – as we said before, we’re going to push out a little bit further strategically into some other – some different markets. And Adam’s here can talk about this, which we’ve never bought invested before, but it represents one of those markets in suburbia. Good community, good decent schools in a very nice Northern San Diego submarket. And we’re looking for that, and we think that we can find great quality of life in some of those markets, and there is great opportunity out there.
Michael Schall: Yes. Nick, I think it’s about right, actually. So we have about $700 billion combined between preferred equity and the debt. And again, we don’t want that business to get to be too large. We, I think, took advantage of an opportunity in 2020 to grow the business a bit given that there was very little else that was working. And I think that’s helped, but it will be somewhat lumpy and that’s the primary reason why the Board and all of us think that we should control its size and not let it get too large. So that’s first and foremost on our mind. If in our – from our perspective, it is probably the best risk/reward of what we do in terms of how we generate income, and plus there are some other advantages. One of our investments this quarter was a joint venture that came out of the preferred business. So I thought that was having other types of business tied to that is important. Plus, we get we get a look at many development deals that are going on in the marketplace and that allows us to be more discerning with respect to our development pipeline.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s a good question. And it’s definitely something that’s on our mind. And we will say that it’s frustrating from time to time, but I guess we would ask that everyone take a balanced view of these regulatory risks and look at the other side. And then the other side is that limited housing supply really comes from all the regulations that make it difficult to build housing in these markets. And so we try to balance that equation as best we can and knowing that we are a beneficiary of the supply issues that California has because there is always another regulation that is making it more difficult for us to build housing right around the corner, which is what keep supply under control in California. So keep that in mind. And we know that we need to be a strong advocate with respect to sensible housing policies, and we’re going to be active in that area going forward. But again, we would hate to trade away the unique benefits that we have given the supply restrictions in California.
Michael Schall: I’ll start and then flip it to Barb. A lot of this – there was nothing in the pre-COVID period that indicated that there were any issues with delinquency. So I’ll make that comment number one. Most of the issues that we have are really related to the government – the governmental agency, which is – there is a website called Housing Is Key. And they have very recently about 7 billion in applications and they paid out about 1.9 billion, so they are way behind. And so there is this delay in getting reimbursed for all these claims, and Barb has some information about what’s in process, etcetera. But I guess the key here is that the state agencies are way behind, and there is a lot of money that has been submitted, and we don’t know – we don’t have control over what’s going to happen with those funds. And so we’re just going to have to wait, which led to what we hope to be is obviously conservative guidance. We weren’t intending to be conservative, but we realize that some of these factors are out of our control and so that we are maybe to the conservative perspective, but we just don’t know. Barb, with that said, I think you have some additional numbers.
Michael Schall: Yes, the broader management objectives, yes. We continue to believe that we can add value in a variety of ways. And it isn’t that we are necessarily going to dramatically increase our portfolio allocation to any one market or decrease it. I think that we are overall pretty happy. We want our to see how the pandemic recovery plays out. Like everyone else, there is a number of unknowns about portfolio transitions, and we would like to get into a more normal world. As I mentioned in the – in my prepared remarks, the laggards of the last 30 years from now are top-performing markets. Is that possible that, that continues, or does it revert back. And I suspect that there will be some fairly significant amount of reversion. As we think of the world, we think that probably the urban core – again, given issues with homelessness, crime, etcetera, are probably a mile – negative mile to significant negative. Hopefully, the cities get control over some of these issues. I think they can definitely do that with respect to crime. I am not so sure that there is a plan when it comes to homelessness. But again, that’s pretty focused on the urban core, much less so in – throughout the suburban parts of our portfolio, which is where the vast majority of our property is located. We have commented actually before the pandemic on deemphasizing the city centers, partially due to what I just said. And so that remains something that we will take a look at and potentially transact around going forward. But overall, North South balance, Seattle, I think was doing really incredibly well, great job growth and couple of key drivers up there in Microsoft and Amazon are really pushing that market. So , we would like to increase our portfolio up there actually, but it’s difficult to find the product at the price that adds value, so more to say, we have been there before.
Michael Schall: Yes. When we look at deals, our deal generation is sort of independent of how we capitalize or how we take the deal down. And where we believe that we are adding value to the company and that could be core FFO or cash flow and/or NAV per share to the company, we will take it down on the balance sheet. And at times like now where we don’t think we can add value, we will do it in our – one of our co-investments where we are still a substantial owner. We still own about 50% of these transactions, and we manage it and therefore, we earn some – a small amount of fee income. But it’s really driven by the capital side of the equation. And again, at this point, we probably wouldn’t issue stock. We would prefer to transact in a co-investment format.
Michael Schall: John, it’s a great question, and Adam, will you bring me 100 buildings in Northern California, please, at a 3.8% cap rate. That’s the answer. It’s not there. And if we could do it, we would. We did buy one property in Fremont, again, a co-investment. We would buy more if we could, John. But again, the markets are going to evolve and perhaps, we will continue to see more products hit the market. And we wouldn’t – for high-quality property in the right areas of the Bay Area, we are not black lining the Bay Area by any means.
Michael Schall: I keep telling Adam. I say, Adam, well, interest rates are going up. So, what’s going on with cap rates. And Adam keeps telling me, they are pushing down, right. I mean that’s effectively what we have seen.
Michael Schall: Yes. Haendel, it’s definitely a concern. But I don’t think in terms of the STEM graduates and the workers that are in these fields, I don’t think there is any shortage of positions that might be available to them. There is plenty of jobs out there. I was coming out of college, I worked for venture capital company. And so I was there for quite some time, and it’s amazing how different the world is. And these companies are venture financed for a much longer period of time now, and the rounds are much larger. In fact, I think most of the money that was deployed that I discussed in the script was mega rounds, rounds exceeding $100 billion. So, we have some concern about it. Obviously, those companies are more vulnerable. And therefore, I think that’s warranted. I have been through that in my career in the late ‘90s, where all these companies went public and without a product, and they didn’t work out well. So, I think the current model of venture capital funding is much better and much more resilient. And a lot of these companies, the best ones will see it through. And the ones that don’t succeed, I think the employees have plenty of opportunity out there at some of the other companies. That’s what makes the Bay Area such a unique place from a technology employment standpoint.
Michael Schall: Yes, Rich, it’s a good concept. People generally don’t think they are landlord very much. We don’t hear a great deal of appreciation. But having said that, I mean I think that tenants do appreciate it. Candidly, from my perspective, I worry that it’s taking advantage of the system as opposed to we will offer a safety net, we are all for helping people out that it can go too far in trying to find that comfortable middle ground, I think is what they are trying to do. And I am very glad I am not managing that program, by the way. So, I think it’s a good point. I think people do appreciate that part of California, and – but they are going to do what’s best for them, which ultimately will come down to their job and their quality of life and those factors that we spend most of our time thinking about.
Michael Schall: Yes. No, it’s a great question, great observation. And I think that the company is positioned sort of for the worst-case scenario, whatever might be in terms of the balance sheet and the overall structure. A world in which incomes are inflating and rents are inflating is a good world for us, I think. I mean I think that there will be opportunity. And even though our – probably, our interest costs would go up in that scenario, the vast majority of our debt is pretty well locked down in terms of maturities and rates. So, that would be a good world for us, and I think there is a reasonable chance that’s where we are on.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s – I mean the comment I would make is that cap rates tend to be pretty sticky over time. So, they don’t just change overnight just because interest rates move up or down. And I would say, back in those – the 2018 period you were referring to, we were maybe a little frustrated that cap rates weren’t moving down somewhat given how much the tenure had rallied. But until the COVID period, they remain pretty sticky even though you had pretty significant reductions in interest rates over that period of time. I think that probably you are not going to see cap rates adjust upward quickly. There is too much money looking for a yield and yield investment and 3% versus some of the options is still 3% and is still in the scheme of things interesting to some investors. So, I wouldn’t expect that to change it. Really is all about the flow of money and the number of investors that need yield and what the other yield alternatives are.
Michael Schall: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I appreciate your participation on the call, and we hope to see many of you in the not distant future at the Citi Conference. Thank you. Good day.
Adam Berry: Yes. John, so we have been tracking in other markets since really the platform was put into place, and we’ve actually – we’ve done – echo on my set. So we look slightly outside of our markets to where we think the fundamentals are still there. They – and so a couple of that we have done, we did one in Redland [ph], which is Inland Empire. That one is going well currently funded. And then we have one round trip in Sacramento. That market has obviously done very well. So we continue to track markets within our overall footprint, but a little outside, and we will consider a little further beyond that.
Adam Berry: Just to tack on a little there. We see every deal that’s marketed and every deal that’s not marketed, and so it’s always a relative game. And so we are underwriting consistently up and down the portfolio and jumping in where we see opportunity for that value add. Otherwise, we have seen deals in Bay Area closed at 3.1%, 3.2% cap, and that’s not where we are going to compete.
Adam Berry: That’s effectively right. And so John, it’s not even going in. So that 3.1%, 3 2% cap that I quoted is economics. So, taking all units to market as of today. So, there is – it doesn’t include any future growth, but that’s still absorbing loss of lease, so, yes, very competitive.
Adam Berry: Hi Joshua. This is Adam. I can start off. As Mike noted previously, we have been somewhat rotating outside of the urban centers now here for a few years since – before the pandemic, and so we use our research team to assess. We look at all the top line metrics to see what areas within kind of our core footprint makes sense. And that’s how to say, Sacramento, for instance, that deal was done pre-pandemic. And even at that point, the – between job growth and income and affordability, lack of affordability for single-family homes, it made sense on all of our metrics, which – that’s what drives our investment decisions. So, we have a research team that reviews all those metrics amongst a number of both our more core markets as well as more secondary markets.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi. I guess it’s still morning out there. Good morning. I wanted to – I have a question on your blended rate. I guess I am trying to better understand the cadence in the back half of the year versus the first half and some of the key drivers or underlying assumptions. You started off the year on a strong foot. You seem to be fairly optimistic about an improvement in back half of the year. But looking at the guide, there is a massive drop-off to get to your same revenue guide. So, maybe you can help me understand or square that a bit more. Thanks.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes. No, I guess the first question was more on the blended rate growth within the same-store, but the market commentary is helpful.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. So, if I understand it, should you be successful in getting – I guess I am trying to understand, how – what level of payments are kind of embedded? And where the upside – where that line lies, I guess I am having trouble understanding what exactly is the net number, the absolute number that’s included in the guide this year?|
