Michael T. Dance: Thanks, Erik. Today, I will highlight some of the key assumptions for our 2013 forecast. Our detailed assumptions are on page five of the press release and S14 of the supplement. For 2013, we expect consolidated same-property NOI to grow by 7% at the mid-point. For 2013, same-property portfolio will include the five properties we acquired in 2010 which require substantial lease up activity, as great properties acquired in 2011 and the Via development in Sunnyvale.  Our acquisition strategy focuses on allocating capital to the markets we believe will have the highest rental growth. The acquisition property is being added to the 13 of same-property portfolio are forecasted to grow net operating income by 8% compared to the average of 7% for the entire same-property portfolio. Operating expenses during the fourth quarter and for the year ended were at the low end of our guidance. Over the last four years, the same-property operating expenses have not grown by more than 2%. Clearly our portfolio benefits from the 2% limits on property tax increases in California. However, for the 2013 midpoint, the same-property operating expenses. We are estimating property taxes will increase by $2.2 million or a 5% increase. This estimate is based on new assessed values in Seattle and in California we’ve assumed the temporary Proposition 8 benefits will lapse and property taxes will revert back to their Proposition 13 valuation.  : We expect we will receive between $3 million and $6 million of promote income in the fourth quarter. During 2013, we plan to begin leasing at Epic and the Dublin, California development and complete the lease up of Expo. The net increase in dilution from the developments in 2013 compared to 2012 will be $1.8 million related to these projects. This dilution is the result of expensing all operating expenses once we begin operation and the cessation of capitalizing interest as apartments become available for rent, and down to the extent our lease-up incentives include free rent, it is our accounting policy to start recognizing rental income after the free rent period is complete. Expo is expected to contribute to FFO in the second half of 2013 when it yields approximately 7% in Q4. We are forecasting a 5% increase in general and administrative expenses including acquisition costs due to general wage increases and additional hiring as a result of the growth of the company over the past few years. That ends my comments. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Michael T. Dance: After Katrina, we started a captive insurance company. That insurance company has over $30 million in marketable securities. That has worked out very well for us. And then back in 2009/2010, we made some investments in the Freddie Mac type of a mortgage back securities and that are also in those numbers. So that’s the bulk of it.
Michael T. Dance: There is some accrual of interest on the trade securities, so that will grow just as we accrue interest on it. But and we get about $4 million a year in payments that the operating properties pay for the captive insurance, so that grows $4 million to $5 million a year with premiums and investment returns, so probably growth on the magnitude of $10 million a year.
Michael T. Dance: Sure, David. It’s Mike. We do our dividend increase as part of the next upcoming Board meeting and so that will be a topic for discussion. We expect that we will make a recommendation in the 8% to 12% range. I’m sure there will be a discussion, but we are confident that it will lie somewhere within that range.
Michael T. Dance: It's pretty much – I would say, most of its discretionary. We had a return of capital this last year, so most of it will be discretionary based on cash flows. 
Michael T. Dance: Apartment REITs get a much shorter life on depreciation, but we have much more of our income sheltered by depreciation expense.
Michael T. Dance: Yeah, David, again it’s Mike. We’ve evaluated that several times over the last couple of years and we conclude that with the very high institutional ownership that and typically the Southern stock is on a per share basis, the commissions or whatever are on a per share basis. And the listing fees and ongoing fees at the New York Stock Exchange make it unlikely that we are going to split the stock.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. Yes, it was. Basically that building is a student dominated building and so the leases that you see in the fourth quarter are essentially the leftover from the pre-leasing done during the summer. So the sooner we get those, the better we are for the rest of the year.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah, this is Erik. We actually do cap the rents at the majority of the properties to stabilize the assets including Northern California.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah, thank you. On the renewals and so but again depending on what the resident chooses for a term, we’ll dictate what the rent increase for the rate is.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah, I mean I think people want nice new modern finishes and in a number of these communities, we are also adding the washer and dryer which I think is important, is an enduring feature. So again, modest changes and taste, but there doesn't seem to be any pricing pressure. People want to pay for the nice units in the nice locations.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah. Broadly speaking, I think the sector has an issue with M&A because there is just very little that you can do to make transactions work. You have I think a combination of impediments with respect to the tax rules that affect M&A. You have relatively similar pricing, some premium – small premium or discount to NAV, all the stocks trading within a band that really doesn’t allow large premiums and you don’t have – I don’t think you have motivation in some cases with the management teams and boards. So I think you have a variety of impediments that really prevent M&A transactions from happening. So, I don’t see anything changing that in the near term and thus I would say our appetite for M&A is pretty limited, because it seems like a bit of a feudal effort.
Erik J. Alexander: I think key risk is always jobs number one and supply number two, and since you have visibility or longer visibility on the supply given the numbers that we are looking at, we don’t see that as a big risk and so it would take some bigger decline in jobs for – to hurt us there.Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah, this is Erik, and the answer to the second part of your question is, yes, we have seen incomes go up. It’s hard to measure the ones that are moving out, because I don’t know what they make up to move in, and they don’t share that with us. However, the ones coming in, obviously we will have on the application data and those levels are higher in all three of our markets. As to the percentage of income relative to the rents, the relationships with all remain the same in Seattle, the exact number in front of me. So I can't tell you that it is below 20%. It's like in the 17% to 19% range and in Northern California closer to that 24% range and then Southern California in between those two.
Erik J. Alexander: My opinion is, it can go a long way, particularly if we are doing our job and people like where they live. I think it's one of the more important decisions folks make about their life and where they spend their time, and when you look at some of the other markets in the United States where that ratio is much greater, that people choose to continue to be in those locations. And I think we see that the most in San Francisco.  So I gave you the feedback on the three major markets, but obviously, if you separate that out by sub-market, you're going to have people spending less percentage of their income in the East Bay compared to some of the people in downtown San Francisco, all things being equal on average. I mean, again, you get some of these applications that come in and they have pretty phenomenal incomes and they could be spent than less than 10% on their rent. But I think there is – the point of your question, I think there is a lot of room to grow.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. It can continue, I would expect again depending on the rate of growth that, you see some narrowing, as we capture that loss-to-lease, but clearly in areas where we expect higher growth like in the east side of Seattle and San Jose, and so forth. I still think that you could have a decent spread there.David Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Erik, one other one, just on your earlier comments on Seattle with the supply pressure downtown, and relative to East side, how competitive would that supply be with the East side over a longer time horizon? I think many of us have been to the market and the distance itself is not that significant.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, maybe it’s a little hard to say, but I can tell you that we are tracking it all last year, and we track it from where the people are coming from at Expo, and we have nobody that we have put in a category of moving from the east side so far, yet not one person, they're all coming from out of the area to take their job at the Gates Foundation or Amazon or Nordstrom or any number of those places. Could that change I suppose. Stuff became super attractive. But again I think there is a lifestyle issue that people want in downtown and there is a lifestyle situation that people want on the east side and they are different. You are right. I mean, it’s short distance. It’s not necessarily a short commute in the morning given the congestion. So, I think that plays a factor as well.David Bragg – Zelman & Associates: That's interesting. Thank you.
Erik J. Alexander: Yeah no, I’ve totally agree with you. I think you are under something there for that more right size companies. Yes.
Michael J. Schall: It was a great location obviously, but it was very small. It was only 50 units, and we were offered a price that made sense and we executed on it.David Toti – Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Self storage, operator, potentially. Thanks guys, I appreciate the detail.
Michael J. Schall: Alex, I think that every situation is a little different, and to make any generalized comments about what we might do differently, will depend, I think, on the situation, these things happen once every five years, let's say, and each scenario is a little bit different. They all have periods of activity perceiving them and then the activity itself, and it really depends. Your strategy is going to depend on that whole sequence of activity. So, I think it would be really difficult to make a generic statement about what might be different in the future.  And again, what I'm hoping we don’t do is turn this discussion into about the strategic investments, because – again from our perspective we need to focus our efforts on the things that are really important to us and we have a lot going on and we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. So rather than talk about something that is closed chapter in the book, we’d really rather focus this forward on the things that we are doing and the results and 2013 all the stuff that's happening out here.
Michael J. Schall: We did not source that through the mezz portfolio and the purpose of the mezz portfolio was legally and practically is to get the rate of return that we expect on the loan or whatever form it might take. Having said that, it does lead to the discussion, I mean you have relationship with the owner and that could lead to a transaction down the road and in a number of cases, it has at least led to a negotiation about whether we wanted to acquire the property.  In all of those cases, part of the sort of strategic aspect of that is to make loans on things that we would like to own that satisfy our broader criteria and therefore we have had some situations where we’ve been engaged in a discussion about buying a property. But up to this point, we’ve not been able to actually make that acquisition.
Michael J. Schall: This is to go a slippery slope, isn't it Ross? Just no comment.Ross Nussbaum – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, I’ll move on.
Michael J. Schall: Yeah, Eric, it's Mike. No, the intent was to acquire condo properties at apartment prices and when a condo premium, which throughout my career, I would say is close to 40% over a comparable apartment property that we would intent to try to realize that benefit in the case of Skyline, which is probably the largest and most notable example. It's really a lot better condo than it is an apartment building. And when you have wine lockers and snake-skinned couches, it's just really not an apartment building.  So we would definitely seek to try and realize the gain on that from that investment activity when time is right and when you have, it's amazing how quickly the median price home has moved on the coast. When you have 20 plus or minus percent increases in the median-priced house, you become, it get you closer to that day, I don’t think we are quite there yet, but I think it gets you closer.
Michael J. Schall: I think we are in a position that is, we have two good outcomes in life. If you have scenarios where you have a choice, both of which are good for you, that’s – it gets no better than that right? And so I think in this case, it’s exactly that and we have two good outcomes and we’re just going to wait for the right moment. And it could vary from property-to-property or situation-to-situation because they are not all alike in the case of Skyline for example I think there is great potential. And actually it’s optionality because we have the ability to convert one tower and not necessarily the other tower in a variety of choices along the way. So I think it’s just a great business problem to have and we will look to realize or maximize the proceeds and on those transactions and we are very excited about them.
Michael J. Schall: Hi, Jana.Jana Galan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could comment on your expectations for your development yields and the Expo project came in nicely under budget or if there is opportunity for some of the other projects to have some construction savings.
Michael J. Schall: Actually this is Mike speaking. I think our loss-to-lease was somewhere in the 4% range when we are going through that final budgeting process. So, you start with the loss-to-lease back then, and effectively F-16 is a market forecast, so these are market rents. And obviously for a market rent to be converted into a scheduled rental or into cash flow, we need to sign a new lease in effect or renew someone or sign a new lease. So there is a lagging part of the process there as we convert what happens at the market and to what is going on in the portfolio and so it's really just recognizing that lag.Jana Galan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Michael J. Schall: You can change it with a two-thirds vote of both parts of legislature, which is why the concern is out there now that the democrats control both legislatures by the two-thirds majority.Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. Okay, so no general election needed.
Michael J. Schall: Hard to say, I mean I am not scared about it, but unlike Los Angeles or Orange County where you’ve seen some sustained momentum, it is probably early to call that for us. So I mean we are optimistic about it, but as the forecast shows we are looking for modest rent growth there.Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Michael J. Schall: I think we both know, Rich.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets:  I was trying not to laugh when I was asking that question. 
Michael J. Schall: I think it’s really troubling me to use my own words against me. How dare you? This has been a little bit of an evolution in terms of thought process, like, I still think that there are some things that make sense from a broader perspective. But actually realizing them and if we can – we can negotiate with ourselves all we want, but the real world comes into play. So, I think you got me on that one Rich.
Michael J. Schall: No, because the concessions, we think are pretty artificial. I mean the concession is really to get the volume during a lease-up.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Michael J. Schall: To be two times the normal turn that you would have on a stabilized apartment building. So, we view that as essentially a cost of development.Richard Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thanks.
Michael J. Schall: Yeah, exactly what you mentioned. We like having diversity of capital. It’s not like if you decide you want to have JVs after not having any JVs, you can just go out and quickly raise some money, and therefore having the relationship are important. We’ve been able to balance them with some other activities that are beneficial to the Company.  So, for example, as we’re trying to build our unencumbered pool on balance sheet, if we need to assume a loan we can do so in some of the JV formats which keeps our secured debt on balance sheet at a relatively low level. But the broader point is to have different types of capital so that as conditions in the economy change and we see opportunities we can react to it with different types of capital and which hopefully will help us create accretive investments.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thanks very much guys.
Michael J. Schall: We are pretty open to broadening price points. I mean, we've become more active in As. Again, if we get the location right, we want to earn from E or even B minus, so we can make into a B, to an A product. We have been pretty active developers to try, which will almost by definition, all be A in very high quality location. And so, we have broadened a little bit on, again, the B versus the A side, again trying to get location right. The Cs are just tough because the issue there is you are dealing with, a variety of tenant issues and occupancy issues that we really want to avoid.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks very much Mike.
Michael J. Schall: I think it could be and I think that might make sense. But I also think we had recent transaction here, the Archstone transaction. I imagine that that was considered at some source. So, I think as these companies become larger and larger, I think you have a capacity issue to extent in terms of the transactions just require an enormous amount of money. So, I think that it's probably difficult in that case, and I think that some of the other transactions would be difficult just because of their share size.
Michael J. Schall: Thank you, operator. So in closing we want to thank you for joining the call. We appreciate your interest in the company. And you will really excited about 2013 and finally we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
