Michael Schall: Hey, Nick it’s Mike Schall. It’s a good question. There are many conversations that are going on at the local level with respect to rent control. And they are debating at the local level what exactly is going to happen if Prop. 10 passes. And – but at this point in time, either because they haven’t decided or because the deliberations are not open to the public, it’s pretty tough to tell exactly what they’re going to do or when they’re going to do it. There have been various cities that have tried to pursue new rent control proposals, including three that were defeated: Long Beach, Pasadena and Inglewood. There are some that are on the local ballot. Santa Cruz and Santa Ana are examples of that. And of course, there was the failed attempt to repeal the Washington state law that would have banned – that bans rent control currently. So there’s a lot of activity in this area, and none of it is complete. For example, it’s difficult to distinguish what types of rent control these different cities are going to have. Some forms, as noted in my comments, are extreme, those that involve controlling vacant units, for example. But many of them are not nearly that extreme. And therefore, there’s a lot of – a lot to be learned, and we still need a lot more information before we can make a good decision about what the impacts are going to be.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. yes, we, for a long time, have believed that as long as we’re in the band of 90% to 110% of long-term average rent-to-median income ratio, that, that tends to be a good spot in terms of rental pricing. If it’s below 90%, it probably indicates that there’s something wrong with the market. And if it’s above 110%, then you get into these affordability issues. And that ratio improved in each market, as noted in my script. And interestingly, in Northern California, we are under the 110% threshold in all three major metros. So that’s good news. And we’re pretty close to 110% in most of Southern California. So we’ve actually really come a long way with respect to affordability in the last several quarters.
Michael Schall: Again, it’s – we’re comparing the – this is the band of 90% to 110% of the long-term, 25-year, 1990 to 2017 average. So it depends by market. Typically, Southern California is in the 22% range typically, and Northern California is in the 22% range except San Francisco is more like 27%. And Seattle is about 19%. That’s the long-term historical average.
Michael Schall: Answer that. So yes, exactly. So if we’re going to create a occupancy headwind in Q3, then by pushing rents – obviously, the rent growth – we only have four months left of 2018, and so the benefit from the higher rent growth is going to mainly start us out on a positive foot into 2019. Keep in mind that loss to lease at the end of July was 3.5% this year versus 2% last year. So that increment, you could expect to help us in 2019.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. Yes, we’ve given a lot of thought to this, and we’ve done a lot of research on what the discussions are in these various cities. And it’s pretty difficult to glean any conclusions, obvious conclusions from those discussions because so many things are in flux right now. Because all rent control is not the same. There are, as we’ve said, relatively few cities that have extreme forms of rent control, and then there are other cities that have moderate forms of rent control. As we think of the world given – and John said this a few minutes ago, but I’ll just reiterate part of it from my perspective – there seems to be a real split in how to deal with California’s incredible housing shortage. A lot of the politicians and legislature have chosen to do things that are going to promote more housing development, consistent with California’s Global Warming Solutions Act, which effectively seeks to put housing and office next to one another and get people out of their cars. There were 15 bills signed by Governor Brown last year, for example, that had the objective of increasing housing development, raising money for affordable housing, penalizing cities that didn’t produce their housing element, et cetera. So you have that on the one hand, and then you have this whole other political movement to try to use rent control as a solution to a problem. Well, rent control obviously doesn’t produce more units. In fact, it produces less units because cities with extreme forms of rent control are going to produce less housing like they did last time around. So we know that. They also – there’s also a fiscal impact in that the estimated cost to the state and local governments is in the hundreds of millions of dollar range, which is, I would think, problematic as far as that goes. And then finally, the third problem with rent control is there’s conversions, for example, condos from rental housing into other forms of housing. So it actually depletes the housing stock. So what we’re talking about here is, there are people in the short term that will benefit from rent control, i.e., those that get a rent control unit. And then further down the road, there’s going to be greater shortages, and the people that will be most vulnerable in that scenario will again be the people of limited means because there’s going to be fewer houses – fewer housing units available in that scenario, and they’re likely to be more expensive and more difficult to obtain.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s Mike. Think of this as a big lagging machine. And what happens today, it doesn’t show up in the numbers until some future day because again, we have to turn leases in the new reality. So what we’ve done last year is we were given a choice between how much rent can we get in the third quarter. I’m talking about 2017. How much rent can we get? Or are we better off trying to push occupancy? We made an occupancy-based decision to push occupancy given that scenario. Now we’re looking at this year, 2018, and we come to a different conclusion. And the way it shows up in the numbers, it looks like it’s getting weaker, but - it’s not getting weaker, it’s getting better. It’s just going to take several months or couple quarters for you to really see the benefit of that. 2018, because of, again, the shape of the market rent curve, 2018, for the first half of the year, we have really tough comps because we gave up so much rent growth in the second half of 2017. That won’t happen this year. Again, I go back to this loss to lease being the critical piece of it, At the end of – July 2017, it was 2% and going down. And in 2018, it’s 3.5%, much more normal and much stronger. So again, it’s going to take a few months and some quarters for this to become apparent, but we’re looking down the road in terms of our pricing decisions and trying to maximize revenue down the road somewhere.
Michael Schall: Dennis I would add maybe one thing to that. And that is, it’s very difficult to determine when the supply is going to actually be completed because of these labor shortages and other things that tend to delay. So the way we have it now, for example, is we had much more supply in L.A. in the first half. But now, according to our projections, it looks like it’s mostly second half focused. However, we don’t know how much of that is actually going to get pushed into 2019. It’s just impossible for us to get down to that level of detail and to understand the labor markets in enough detail that we can make that comment. And Seattle is the other piece of it, which is, again, second – heavy second half supply in 2018. Some of that very easily could get pushed into 2019. So – but again, when we look at price and look at pricing and expectations, we use the best information we have, recognizing that some of these things are very difficult, if not impossible, to predict.
Michael Schall: That’s a – yes, okay, I get more of what you’re saying. Yes, the – we think supply and demand, critical housing shortage, we think there’s no way that demand catches up – or supply catches up with demand under any scenario. The issue is that when you get into some of these markets, the apartment deliveries are much more concentrated in the Downtown L.A. or Downtown Seattle, for example, South Lake Union in Seattle even more specifically than the downtown. And the more you get that concentration, the greater chance you have that several buildings are going to compete with one another and are going to start getting to six to eight weeks of concession, which effectively stops rental growth in your stabilized communities. So that phenomena is what I’m talking about. And this is periodic disruption. This has nothing to do with overall supply and demand. It just has to do with how aggressive owners become on lease-ups of multiple properties competing with one another in order to each absorb somewhere around 30 units a month. How far do they have to push rents or concessions in order to make that happen. I think that’s the key issue, and it’s very difficult for us to estimate what that would be. As noted in the comments on the call, Seattle tends to also be more seasonal with respect to job growth and demand. And so that’s why we have pushed back on Seattle or pushed those estimates down in terms of market rent growth for the year.
Michael Schall: It’s Mike. I’m not sure I understand exactly where you’re coming from. Let me just try and make a couple of broad comments. And Dennis, you can chime in here and – if I’m off base. We have – we’re operating in seven cities, as I noted in – on the call, in California. Four of them, we have more than 2,000 units in. And so the rest of them were, again, properties scattered throughout many cities in California, and there’s no greater concentration. So what we have done, and this is not a perfect science, what we’ve done is try to evaluate our portfolio in those four areas that we have the greatest concentration. Two of them have a less onerous but longstanding rent control ordinance. That’s L.A. and San Jose. And two of them do not have rent control at all. And so we’re, again, trying to monitor, make good portfolio allocation decisions, recognizing that our – we’re very diversified. And as John Eudy said, this conundrum of more – of rent control movement throughout California, while you have an enormous housing shortage and a bunch of law, again including the Global Warming Solutions Act, the 15 bills signed by Governor Brown last year, the conundrum embedded or the contradiction embedded in that discussion leads us to believe that there has to be a compromise somewhere in the middle, which will be to the benefit of less severe forms of rent control. But we don’t know, and it’s impossible to know at this point in time.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike, and maybe some others want to chime in here. There’s a lot of things happening that affect development. It’s one of the most sensitive parts of our business. I’ve made the comments with respect to our preferred equity program where we’re seeing less opportunities. We started the year with a very robust pipeline, and little by little, it’s been pared down. And our belief is we were somewhere around $100 million this year, but we thought we were going to be well in excess of that. And when you look at the factors that are constraining that production, it goes back to those things that I said. But you have some new things. We have tariffs, which include Canadian lumber, for example, and steel. And you have direct – the rent control discussions are not pro-development or pro-business for that matters. And so you have a number of issues that you didn’t have before. And even though the state is trying to produce more housing, the environment seems to be pushing against that, leading to that contradiction that I was talking about earlier.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. It’s interesting, again back to the scenario. So if there’s a few cities – let’s go back to the pre-Costa-Hawkins world, which we did just fine, by the way. In that world, as John and I have talked about, there were a few cities that had very extreme forms of rent control and basically we built no housing in those cities. So obviously, the demand is the demand for housing. And therefore, it has to go somewhere else. So if you have cities with extreme forms of rent control, you would be more likely to invest in the cities that are nearby those cities, the places where those – the people that are working in San Francisco, for example, or Berkeley, for example, might live. And we got – have a pretty good idea of how that will work. Because presumably, if you’re going to lock down housing in some cities, the cities that are the likely beneficiaries will be the cities nearby. And rents will – because again, you’re talking about a net reduction of rental housing in that scenario, rents will probably go higher, not less high. So they will benefit from the greater demand or the lack of supply, let’s say, that is caused by the rent control cities.
Michael Schall: Karen, it’s Mike and thank you for sticking with us. Anecdotally, we’ve heard that there are some more listings out there. But as I said in my comments, we really scrubbed all the deals that have been completed year-to-date just to make sure that we weren’t missing something. So we went through them one by one, the deals that were in our – in the markets that we care hear about. And so there was no indication that cap rates have changed in those transactions. But again, so there are some anecdotes that maybe there’ll be a little bit more transaction activity as we get to the back half of the year, although that’s not unusual because all the sellers now that rents peak in June and July, and, therefore, they typically wait until June or July to get the best underwriting of their deals. So I wouldn’t say that’s at all unusual.
Michael Schall: Karin, it’s Mike again. We’ve seen – when you look at production of housing in California, we’ve seen very, very low levels of production for single-family homes largely because of California’s Global Warming Solutions Act, which seeks to put housing – high-density housing near the jobs, lower carbon pollution, fix the traffic problems that we have, increase in spending for public transit, et cetera. So that agenda is sort of operating in the background, and that is not a pro-single-family home type of agenda. So we see more densification of housing in the urban markets. And so I don’t think that’s going to happen. I think that if anything, there’ll be more condos being developed, and I think that’s a big possibility. And more on that discussion as well as it relates to a number of our properties. So I think it’s more likely to be in the high-density area than it is in the single-family home.
Michael Schall: Yes, I totally agree with John. And I would say maybe one caveat because there are deals that have a significant amount of money that are already invested in them, and those are the ones that tend to move forward. When you get beyond those transactions because, let’s say, a 4% yield is better than having $10 million invested in a deal that’s not going forward. So you end up with that conundrum. But aside from that, I totally agree with John.
Michael Schall: Yes, John, this is Mike. It’s – that’s a – it’s a good question. And we – you – pretty much everything through the lens of supply and demand for housing. And so if the regulatory environment gets so extreme that you start seeing job growth slow, which drives the demand side, then that would cause us to make a different decision potentially. But we are always going to be the same. We’re going to look through the lens of supply and demand for housing, and we’re going to seek areas that have the best dynamic – the best supply-demand dynamic. And right now we believe that’s in California, in the various markets that we’re in. If that dynamic changes because of the political risk, then we would come to a different conclusion. So it’s – and I think it’s far from certain what California is going to do because we have seen, certainly on the office side and in a variety of ways, the local governments very willing to accommodate the growth of California, wanting to accommodate the Apples and Googles, et cetera, of the world. And you’re right, more recently, you’ve seen these head tax proposals and a variety of things that seem very focused on those entities. Notably, in Washington, Amazon, the head tax was repealed after being passed. But I think to give you some idea, there is some give-and-take here, and where the politicians come out on this is going to be really critical. I think, again, there’s a dichotomy here. You have Gavin Newsom that is supportive of our position with respect to Prop. 10. He’s not favor of the repeal, but the democrat party is in favor of repeal. You have a variety of issues going back and forth. I think we just need to let it play out. I mean, our hope is that reason prevails at the end of the day. And the – there’s a study by UC Berkeley’s Terner Center that starts a conversation about what should happen that I think is notable, and it’s available online. And so I think it’s too early to tell. And we will see – we will know in the next year or two which way this is going to go.
Michael Schall: I wouldn’t say redline because, again, an investment decision – rent control is only one factor within the investment decision. And in fact, you would say that if, for example, Santa Cruz decides to establish a pretty extreme form of rent control, would there be a cap rate that would also bend? It’s not the current cap rate environment, obviously, but, again, there’s a number of considerations that really prevent you from absolutely redlining things. Again, assuming that the cap rates and yields are not – don’t change very significantly to compensate you for that risk and for the lower return.
Michael Schall: Thank you. Hey, we’re so sorry for our technical problems during the call. Apologize for that. And I want to thank you for your participation today. Hope to see many of you at the BofA Merrill Lynch conference next month. Good day.
John Eudy: Yes. This is John Eudy. I’d like to add one comment. With the – all the cities that we deal with on the entitlement side, I can tell you the vast majority do recognize the fact that if rent control were to be initiated in a city, it would have a very large impact on their ability to produce housing. Most cities are behind on the housing element, and we believe that’s another governing factor. On – part of your question, you asked how long it would take. We don’t think most cities are waiting at the altar to initiate rent control, assuming Prop. 10 were to pass. We think they’re going to be thoughtful and methodical how they approach it. And it’s too speculative to say, like Mike said, exactly where it lands, but we believe that it will be done in a balanced way. In a few cities that do, it will probably be much less draconian as the 1970 version of rent control is our general belief.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy, Alex. There’s no question that cities understand that. And if we were to lose vacancy decontrol by virtue of a city passing that, it also brings in the element of a fair rider return. And it’s pretty clear that if you don’t have the ability to turn units at market, you wouldn’t be able to achieve that. So there’s a legal argument there that also keeps the cities in line to understand that metric. So we believe the vast majority of cities get it. There will be a few exceptions that we’ll have to work with if it comes to that.
John Eudy: Well, I can say that in our dealings with cities on a couple of entitlements that were in the process, most cities’ impact on their stack is far less than it was a year and two years ago. There are far fewer deals being processed now than there were in the peak, if you will, of the development pipeline buildup between 2014 and 2015. So I think that the outlook two years from now is going to be very much aligned lower than it is in the worst-case exception that it’s growing because it’s not. And then the headwinds between construction costs and the concern right now in the short run with the Costa-Hawkins repeal is muting it even further. So supply is going down.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy, John. It depends on the specifics, obviously, but far less than it would motivate you to do a deal. If you take it on today’s numbers, probably average somewhere in the high – and that’s buying land at today’s number and entitlements out a year. So the high 3%, low 4%, 4.25% at the high.
John Burkart: Sure. Job growth – this is John. Job growth, obviously, moves around quite a bit, and we follow it on a monthly basis. But in the end, we’re expecting the economy is doing – well, we see the economy doing very well right now. We raised our numbers a little bit to reflect that reality. We’re not expecting a big slowdown, but the numbers are somewhat volatile. So we just see a solid second half as it relates to job growth and just with some limited movement up and down.
John Burkart: Hey, Alex thank you for the compliment, I guess, and this is John. And where we’re at as it relates to the numbers, I – in my script, I mentioned that July, we were at 96.1% occupancy very specifically to show that occupancy really has drifted down pretty significantly. And I, of course, ended the script with the fact that we’re at 96.5% current fiscal. So we’ve pushed it back up some. But that 30 basis point changed from last year for the third quarter, which the third quarter last year we were at 96.7%, and so we’re expecting to average in on the third quarter this year at 96.4%, still a good number, it’s real. There’s a real headwind, and it really is a difference from Q2 when we had a 30 basis point benefit. That’s a 60 basis point swing. So the real numbers, it relates to the strategy change, and then that actually tied back to yes, the market is performing as expected and it’s performing well. And the curve has – market peaked, as expected, in July as opposed to early, and so we were adjusting to that. So no, we’re not seeing – baking it in a big way, but thank you for the compliments.
John Burkart: I’ll – this is John. I’ll start and Mike want to – Mike might want to follow on. But really – certainly, we have strong demand out in the marketplace, and it’s showing in the curve. As well as, supply was a little bit light in the first half of the year, which we benefited from. So it’s really a combination, and that’s probably what brought the curve back to what you might say is the normalized seasonal pattern. And the result of that is better year-over-year comps as it relates to market rents and then, therefore, the shift in operations strategy.
John Burkart: So you know what? It seems like that’s just the ongoing theme for the last two years, is supply keeps getting pushed out. And certainly, in some markets like in L.A, we saw supply getting pushed out, and it continues to be pushed out. So yes, it’s not the supply somehow kind of evaporated, it’s just more of a – it continues to be delayed, and we’re benefiting from that. It’s – when the supply all comes at the same time in a concentrated area, that’s problematic. In context, the amount of supply that’s in the marketplaces, in MSAs, versus the demand, we’re clearly upside down there. We obviously have a housing crisis. We do not have enough supply. But it impacts pricing when it all gets delivered at the same time, same place. And so at this point in time, it’s – this last half of he year has been a little slower.
