Mike T. Dance: Thanks, Erik. Today, I will provide comments on our first quarter results, followed by highlights on the recent balance sheet activity and close with new guidance for the full year, which includes BRE. First, I’ll start with the same-property expense growth in the quarter, which grew at 4.6%. While the growth was above the high end of our guidance range, it was consistent with our plan for the year. The cause of the above average growth was due to higher taxes in Seattle, the timing of scheduled repairs in maintenance and higher utility rates relative to last year. For the second quarter, we expect our same-property expense growth to be around 5%. And in the second half of the year we expect the growth rate to moderate to approximately 2%. For the full year, we expect same-property expense growth to be within the 3.5% at the midpoint. Merger expenses incurred in the first quarter total approximately $16 million and was comprised of local transfer taxes on the BRE assets transferred on March 31, professional fees incurred, and the cost of the commitment for the bridge loan, which was canceled on March 31. In total, we expect to incur approximately $70 million of merger expenses in 2014, which will reduce reported FFO, but be excluded from core FFO. Next, I will comment on the capital markets transactions and provide a post merger update to the financial metrics of our combined balance sheet. Through the end of April, we issued $191 million in equity to fund our acquisitions and development pipeline. In April, we went to the bond market and issued 10 year unsecured notes at 3 7/8% or 128 basis points over the 10 year treasury rate. Given the outsized demand for our notes, we upsized the offering relative to our original expectations. These capital market events, while very attractive long-term costs of capital, will have a short-term negative impact to our 2014 earnings of approximately $0.05 per share due to the timing and the magnitude relative to our original plan. We have now waived the long-term debt, the equity and the joint venture capital originally planned as part of the BRE transaction, enabling us to avoid the extra costs of funding the bridge loan announced with the merger. We believe these post merger capital markets activity clearly demonstrates the cost of capital benefits we envisioned as part of the BRE transactions. The Essex post merger pro forma April balance sheet continues to strengthen. While the debt to total market capitalization of 31% is relatively unchanged from the end of the first quarter, the unencumbered net operating income to total net operating income has increased to 63% and our secured debt to total assets has decreased to 18%. While the net debt to EBITDA ratio has increased by approximately 1 turn, the forecasted growth and net operating income from the stabilized portfolio and the delivery of the development pipeline will improve this ratio to approximately 7 times by March 2015. I will now highlight the changes to our new 2014 guidance. On page 6 of the press release, you will find the key assumptions regarding BRE, and on F13 of the supplement, we have provided the line item details for the original Essex guidance with the changes from the mergers' key assumptions. We have increased the midpoint of our core FFO per diluted share estimate by $0.05. The $0.05 per share updates the Essex guidance for the capital markets activity I noted earlier, and includes the expected contributions from the BRE portfolio and the combined synergies from eliminating redundant public company costs and corporate positions. To date, the achieved savings exceed our initial plan for 2014. However, the greater savings are offset by the negative impact from the Mission Bay 360 fire. We now expect to achieve the high end of our prior range for accretion from the merger on a full year run rate basis, as we are more confident than we -- that we will be able to exceed the synergies we originally underwrote. In closing, I wanted to provide a quick explanation as to how the fire at Mission Bay 360 impacts our 2014 FFO guidance. Properties acquired in the business combination are assigned fair values as of the merger close date. Our original forecast assigned a fair value to the Mission Bay 360 development based on the assumption that leasing activities would begin in the second half of the year. After the loss from the fire, the value of the damaged property is significantly below the historical cost basis and results in less capitalized interest beginning on April 1 and continuing through reconstruction. If the fire had not occurred, our 2014 guidance range would have increased by another $0.03 to $0.05. That ends my comments and I will turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Mike T. Dance: Well, what you see on the $25 million, that is net of cost that they capitalize or allocated to property management. So it is not a simple exercise and rather than getting into the details, we can probably do that offline.
Mike T. Dance: Yes, with the merger integration costs, there's a lot of noise going through that schedule. So starting in 2015, we'll continue to provide that, but we want to get the merger and integration costs through the system to make that disclosure more meaningful.
Mike T. Dance: That was in the old version. So that we would continue, not to say it can't be improved on, but your input will be valued. 
Mike T. Dance: Good question. This is Mike Dance. We have not yet decided, so we are kind of working through the options and we'll come up with what we think is the best presentation.
Mike T. Dance: Depending on which will partially take, that would be if we do the pro forma as if we bought BRE out of a pooling of interest, we would show the combined. But that's -- again that will part of the decision making process.
Mike J. Schall: Sure, Nick, this is Mike Schall. We do a pretty good ranking of each property. We looked at every property, underwrote each one of them and we tried to find properties that were consistent. In other words, we wanted to own over the long haul, but we tended toward the higher cap rate type of properties and tried to match that with the right investor. We think that that leaves us with a very, very strong portfolio, well diversified within the different marketplaces. And I guess it's a little bit like painting a picture, in that you move through it piece by piece, trying to match the investor with the assets and coming up with something that you think is fundamentally attractive and appropriate, given our business plan going forward. That's how we approached it. So there's not a simple answer to that. It was an evolutionary process, and but I think the outcome worked out very well for us.
Mike J. Schall: Sure. We just closed our first transaction post merger, Piedmont in Bellevue in the Pacific Northwest. And we are accumulating transactions. Actually, the deal flow going into the summer appears to be picking up and as you know, principally because John Eudy who's here with me today and Craig Zimmerman have so much credibility in the marketplace, we tend to get a look at virtually everything. So I'm hopeful. As it stands today, we're looking at several transactions. We've committed to none of them. And -- but again, the deal -- within a deal flow volume that is picking up. I would say going back to our guidance would be our first step this year, which was $300 million to $400 million. We expect to achieve that level and whether we can go above that remains to be seen. We're working on it.
Mike J. Schall: That's a good question. And we like both right now. Northern California still has a lot of room to run, when Erik read through his script, every time I hear it, I marvel at how much positive news there is out there. And the economy once it starts clicking, it's a momentum thing and momentum does not generally change real quickly unless there's an asset bubble or something else materially changes to changes scenario. So that's what we like about Northern California. Having said that, Northern California, if you look at price per unit, look at rent per square foot, appears to be becoming more pricey, although the rent to median income statistics are still well within the desirable range and that causes us to look to Southern California. So I'm going to say about the same thing that I said last quarter, which is, we like -- we like all of the markets. We would have a slight preference for Southern California, given lower valuation metrics.
Mike J. Schall: Dave, its Mike Schall and Erik may want to chime in here as well. Yes, I think that's what is achievable. I think that the Essex versus BRE scenario included they have about 10% more turnover of units and the way they price their renewals is fundamentally different from Essex. And what they view as the sweet spot with respect to occupancy and availability are different from Essex. And so what Erik has done is he has consolidated the revenue management function. Actually, the person that's leading that is a BRE executive under John (indiscernible) leadership, or under his guidance. And so we're running both LRO and yield start. But we view both of those as being essentially tools and really the strategy is what's important. And so we've changed the strategy. It's consistent going forward. And the only thing that you would think that we could not pick up would be, I agree, the sub market allocation, which will change over time obviously as the slow, steady recovery in Southern California continues to get better and we go through periods of time. So even -- I'd say even that the 1.6%, 25% of the 1.6% was attributable to sub market allocation. Obviously, that'll change over time as the relationships between the sub market rent growth vary from market-to-market.
Mike J. Schall: As someone noted, one of the research pieces noted that we didn't have to deal with the polar vortex. Although we did have to deal with droughts, fires, earthquakes and other random events. The worst thing, I think that a number of people that are knowledgeable and have been through this process, including one of our Board members that was involved in several bank M&A transactions, said watch out for the cultures and integrating the cultures and integrating across different offices and a variety of things, is the most challenging event. And I'd have to say that I think that is, that proved accurate. I think that we did a really good job of getting out ahead of that. I sent Mr. Burkart and Mr. Alexander on a mission to go to attend the BRE company meetings and annual awards ceremony and they answered questions for an hour plus at the BRE meetings before the merger. And so we tried to work that together so that the teams can come together. But as you can imagine, there are fears. They're human beings with concerns about their job and what it means and how it could be different and who are the new leaders of the Company and how will they treat us, and so overcoming that I think was -- is challenging. It's not done by any means, but it's an ongoing process, and I think we've done well with it.
Mike J. Schall: Well, I don't think that we're exactly over the hump, no. I think that there is still plenty of issues to be overcome. People, for example, they -- all things being equal, people want to utilize the system. We talked about integrating systems. Well all things being equal, people want to utilize the systems they're most used to, and that obviously can't happen. We need to become one company, and we need to merge these together. And so people need to work with us to both make the right decision, which sounds simple, but it's somewhat threatening to the people. My view is we're going to continue growing as a Company. There's going to be plenty of opportunity out there for those that buy into the culture and love the company like I do and so that it shouldn't -- it won't be an issue. However, when you get into the nitty-gritty of that, what that looks like, it is a little bit problematic.
Mike J. Schall: No, I'm just kidding. The issue there is the cost of splitting the shares when you are in the high, what 90% institutionally held and typically you're charged are per share cost to sell stock. So it just seems to fit our profile and it seems to make sense to us so we probably will not split the shares.
Mike J. Schall: Hi, Mike, it's Mike Schall. There were two assets in Phoenix, plus a joint venture on a third asset in Phoenix that were being marketed by BRE in Q4 and Q1. Ultimately did not sell and we will look to sell those assets at the appropriate time? So we still have some cleanup with respect to those assets.
Mike J. Schall: Tayo, yes, this is Mike Schall. We are ever closer I think as time goes on. The key metric there I think is the year-over-year increase in housing prices. And if you look at -- if you look at some of the specific metros, the closer you are to downtown San Francisco, for example, and really down the peninsula, some very interesting things are happening. And condo prices for well located properties are moving up pretty significantly. And in fact, one of the Senior Executives here is listing his condo because he got an eye-popping number. And so I think we're getting closer and with respect to a couple of metros. But as a general statement, we have somewhere around 7,000 apartments that could be converted to condos. We're talking about a relatively small subset of the portfolio at this point in time and really focused on San Francisco and some of the other Northern California cities.
Mike J. Schall: We're filing a Q hopefully Friday that'll show pro forma at a very high level. There is no requirement for them to file a Q, so there will be limited disclosure on those statements other than what we are required to produce for 8-K or pro forma going forward.
Mike J. Schall: There's no requirement to do so. So there's no -- again, what would be required for us you'll purposes, you'll see some net income on a pro forma basis in the Q that we file on Friday.
Mike J. Schall: Hi, Haendel. That's a great question, thank you for that. Not as long as I lead the Company. So I mean my view is you can add -- we've added a zero or two to the Company over time and it doesn't fundamentally change anything. It doesn't fundamentally change my job or how we have learned to make money in this business and do the things that we do. So it is actually the opposite of that. I would expect us to continue to be opportunistic to try to understand markets and I think that we will have greater resources to do so. And I think that if there's been one limitation that we've had as a Company, it's been because we're flat and G&A-constrained, let's say. We have a few more resources than we've had in the past. I'll give you an example. BRE had a business intelligence unit that had several people and we've taken over that. We believe strongly in it. And we think that given, or having the ability to have that type of entity within the Company will help us make better decisions, help us understand the portfolio better, and so I think it's actually the opposite. I think that the reason why we thought that BRE transaction made sense was, number one, because the real state made sense on a per share basis. But number two, we think that this business is -- there is an element to this business that is scalable and part of that is how we deal with problems and opportunities and having the required resources in order to maximize the ultimate outcome. So long winded, but I think that's what we're focused on and that's why we're very excited about both the short term and the long term of the BRE transaction.
Mike J. Schall: History, so it's not on -- it won't be on the Essex books, there were -- all the BRE related merger costs that have been incurred prior to the merger were expensed by BRE in the past. And the other component that doesn't show up there is the diluted share count, the impact of the change of control on option and RSU vestings, both the share count.
Mike J. Schall: I suspect that the vast majority of it will fall into 2014. And most of it, the attorneys, the investment bankers, the -- all those related costs have been incurred and will be part of the second quarter and that it will drop off. The merger integration expenses will be ongoing. We've made some comments about what those categories are and they will -- again, we're not going to be in a huge hurry to try to integrate the systems because from our perspective, we've grown from $6 billion to $16 billion in enterprise value and essentially taken our time to work through how we deliver the service and what the best options are with respect to the structure of the Company, are very important decisions and we're not going to feel like we have a gun to our head in order to make those decisions quickly.
Mike J. Schall: It's Mike Schall. Mike's comment is from an accounting standpoint. From a Managerial perspective, we are very focused on trying to close that gap between our growth rate and BRE's growth rate. That is one of our primary internal metrics, so we're going to be looking at it primarily from that perspective. But what Mike said about the accounting side also very relevant. So, wanted to give you pieces of both. 
Mike J. Schall: It's Mike Schall and if you drive out there in that Mission Bay Area, San Francisco, it is truly an amazing place. And so we think the long-term viability of the asset is every bit as good, if not better, than it ever has been. And so we're very excited about the project and obviously disappointed with the fire and all the outcome. And by the way, there's a longer process there with respect to testing the podium strength and the PT cables and a variety of other things. So that's an ongoing process and it's still way too early to comment about exactly what's going to happen there. 
Mike J. Schall: Thank you, everyone, really appreciate your participation on the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in June. And we also look forward to doing this all over again next quarter. So good day. Thank you.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Yeah. Hi, everyone. We're frequently told in the aftermath of a merger that everything exceeded expectations. I'm just wondering if I can pose the question, what's been the least positive development as we've gone through this process.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Yeah. Hi, again. I'm looking for a little clarification on the merger-related expenses. You've expensed $16 million in the first quarter. And I'm looking at the guidance, and Mike Dance I think you made reference to $17 for the year.
David Harris - Imperial Capital: Okay. What -- there's a footnote here saying excludes BRE merger costs of $35 million on the right-hand side of that -- these numbers on the S13 page.
