Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I'll start with a few comments about the quarter followed by an update on our funding plan for investments and the balance sheet. As noted in our earnings release in earlier comments, this will be a challenging quarter with declines in both same property revenue growth and core FFO per share. The 3.8% decline in same property revenue growth is primarily driven by two key factors. First, we took a conservative approach and reserved against, approximately 75% of our delinquencies, which negatively impacted our same property revenue growth by 2.9%. This information is available in a new table at the bottom of Page 2 of our press release, along with other additional details. Second, we report concessions on the cash basis in our same property results, which reduced our growth rate by approximately 1% compared to using the straight line method. The combine negative impact to same property revenue growth from both of these accounting treatments is 3.9%. As for our core FFO per share growth, the total negative impact of delinquencies in the second quarter is 20%, without this, our core FFO per share growth would have been positive 1.5%. More details are available in a new reconciliation table on Page S-15 of the supplemental, along with additional disclosures on operations. On to operating expenses, same-store expenses increased by 6%, primarily driven by Washington property taxes, which have increased approximately 15% compared to the prior year. As you may recall, taxes in Seattle decreased by 5% in 2019, resulting in a difficult year-over-year comparison, our controllable expenses have remained generally in line with plan for the rest of the year. Turning to funding plan for investments and the stock buybacks, we are expecting to spend approximately 205 million in 2020 between our development pipeline and structural finance commitments. In addition, we have bought back 223 million of stock year-to-date, bringing total funding needs to 428 million. As for funding sources, we expect 150 million of structured finance redemptions and we closed on the sale of three assets for 284 million. In total, we have 434 million of funds available which covers all new funding obligations this year on a leverage-neutral basis. Moving onto capital markets, the finance team was very productive in the second quarter, securing a $200 million term loan, which was used to pay down all remaining 2020 debt maturities. In June, we opportunistically issued 150 million in bonds, achieving a 2.09% effective rate for 12-year CAGR and use the proceeds to pay down our line of credit. Lastly on the balance sheet, our reported net to EBITDA was 6.4 times, an increase from prior quarter primarily related to how we account for delinquency reserve. Adjusting for the impact of delinquencies, our net debt to EBITDA would have been six times. With nothing drawn on our line of credit, an approximately 1.4 billion in total liquidity, our balance sheet remains strong as we continue to maintain our discipline approach to capital allocation. Thank you and I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Michael, that’s a good question. I think it depends on what it's being used for. So, for example, if it's for groceries or to relocate our tenants, it'll be a G&A item. But if it's for something that’s revenue related, impacting, say, delinquencies, it would be a contra revenue items. And so, at this point, it’s too early to see where that geography lands. But the intention is really more of a G&A item, and we'll see what that means anything.
Angela Kleiman: Hi, this is Angela here. If you’re looking at the amount of revenue that is not reserved, we are essentially at over a 100% collected for same store, which means some of that of course goes towards delinquency. But keep in mind this is only July, one month. And so to John's point, we are seeing good behavior and most people are trying to be responsible, but it just too early to be okay what does that trend mean given this is July numbers. 
Michael Schall: Yes, Jeff. Let me just add a little bit more kind of America point of view, because I totally agree with what John says. And I think that, things are in ultimately pretty good order considering the fact that we've had a 10% loss of jobs in June. So, that's an extraordinary number of jobs being lost and more than the financial crisis. And as a result, that's going to impact our performance and our economy. And there are a couple of pieces that are just so fundamental and these are the things I tried to bring out in my script. Basically, tourism is shut down and obviously the West Coast tourism is a pretty big deal. A lot of people like to go to San Francisco and to the various L.A. places. But with restaurants and bars shut down, those services are not available and you probably can't get there. It is difficult to get there given all the various shutdown orders, et cetera. And the other kind of key parts to our economy are certainly the film and content production in L.A., which we'd realize exactly how big a problem that was with respect to your COVID-19 and prevention of COVID-19, and producing content. And then finally, the tech flow down that I commented on in my scripts. So, all these things are actually things that are demanded in the marketplace and they will recover. And yes, it'll take time and we're certainly disappointed about the second wave and the renewed shutdown orders. In many cases, restaurants and bars were open for a couple of days and then shut down again in California. And so this has been incredibly disruptive in California and has made it difficult to get traction on things that really matter. Generally speaking, we have areas with pretty substantial amounts of wealth. Wealthy people like to consume services and including restaurants and bars, also people that have a choice between living in the hinterlands where you can make $15 an hour versus working in the city in a restaurant job restaurant type job, making $50 an hour. That's why they're, that's why people go to city. So basically, most of these relationships and activities have been shut down, again on a temporary basis, and I think California has been incredibly, let's say, vigilant with respect to these shutdown orders. They've been very extensive throughout the market places and continue to have an impact. So, with the easing of that and with better COVID news, I think you're going to see things open up relatively quickly.
Michael Schall: No, Michael, it's a combination of both. And we set up at the beginning of the crisis, we set up a resident response team and they found extraordinary needs out there. And including people for example that didn't have money for food and other essential needs. So, we – actually, the executive group in that case essentially donated some money to provide meals for people. And then we realized that even more broadly, we have other needs because there are people that have lost their jobs and don't have great prospects for getting another job. And so, we wanted to have an entity that would provide relocation money and similar types of services. And so we decided to set up the Essex Cares entity in order to do that. So in that situation where it's not doing them any good, they need to move on in their life and find something. If we can provide those relocation benefits, it's good for them. It gets them into a better place. And, in our case, we have -- and I mentioned ordinances so we can evict them anyway. So, it's probably better for everybody. So, I think that this is a good example of finding sort of the common good as it relates to the current situation and providing an opportunity to let people move to pursue their life and better their life.
Michael Schall: Well, I don't think we've decided exactly. I think the portion that came from the employee pool is somewhere around $500,000 and the rest came from FX, but that's not a not a perfect number, but a rough number, that's what we did.
Michael Schall: Sure. So, it moves around daily literally, but I can tell you that for a period of time, we completely eliminated them out of San Diego, Orange, Ventura and parts of a Contra Costa. Subsequently, we've moved back in week to two weeks here and there, other markets, and it's certainly Seattle falls in that bucket as well. Other markets like San Francisco, we continue to offer concessions somewhere in the range of four to eight weeks. it depends And San Mateo, pretty high with concessions and a similar number of weeks. And Silicon Valley is a mixed bag, but there are concessions in Silicon Valley, especially near the least ups. There is both Downtown Oakland and Silicon Valley and then some in San Francisco, where there's lease up that obviously is a concessionary market. But we are pulling them back and we're going back and forth. And part of it is, we run the Company as a portfolio and not asset by assets. So where we see opportunity where the markets are stronger, like Orange County and San Diego, Ventura, we're going to allow that to increase the occupancy increased a little bit more and offset some of the areas that are a little bit weaker like San Francisco.
Michael Schall: Yes, Alex suddenly, I try to tie this in, pretty specifically back to what's going on, on the job front. And, John, so John mentioned, the things you've done better and probably didn't draw enough attention to this. But in my script, I said, year-over-year job growth declines have moderated almost 400 basis points to 10.1%. So, from my perspective, things are really horrible in April. We fell off a cliff in terms of occupancy, and a variety of other things. We had an additional challenge in that we had all of these anti-eviction ordinances. And if someone wanted out of their lease, given the backdrop of having an anti-eviction ordinance, we were actually, I would say, motivated to let them out of their lease probably to a greater extent than many other places would be. And then, so, we did so that accounted for sort of the occupancy drop, and then you things got better. And again, job declines, moderated 400 basis points and the results got better. And so I would, that's kind of the point of my script is to say, we need things to continue to get better. And that's going to be intertwined with the COVID-19 experience going forward. And we remain hopeful that it's certainly -- we certainly believe is going the right direction. We certainly believe that mankind and potentially a vaccine or therapeutics or whatever, it is going to continue to moderate the picture. But we did positive developments, certainly, as it relates to the shutdown orders. And once again, it looks like we're hitting a new peak on this second surge. And so, maybe we can open the restaurants again and we can do some other things. I was talking to some people recently about restaurants in Palo Alto, and they're shutting down, partially shutting down the streets, so they can move more and the tables out on the streets and then have a traditional restaurant experience outdoors, that won't work in the winter, but in the summer that'll be great. So, there is incremental improvement for sure, and just good thoughtful people can overcome a lot of these challenges. So, I would expect certainly the progress to be ongoing. But whether we can take a big step forward or when we take the big step forward, we're still unclear as to when that might be. Hopefully that makes sense. So, we're making progress. We want it to be faster. It's a little too slow, but it seems to be going in the right direction.
Michael Schall: Yes. I mean, that's a fair statement Alex. So, San Francisco is still challenged. We're trying to figure that one out, but it's a very small part of our portfolio. But the other markets clearly responded to pricing and we've said this back that we saw traffic increased pretty dramatically and that's when we made the decision to get aggressive and lease up the portfolio. So, yes, our pricing was intended to increase occupancy. It worked very well. We've pulled back from that. We're maintaining occupancy, it's still, we're working very hard. We're watching things daily, but we're, we're not seeing things fall backwards in your words. San Francisco again is a little challenged, pretty challenged.
Michael Schall: There's going to be, I mean, there's no doubt, there is going to be a mixed bag of people. But like I said in my remarks, we had 18%, around one out of five assets where we had positive delinquency, meaning it contributed to revenues because people that owed us were paying back payments. So, there's a lot of hard work and people out there, we continually see these headlines, people struggling to get the unemployment payments. So, my sense is as the money is coming through, many of them are trying to make a good effort to pay us. In the end, there will some that take advantage of us. There always are. But, I don't think that's the majority. But how it worked out, certainly as this thing drags on, it becomes harder to tag, and so we're cautious on how this whole thing plays out as it relates to collections and delinquency.
Michael Schall: Well, it's difficult to see exactly how COVID is going to play out as it relates to that. Obviously, rents are declined and certainly since AB 1482 was passed, rents have declined. So, why not give 1482 a chance to work because it seems to be working. And again, what is the need for another ballot proposition that effectively attacks the same issue that the legislature has already acted upon. And I think that that issue actually helps us because, again, we have a legislative solution. So, why do we need to go to the ballot box? Certainly with respect to the sponsor that has very little to do with housing, and, and fight that battle. So, but that's where we are. And, we'll we will see, I mean, there'll be more coming out on Prop 21 in the coming weeks, so happy to discuss, if you want to call separately or whatever. And then, I guess I would also mentioned the porphyry of anti eviction ordinances, which are incredibly difficult and you're like, John, I give great credit to the ethics team because sorting through city, county state, and even, federal laws with respect to and I think ordinances and all the different things that are that are out there, there's a tremendous amount going on. They are constantly changing all of these various eviction ordinances being extended different terms. I think that there will likely be some legal action on some of them because they're pushing the envelope with respect to I think, what would normally seem to be appropriate in the circumstances. And I throw out as an example that San Francisco permanently banning landlords from eviction. This is at any time in the future for COVID-19 delinquencies. So, I mean, we definitely have an uphill struggle with respect to collections. And to the extent, it almost appears that if you never have to -- if you never have to have accountability for your delinquency, then it almost seems like and we can't -- there's no late fees, there's no interest charges, you almost make create a scenario where there's no incentive to pay the landlord. So, this is the dilemma because we're not in many cases allowed to ask for documentation of a COVID-19 hardship and normal things that one would expect. So, this continues to be an ongoing dilemma.
Michael Schall: Yes, we're here for very specific reasons. So, we -- I think we're actually pretty diversified as it relates to the major metros on the west coast, which, again, it's a big part of the globe, global economies while I think California and Washington or something like a fifth largest economy in the world. So, we're not talking about a small area and what we've done is tried to diversify with respect to product and in many, many cities up and down the West Coast. So, I think we're actually more diverse than that might seem. And having said that, why are we here? We're here because supply and demand for housing is very attractive and rents grow better over time. And so, if there were other places that had similar long term rent growth as the West Coast, we would likely be there. But that doesn't exist. And so, we're trying to maximize the growth of the portfolio over time and do it in a thoughtful way and certainly a risk adverse way, and diversify the portfolio within the West Coast, which again, it's a very large area. And so, we will look at and we constantly look at other geographies and other opportunities and we'll continue to do that. We certainly do that once a year in our strategic planning session with the Board, which comes up here in September. And so, we'll continue to do that and maybe this will change it a little bit, but I would say, the anecdote to maybe a little bit less diversity is a very strong balance sheet. So, you have to withstand the periods of time when there is more volatility and we've done that. And as a result, we believe that, we have kind of the best of both worlds. We have a very strong balance sheet that can withstand significant shocks and on the other hand have among the highest long-term growth rates and rents.
Michael Schall: It looks like it's starting to abate finally, but I think it might be a little bit longer term than that. Having said that, we fell off the cliff in terms of occupancy in April and again, because of these anti eviction ordinances, we were probably more aggressive at letting people move on with their life if they lost their job and needed more affordable housing than some of the others. And that caused vacancy to decline more. And, but it also set us up to find a tenant that can be a good long-term tenant. And so there were some definite trade-offs during the quarter, and then playing catch up with respect to using concessions to build occupancy as John alluded to definitely cost us something. And again, as in July, we're in a much better position and we don't have that. We don't have that overhang that we have to deal with.  So I would say that's incrementally better, certainly unemployment going from improving by 400 basis points. That's going to help us in the quarter. So there is good news out there and but as I tried to allude to in my comments, we need the film production business to come back. That looks like a choppy road. And even restaurants, all the service jobs and restaurants and bars, et cetera, that looks like a somewhat choppy roads. So cautiously optimistic and we'll see, but I do think the next quarter will be better than the last that's for sure. 
Michael Schall: Yeah, it's a little above. I mean, what we try to do is look at other major metros, similar to the West coast, there's some element of supply constraints. We look at the stability of the economy and the federal government in Washington DC is pretty darn stable employer of people. And so it tends to do better when things are or not ongoing, well, although it also can produce a fair amount of apartment supply at the same time, so that comes back and hurt it. But, we look at things much like trying to find markets that are like the West coast, which are very difficult to find. And then we also consider blurring the line. So at what point in time might we go to some of the other markets that are near our existing markets, but just a step further out.  We own an asset in Santa Cruz. We've owned assets in Tracy and the inland empire. And, I'd say, you know, our experience there is, those are very much timing markets. And so, is there a possibility of example, setting up a coinvestment type entity, which inherently will have an exit for a period of time and then exit and do more a timing type trading is something that we also consider and so I'm not sure what we're going to do. I do know that, from feedback from our board that they are going to want to take a harder look at this issue. So we'll be having more robust conversations about it. 
Michael Schall: Yes, it is a great question. And I will say that we are surprised at the incredible, both number of eviction related and tenant protection related bills that come out of this. And it certainly in the short-term, we had our own our own self imposed limitations for 90-days on evictions and rent increases and a variety of other things. So I think that is something that is just appropriate and proper in dealing with this -- with the pandemic. But there's a point at which, and I would guess it will getting near that point that, things go too far. And so what we try to do is both certainly comply and understand all the existing ordinances that are out there. And again, they're at all different levels of government and they constantly change. And at the same time, try to advocate in our discussions with CAA and others like for example, if a resident, if this goes on for some prolonged period of time, if a resident was a certain amount of funds, shouldn't, they have some affirmative responsibility to prove their COVID-19 affect or impact or something like that.  And work with their tenant. There is a steer out there that, there's going to be widespread evictions, you're following this situation. And I look at it and we're realistic people, we have no interest in that, just mass evictions at all. In fact, we're better off working together, but it needs to be on several level playing field. We need them to essentially prove their or acknowledge their COVID-19 issue. And then we can react and try to do what is thoughtful for both of us. So the laws as they're currently constructed don't do that exactly. So there's a bunch of laws out there as you point out that prolong the eviction process and not just limited to the one you mentioned, but just on an ongoing basis.  And it still remains to be seen what happens with those laws. I mentioned, in San Francisco, the inability to evict anyone at any time indefinitely for COVID-19 delinquencies. And I'm not sure exactly how we get paid back on those particular delinquencies. So this has been a, an ongoing issue and certainly it's disappointing from our perspective, then that we have no ability to control our destiny. And it seems like people have the ability to essentially do things they shouldn't be allowed to do. So I'll leave it at that. 
Michael Schall: Yes, Angela in her remarks talked about mass funding, firstly, everything that we do going forward. So that definitely is the plan and not just buy a stock, buy back preferred equity and others. So Angela outlined the her sources and uses for the rest of the year. So I think we're good -- I think we're on the same page with respect to how we're going to do that. Maintain a very strong balance sheet.
Michael Schall: A little bit hard to hear your question. So I'll repeat it. So I get it right. You're asking what the usual cadence for rent collection is if someone's delinquent, I think, and you were just in a different time. Because normally if someone's delinquent, we're going to obviously communicate with them either come up with an agreement with them, which case we're pretty reasonable. If they over the month rent, we're going to let them have a prepayment plan that's going to work over a reasonable amount of time. If they don't want to communicate, we're going to give him a three day notice and start a process and work through that.  So normally that's how it would go where it is today. Some of those options are not available. The communication is, and again, I'm very pleased to see that without any current hammers, we're seeing people step up and make payments on what they owe. Some people wanting to enter payment plans, others not they're concerned about whether they'd be able to keep those, but they're still paying more than their rent. And so we're seeing good behavior out of people in general. Hopefully that answers your question. 
Michael Schall: Very good. Thank you operator. And thank you everyone for joining the call today. Certainly our best wishes to you and your families during these very challenging times. And we hope to see you all either in person or on Zoom someday soon. Have a good day.
John Burkart: Michael, let me address that. So, there were expenses during the quarter, but we set the entity up toward the end of the quarter. So, what happened during the quarter was already expanded. And essentially, we created the entity in response to the needs that were out there and what we were seeing on the ground when we're dealing with the people. Our resident response team consists of some 50 to 60 Essex employees, and they're talking to our residents, couple times typically. And again, they're trying to -- we came up with a basket of needs and people that were really in difficult situations. And so, this is intended to respond to those needs on more of a prospective basis.
John Burkart: Yes. So concession, I mean, think of it in this particular market, I would think of it very similar to a development of lease up, where you offer concessions to incent someone to move. And obviously, there's certain real cost of moving and then there's just the pure motivation of moving. And so, when we desire to fill up our portfolio, we offered concessions. It's not really reflective on necessarily market rents are lower. Doing often the concessions enabled us to gain a significant amount of occupancy. So, I would look at it that way. I don't want to answer around though. There are clear to concessions in the marketplace. We were more aggressive because we wanted to fill up our portfolio and we've now backed away quite a bit from that. Our average confessions, I know in the supplemental, you're looking at saying four to eight weeks and that was pretty common. But the average concession during June was closer to 4% or four weeks for a little bit less than that that we used to, which enable us to fill out. So, there was a range. We clearly got assets and then serial concessions and some that were at eight weeks and sort of tendency a footnote in the financials.
John Burkart: That is correct. And I'll ask you to throw in one more comment on the renewals to get a little clarity. The renewals go out typically 60 days plus into the marketplace, both we're trying to give our customers time to make a decision. And then, there's certain laws that prevent us from sending them out, say less than 30 days. And so, what can happen is the market can move between the time you send the renewal out, which is what happened in the second quarter and when it actually becomes effective. So, we would have had renewals that were effective in June that may have been signed in March, if that makes sense, always get a leg of the market rent, which are happening at that point in time.
John Burkart: Yes, so with renewals much less, it's probably about 10% of what we're doing with the new leases and the renewals go out without any concessions. They can get negotiated in depending upon the situation. But our renewals, really, I expected the renewable going forward. That'll really dry up because the market is changing right now. And so, where we were in June and what we negotiated in June, we negotiated less in July and probably less again in August. So, maybe a week or something or less than that, I mean, because again, most of them don't even have concessions for the renewals. So we’re not really trying to extend some of the move that's where we’re trying to intent some of the move that’s because they come into play because it really is a matter of they have moving costs. And so there's kind of this exchange that goes on.
John Burkart: I'll start. I'm sure Mike might have some comments. But there's a lot of risk factors out there, Alex. So certainly factually, today, the market is better today than it was yesterday, the day before, et cetera. And this is all a good thing. And we feel good about that our portfolio is positioned very well, all things considered. But there's obviously things that are happening, related to COVID that throw risk factors. There is some unusual, there are some positives, as I mentioned earlier consultants, they usually move out in the fourth quarter, well, that's not going to happen because they already moved out. We didn't have insurance come in, and therefore they won't move out. So, those are positives that may enable us to have a longer leasing period. And then, there's some interesting things going around some of the colleges, for example, many of them are doing partially online. And that requires you to be very tethered to the university because you may be online for a class and then a half an hour later, you have a lab on site, but you still need to live right at that university and they cut down the occupancy. My family just went through this and my daughter got bumped out of her spot. So, she's now an apartment. And so, there's things like that that are positive, but there's obviously risk factors out there. And I'll flip it over the Mike if you have more to add there.
John Burkart: And again with us, yes. Why reference we gain 200 to 190 basis points in occupancy because there was an impact from we offer concessions, we increased interest in tax, and we're backing off of that. So, that worked well done to create excess demand. So, yes, -- if they went on forever, yes. Then they're part of the market. That'd be different.
John Burkart: Sure, well, yes, we look at about 10% urban and 90% suburban. And there's, obviously can be some blending that goes on certainly as you get into some of the locations in Southern California, where it's, kind of blended but overall, we look at 10% we have very little incentive to under 1000 units in downtown market in our store portfolio.
John Burkart: Yeah. I can definitely tell you on that. If you were to look at it truly on net effective and in this regard the increase in absorption, so just weird advanced transact net effective. They definitely get better in July. And they're going to comment on the renewals, not all the renewals concessions and in many cases it was a week or something like that. So, it wouldn't be translate to a, let's say, an average of an 8% or one month on the renewals. That's the renewals were closest to offer 1% somewhere in that area. But on the new leases, again, the focus was on the new leases with the concessions to increase absorption. So, in some of that has gone away. And so, if you look at it purely that way net effect, yeah, definitely rents are up in July over June.
