Michael J. Schall: We haven't seen it in April. And based on where renewals are going out, and what we're seeing, nothing shows deceleration for the portfolio.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, Dave. This is Mike, and Erik may want to follow up as well. Keep in mind that we just came out of our seasonal period. Our peak leasing season begins in effectively March 1, and we see most of our growth during that period of time. So as it relates to guidance revision, other types of things, keep in mind that we just came out of a seasonal period. And so the first quarter may or may not be as relevant as some of the other quarters. In fact, I would say Q2 is the most relevant quarter. We go effectively from having near 0 loss to lease at December 31, given seasonality, primarily, and we see how strong the markets bounce back as we enter into the peak leasing season. And where as Erik said, we are favorably impressed by what we see out there, and I think that we're on track for a strong peak leasing season. Having said that, relatively new and a couple of months does not make a year. And so we are erring maybe a little bit more on the cautious side.
Michael J. Schall: Sure. In San Jose, it's really a unique situation in that, a couple of years ago, the city was trying to incentivize new development of apartments before we saw any of the rent increase activity and they granted waivers of the BMR requirements and some other things to help developers start construction. That was granted to 5 -- on 5 transactions, aggregating somewhere around 3,000 units. All those units are going to hit, at some point in time, in '13, the '13 to '14 period and, therefore, that is where the sluggish supply is coming in San Jose. And again, it's right there before us. Irvine was the first to deliver and a couple of others long station and there's a series of transactions that are coming in for the rest of 2013 and into 2014. In Seattle, we see just a continued amount of supply. Our estimates, if you look at multifamily deliveries in '13, we have 6,900 units. In 2014, we think it's probably 8,000, so we'll see continued supply of multifamily units in Seattle, maybe even a few more than we see in 2013. In Northern California, it was in San Jose, specifically, we think it will, given what I said, it will be reduced. It will go from 4,100 deliveries of apartments in 2013 to 3,500 in 2014. Again, those numbers can change, especially in the 2014 numbers. We track this pretty carefully and so it's pretty sensitive, obviously to our overall results. Having said all those things, given job growth, we think that we can absorb these levels of supply and still have very strong rent growth and so we don't expect, based on what we see in front of us today, for a significant amount of deceleration in rents in 2014.
Michael J. Schall: That's already happening, Dave or Rob, excuse me. The potential deals today compared to when we were underwriting and doing the funding of our deals that we have in our pipeline now 2 years ago, is very, very minimal on what hits the radar, from our perspective as far as potential deals. I think the market's recognizing that as well. There's a lot of deals out there being chatted about and talked about amongst various folks from merchant builders on up. But on a go-forward basis, I see, the supply starts -- starting to taper off considerably, just for that reason.
Michael J. Schall: Rob, I think part of that is philosophical in nature, and that rather than throwing a chunk of money at a renovation program, we try to be purposeful. We try to look for low hanging fruit. We try to not have a one-size-fits-all type of approach. And I think that we end up with a better overall result doing that. The reality is, we have most the housing stock in the West Coast and certainly within our portfolio is 20 to 30 to 40 years old, and there's a lot of redevelopment potential within it. In terms of how to actually execute a redevelopment program, that's where there's, I think, very significant strategic differences among the apartment companies. And we tend to take the maybe a little bit more conservative approach, which is try to be very purposeful with respect to how we invest that money.
Michael J. Schall: There is a lot of activity in those transactions. And most of those properties are very well located. And they will fall within the cap rates that I talked about in my prepared remarks. And so for well located property there's still plenty of buyers out there that are very interested in those properties. So I don't see that changing. I mean, I think that you would start seeing cap rates change if you started seeing investor activity pull back. Cap rates are probably more a function of how many dollars, investor dollars, are chasing how many deals than they are expected growth rates in IRRs and that type of thing. So we still see plenty of money out there.
Michael J. Schall: Well, we've been expecting Southern California to improve faster than it has. So I think that's the one area that we've been a little bit off. The magnitude in Northern California and Seattle of rent growth and the pace were much better than we thought. But the pace in Southern California offset the benefit we saw up here. So we're going to make a similar guess. I'm not sure that, and Erik may have a different opinion, but I'm not sure that they're going to crossover in 2014. Part of that is due to, if you look at personal income growth is so strong in the North. When you're at 4% to 5% personal income growth and 2x to 2.5x ratio of demand to supply, which were the numbers that we were quoting actually and even more strong in the North, we are starting to think that Northern California and Seattle can remain stronger, longer than we thought. And so we feel good about that and at the same time, I think our expectation for Southern California is the continued slow, methodical improvement that we've had thus far, recognizing, however, that pricing power is a function of availability in the marketplace. And there's a big difference if you add -- 95% to 96% market occupancy, we get quite a bit more pricing power over that 1%. So it's more like an exponential impact, if you go from 96% to 97%, you start picking up more pricing power. So we could be wrong, we think that things will go in the right direction. It's just been painfully slow in Southern California. So I'm not so sure that they -- I see them as more equitable than probably one outpacing other at this point.
Michael J. Schall: I mean, life sciences is the other obvious one. In Southern California, we're seeing these are not as good as quality jobs, but certainly leisure, hospitality seems to be doing really well in Southern California. So I'd say anything having to do with tech, energy, life sciences are really the top of the radar screen in terms of the types of jobs that we're looking for. And then of course professional services are always good as well. So I'd say all 3: professional services, life sciences, tech and energy, which we don't have so much of.
Michael J. Schall: There's quite a bit of noise in this over expiring because our expiring includes, if someone goes from a -- goes into a month-to-month premium, it's picked up in the denominator of that calculation. So there's been over the last couple of years more and more the disconnect between the expiring lease rate. And, in fact, I've encouraged our people to either create a new metric or deemphasize that one because it's not relevant. I mean, we were talking about in Q1 somewhere around 5% renewals and 5% new lease rates, yet we were better than that. And so I think that there's -- some part of this is a disconnect in how that metric is calculated and I think it's becoming a little bit less relevant than it was a couple of years ago.
Michael J. Schall: [indiscernible] There's one more factor, which is I'm sort of philosophically opposed to raising guidance 2 months after we give it originally. So I was a -- I weighed in against the guidance change candidly, because we just gave it to you in February and it's only April, and I want to see a little bit more about what happened. So perhaps, I'm part of the problem there.
Michael J. Schall: I mean, we do try to understand the environment that we're in, but at this point in time, it's really not worth spending our time. There's a lot of other things that I think may be more interesting to us. So we are working on some transactions that are similar, but maybe a little bit unique. So no, that's not where we're spending our time right now.
Michael J. Schall: That is a great question. And I wish I had the answer. I will make the comment that I made to Mike D., which is this was the first year in his 8 years here that he wasn't accused of sandbagging with respect to our guidance this year. So I thought that goods from quarterly results, which we consider these results to be pretty strong, especially coming out of the first quarter, which has an element of seasonality. And that comment, that we still saw the West Coast as being a great place to own property and then confirming that with actual results would be a positive thing. But as I look to the stock over the last day, that doesn't seem to be the case. So I think it's more of the same. I think it's proving it out and I think the expectation of investors or the concerns of investors are maybe too large, relative to the reality. So again, I don't know how to -- if I could say it any differently. I tried to bring up the points in the script that supports the reasons why you should own properties on the West Coast. I hope that resonated.
Michael J. Schall: I think implied in my comments, which again, when you see personal income growth in the 3% to 5% range and you see ratio of housing demand to housing supply at 2% plus, those would be bullish indicators and they would mean that you would not expect to see any meaningful deceleration going forward. So yes, I expect a very good 2014. And candidly, we could be maybe surprised by Southern California that it has continues its slow but steady recovery. So I think 2014 will be another good year.
Michael J. Schall: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT and we will look forward to the next quarter's call. Thank you.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, I think that was one of the reasons we looked at the bond market. Obviously, we are very pleased with the pricing of our 10-year bond and relative to our stock price right now, we basically, intentionally deferred some of our equity raise and prefunded some of our debt raise. And we hope with continued strong results that we are expecting, the cost of the common equity will go down. But we need to continue to deliver the results we're seeing.
Erik J. Alexander: There's going to be a range in SoCal on the lower end. Maybe the 3s in San Diego or Ventura again. They could be higher depending on that specific address, too. 5s and 6s in parts of Los Angeles, certainly the West side and Downtown. We see strength and we have a good demand and higher occupancy. So we're hopeful and optimistic about the upcoming summer. But as Mike said, we'll know a lot more in the next few months.
Erik J. Alexander: The sequential rents are .08%, and over last year, on the -- let me look that up for you, but I think it's -- well, I don't want to guess at it. I'll get back to you on that.
Erik J. Alexander: I don't really think that's the issue, Mike, because we're just kind of underwriting the same quantity of deals that we underwrote over the last couple of years, which surprises me a bit because even last year, I think was -- the transaction volume was somewhere around 70% of what it was in 2007, 2008. So we had, even last year, we had less transaction volume. We're seeing even less this year. I think a lot of that has to do with what has happened with rents over the last past several years. If you go back to 20 to 30 years, there was not this peak leasing season concept nearly to the extent that it exists today. Rent increased more ratably throughout the year. Now you have a 4-month period that your entire year is essentially predicated on, from March to July or August, let's say. And so all things being equal, I think sellers and owners would rather wait a little bit longer and see how good the peak leasing season is before listing their building it because obviously, if the NOI goes up, they can justify higher NOI, they're going to get the higher price. So I think it's probably more that, but we'll tell you next quarter.
Ross T. Nussbaum: Yes, that's sort of where I was trying to go, because I was looking at the back of your supplement in terms of the 6.1% market rent growth forecast you had for this year and I was just sort of trying to tie that back to the 5% renewals, 7% new leases. And I mean, they are all in the same ballpark, I guess, I mean it gives us a sense that, that's roughly what you are achieving.
Ross T. Nussbaum: I thought it was notable that you didn't change your estimated market rent growth forecast from last quarter. You didn't just simply paste the page in to this supplemental. You continue to believe that the market is as strong today as it was the last time you put out your supplemental.
Ross T. Nussbaum: I'm not saying -- I'm not bringing up BRE. I mean, this is a whole different... I'm not going down that -- I'm not saying that you want to buy the company, I'm just sitting here, saying you've done these kinds of things in the past. And I'm curious if that's still something you spend time thinking about.
