Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. Today, I will focus on our 2019 guidance followed by an update on capital markets and the balance sheet. The key assumptions supporting our 2019 forecast starts on Page 4 of the press release and S-14 of the supplemental. We are guiding to a midpoint of 3% for both same property revenue and expense growth. The revenue growth assumptions is primarily driven by our expectation of a steady market rent growth near the long-term average and for our West Coast markets to continue to outperform the U.S. average. On core FFO guidance, we are expecting a growth rate of 3.7% at the midpoint. You mentioned on the third quarter call that there are two key headwinds impacting this growth rate. First is debt refinancing as the effective rate on the debt coming due is below current rates in the marketplace. Second is the lease up of our development pipeline. When a building first opens, even though it is vacant, we recognize the operating and associated interest expense. This effect creates a temporary drag on cash flow. Since over 85% of our development pipeline will start lease up this year, we anticipate a more meaningful FFO per share drag of between $0.05 to $0.10 in 2019. Once the buildings are stabilized which typically takes 12 to 18 months per phase, we expect the drag to become a tailwind. Turning to capital markets activities, for the year, Essex was a net seller of assets as we arbitrage between private market yields and our cost of capital. During the fourth quarter, we sold 8th & Hope in Downtown Los Angeles for $220 million, which represents a cap rate close to mid 3%. We purchased this property over 3 years ago for $200 million which we funded with common stock when we were trading at a large premium to net asset value. Recently, using the proceeds from the sale of this property, we have repaid debt and repurchased stock, because we have been trading at a discount to net asset value. Since the beginning of 2018, we have repurchased $108 million of stock at an average price of $243.44. Currently, our 2019 guidance does not assume any additional stock repurchase other than what has been completed through January. As always, we remain disciplined capital allocators and are ready to adjust our plan depending on market conditions to maximize shareholder returns. Lastly, on the balance sheet, we plan to repay about $880 million of debt in 2019. This includes pre-paying a $290 million secured loan that matures in 2020 without incurring any prepayment fees. We generally favor refinancing on maturities with long term unsecured debt subject to relative pricing of course. As for the $290 million loan prepayment, we had discussed on our previous call that the average pay rates on this debt is 5.7%, while the effective rate used to calculate GAAP interest expense is 3.8%. So, even though the FFO impact will be negative, we will generate annual cash savings of approximately $3 million. In summary, our balance sheet remains strong, with only 25% leverage, 5.4x debt to EBITDA, and over $1.5 billion of liquidity. We are well-positioned to take advantage of any opportunities that may arise in 2019. That concludes my comments. And I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Oh, sure and I am happy to Alex that’s really just a function of our current development pipeline we still have about $250 million a little over $250 million of spend this year and because of that capitalized interest is going to naturally increase so it’s nothing more than just how those numbers work out.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. Thanks, John. On the 8th and Hope, there is a small piece of 1031 exchange, but it’s not such a meaningful impact on the gains, because we had – we had sold back then. It was the last piece of share gain. So just a small piece. So really doesn’t impact the ultimate gain numbers in a material way and we certainly have the ability to absorb that without impacting a dividend. And as far as the Costa-Hawkins and the G&A impact we pulled that off core and we actually disclosed it separately, and I think it’s on Page 5 or 6 in the press release. But in any event the total cost, which is also public information for Costa-Hawkins is about $5.8 million for the full-year. And we don’t expect, of course, such a significant one-time item to reoccur in 2019, and so we don’t have a forecasted number.
Angela Kleiman: At this point, not yet, we’re still reevaluating the platform because that involves conversations with the joint venture and market conditions and there’s a lot more conversations that goes into just factoring getting a promote.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, it was a small deal, $6 million and the pay rate, I am just from memory was around 11%. But at this point, if you look at our total preferred equity commitment, it’s still pretty darn close to what we had disclosed last time it’s close to $400 million. So there is some inflows, there is some outflows, but net-net, we are still around that $400 million and we are well under our maximum capacity of $900 million.
Angela Kleiman: That’s really hard to say, because we do as Mike said, have a good pipeline and that we are working through, but the timing of the close is just difficult to predict.
John Burkart: Yes, sure. This is John. The first quarter is going to be a little bit tougher and part of it because of some noise that we had from other income, the benefit of other income last year. So the year-over-year comps are a little tougher. For example, in January, our rental revenue on preliminary numbers is 3%, but the actual revenue, overall revenue is 2.6%. So, it will come out looking less than desirable, but the reality is the market is actually stronger this year than it was last year. So overall, we are in a better position, but the first quarter numbers would be lighter and then it will pickup throughout the year.
John Burkart: Yes, this is John. What we made shift last year because you’re right, it is a fairly consistent theme where we go out and we drive all of the assets and look and make an assessment as to where they’re at, come up with our best judgment as to the timing but even then, there is errors just because of the labor shortage and the slippage so what we adjusted is we continued that process of driving every asset, but then we made a more of a macro adjustment based on our experience that we have over the last several years to modify that so we’re more confident this year than in the past as it relates to our supply expectations, but, yeah, I acknowledge it’s the last couple of years have been tough because of the delays.
John Burkart: Yes, Alex, this is John. I will take a stab at it. I know you said, Mike, but I’ve got the controllables in my bucket here so as it relates to wages, you’re right, there is significant pressure out there let’s not forget that one of our issues is affordability and so as wages go up, it does help the overall picture much, much more so if this was a long-term trend that would actually be very beneficial for affordability and therefore rents but getting back to your specific question, sure, in the end of the day it goes up forever, we will run out of potentially run out of opportunities but we continue to find ways to leverage the asset collections that we have with sharing of personnel to reduce total labor while we are still paying our people significantly more so everybody is winning in that equation we are also finding opportunities to leverage technology to automate various processes and in doing so improving the customer experience, making things much faster as well as our employee experience and again reducing labor or vendor costs so what we see for the foreseeable future is a lot of opportunity, but a tremendous amount of work with change management to try to implement the different things that we’re looking at.
John Burkart: Yes. And I would just add, you remember last year with Orange County, the jobs were pretty flat and then the revisions came through and they revised back a whole bunch of jobs. We’re watching that situation. I’m not sure if that’ll happen again or not, but we’re watching that closely. We’re not seeing signs that the market is having great struggles. I just want to bring it up on the call so people are aware and seeing what we see that there was a negative print in jobs in December.
John Burkart: I wouldn’t say it that way. I would look at it and say, we expect the markets to continue to stay strong. We had a – really a shift in the market and it goes all the way back to ‘17 when things were slow in the first half of ‘18 and then they shifted – clearly shifted. We see a continued strength in the market, but not necessarily something really taking off, but we do see continued strength in the market and we look at factors like the Northern California job growth, the Seattle job growth and consistency in the SoCal region again with the exception of Orange County and expect that things will continue pretty good over the next year, again, with supplies generally in check overall in the larger markets.
John Burkart: Let me kind of walk through big picture the way I look at it. Typically, again, and thank you for referencing loss to lease, to Essex it’s one of the key metrics along with market rent and of course occupancy adjustment, that’s how we look at it. And so, when looking at loss to lease, we typically like to look at it in September. It’s after peak leasing and before things slow down in the normal seasonal slowdown. So, at that point we had about 1.6% for the portfolio loss to lease, and again, on average with 12 month leases, you’re going to figure, you’re going to get all of that over the next year. Then, if you look at our rent in S-16, it’s 3.1% and if you look at that and say we’re going to take a mid-year convention on how that hits the market, that gets you about another 155 basis points. And then if you take the 20 basis points of occupancy and subtract that out, that gets you into about the 2.95% range for revenue and we’re pretty darn close to that at 3%. So that big picture how we kind of look at it and see it the year, so I think we are pretty spot on with our 3% midpoint guidance.
John Burkart: No, this is John. So last year, it really wasn’t the Bay Area, it was Orange County that was revised up pretty substantially. And last year we saw market rent growth in the context of everything that’s going on in the sense of supply being delivered and everything else, which was pretty good. And so, it was not consistent with BLS and I would go back and say, this year it’s a similar situation. We are seeing Orange County, say, the fourth quarter rents in Orange County were 2.9% year over prior year, yet the BLS has basically flat job growth for that quarter. We also expect lower supply deliveries going forward. So, the BLS is one number that’s out there and we watch it but we look at many numbers and we’re trying to make sense of it. Right now, on-the-ground, we’re not seeing a significant deterioration. And so, we’ll watch the revisions, but we’ll continue to stay more focused on what’s really going on in the rental market.
John Burkart: Sure. The – that is up from where it was earlier in the year and in January it’s down a little bit from there as is San Diego. Both of those markets are down a little bit, but that’s not unusual at this point in time. That’s why I quoted the fourth quarter number as a whole because one-month there is a movement that can go on within our portfolio and certainly it’s the low demand period. So not really a good reference point. That’s why I use the whole quarter, but we only have January, so January is down a little bit from there.
John Burkart: Well, as you know John in California, not taking that into consideration that 4 years to 7 years is the cycle from identification of site till you actually have a stabilized asset. And some of the ambitious things that he has said sound good, but the execution in reality by the time you go through the process and sequel even if there is some sequel reform, you’re not really going to accelerate the timing that much and the economics drive the decision anyway. So, I don’t see a near-term over the next 3 years to 5 years massive increase from what we’re expecting to see.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. The labor issue delayed a couple of our deals. They are actually only pushed out about a 1.5 month, but it pushed it into the next quarter, so that was the reason behind it.
John Eudy: Well, that is a very long-winded question I’ll do my best to answer it first off, as you know, Prop 10 was defeated handsomely 60/40 by 20 points and I think the leadership of the legislature and our new governor understand that repealing Costa-Hawkins was not good for California and California housing so that’s good as far as all the measures that are out there to create more housing, it gets back to the economic drivers and how we’re going to make it work I can’t speak to how some of the affordable housing solutions that have been bantered around at the legislature are actually going to get done, but there is discussion but as you well know, the economics have to work for anything to be built, and it’s been tough the last couple of years to even keep up with the supply demands that we’ve had so I don’t see it blowing up, if you will, meaning unabated amount of construction beginning to occur it is going to be a long struggle in California and a deep hole for housing shortage, if you will, and it’s going to take a long time to get out of it there is a lot of focus on post Prop 10, what can we do if anything and I think that’s being discussed if there are any amendments to or call it reform to Costa-Hawkins, they would be very minor is my expectation.
John Eudy: This is John Eudy. I’ll try to answer that. The more complicated the structure obviously, the higher likelihood that there could be more delays as everything stacks up on itself. The general labor issues that the industry has faced over the last year specifically has been the driver and the out-migration of the older construction folks that are no longer there like they were 10 years ago as part of the answer. So, it’s a little bit of everything, Hardik, but yes, the more complex the construction, the higher likelihood there would be delays in this environment for the next 12 months, say.
John Eudy: Well, I was just referring to construction, but on the capital, obviously, the numbers have to work to want to do a deal, but you’ve already committed once you start it, so it’s in the pipeline. So, I was only referring to the pipeline when I responded.
Michael Schall: Hi, Trent, this is Mike. Thanks for your question. Yes, we continue to see the Bay Area as the area that has the strongest job growth and the strongest economy. And if you look at overall levels of supply, we think 2019 will be somewhere around 1% of stock on the apartment side and 0.7% of stock on total supply in the Bay Area. So obviously we are growing jobs at 2%. Those numbers do not appear to be concerning. And the other point I would make is there is sort of a trend toward fewer for-sale units being built and a few more apartments being built and the for-sale component is impacted by higher mortgage rates and higher prices. I think California had a median home price increase of somewhere around 5% over the past year. So, the for-sale side is getting more expensive and I think that, that benefits the rental. But when we look basically at supply and demand, we think demand significantly outstrips supply as it relates to all housing and apartments as well.
Michael Schall: Yes, I think I’d go back to what John Eudy just said, it’s all about the economics so for the past couple of years we’ve had rents growing at somewhere around 3%, 2% to 3%, and construction costs have been growing at the high single digit to low double-digit rate and so the net effect of those two numbers is to compress development yields and this is why I think it’s unlikely that you’re going to have a significant increase in the number of units developed from a from the perspective of just economics in terms of development economics and really this underlies our switch from direct development where we’re buying land and for future start and concern therefore about that construction cost increase between when we commit to land and when we start and rather than that focus on our preferred equity portfolio where we’re financing someone else’s development deal and we are coming in at the point that we know the cost because they have a construction loan, they are signing a contract with the general contractor etcetera. so, we think that’s a low risk, more appropriate way to approach development at this point in time.
Michael Schall: Yes, John, it’s a good observation. Thanks for that. I think it has to do with the other point I made a minute ago which is construction cost increasing faster than rents and a lot of these deals are being pushed back in fact, most of our pipeline in 2019 represents the deals that we thought were going to close in 2018 and it just essentially has been pushed back so they require typically more equity than some of the sponsors originally thought they would and otherwise need to be reworked so basically it’s taken us a longer period of time to get the preferred equity deals to the closing table and so we remain optimistic in 2019 we actually have a very good pipeline right now and so perhaps just a little bit of upside to the guidance assumption but again, given the inherent uncertainty, we are we want to make sure we had a level that we could for sure close.
Michael Schall: Yes, John, this is Mike and John will follow me. Job growth there is 1.2% and job growth in Southern California is about 1.3% so I don’t think that we have been aggressive on jobs I think we’re being thoughtful and realistic so all of these assumptions can vary to some degree and but I think if you look back historically, we have been pretty close on virtually everything and if anything maybe a little bit conservative.
Michael Schall: Well, yes, I think you’re right, Drew. There is more development on the East side than there have been in West. It was – development was very focused on Downtown Seattle first and then Downtown Bellevue and then now it’s moving more into the suburban areas of Seattle. And – but we see an overall trend of reduced supply in the Seattle area more broadly. So in ‘18, we had 9,750 units in Seattle being delivered 9,019 and then about little over 6,000 in 2020. So, we think actually that the supply side is actually going in the right direction. And then the other side is, obviously the demand side, which continues to be very robust. So – and maybe the other piece, which is affordability, which we were bit concerned about more in the California markets, Seattle is much more affordable. So, we still view Seattle as being an appropriate area to invest. And as you can tell from our 2019 expectation, it’s just a small bit below our expectation for market rent growth compared to Southern Cal and Northern Cal.
Michael Schall: Yes, hey Wes, it’s Mike. Yes, I guess we hope to buy the stock if we could. If we didn’t buy the stock, we thought that debt rates could increase to a point that there was still positive arbitrage just kind of smaller refinance for example. So, it was going to be positive arbitrage no matter what happened in our view. But obviously the opportunity to buy the stock back was the better outcome and we’re pretty excited about it.
Michael Schall: Sure, this is Mike. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I don’t think cap rates have changed a whole heck of a lot for A quality property and locations, it’s around a 4% cap rate. Sometimes you have very well located very high quality, let’s say, A plus, A plus plus type property that will go sub-4 cap rates. And then for B quality or let’s say, from A minus to B minus, you have a – you would add probably from 30 basis points to 60 basis points to the A cap rate. So again, very consistent with what we’ve said in the past.
Michael Schall: Yes, again it’s what I said earlier, it really is the relationships between the stock price and net asset value of the Company and the different components that go into each of those. Notably, for example, our debt on balance sheet is lower cost and if we go and incur debt tomorrow, which gives our balance sheet a reason to buy it versus just transact in the marketplace. So, we’re looking for the appropriate arbitrage and add value on – from the transactional side. We also need to fund our development pipeline.
Michael Schall: Hey John, John, it’s Mike. I just have one more thing to add to that. And I don’t know if you saw a strike in the backyard. But I think it’s notable that the City of Huntington Beach is suing the state over some of these new requirements SB-35. So, I think that’s something that we’re going to be keeping our eye on as it relates to these matters.
Michael Schall: Hi, Karin, it’s Mike. I am not sure exactly how to respond to that, because obviously it depends on what type of recession, how deep it is what happens to employment, etcetera. So, I have a hard time responding to it exactly. I would expect at the end of the cycle, conditions continue to change, jobs will trail off, the development pipelines will continue to be delivered, because once you turn a stated work, they will be finished and you’ll end up with a supply demand mismatch, but quantifying how that looks and exactly what that means I think it is virtually impossible to do at this point.
Michael Schall: Yes. So, the typical duration of these preferred equity deals are 3 to 4 years. So yes, we are constantly having redemptions or repayments.
Michael Schall: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for your participation on the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the Citigroup conference in March. Have a great day. Thank you.
