Angela Kleiman: Thank you, John. I’ll start with a review of our first quarter results, then discuss guidance revision and conclude with an update on capital markets activity and the balance sheet. For the quarter, our core FFO exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.09 per share. The components of the outperformance are outlined in our press release on page 4. Also in the first quarter, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $1.75 per share, which is a 9.4% year-over-year increase and represents 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. Moving on to the full year guidance, we are raising same property revenue growth guidance by 25 basis point to 3.5% at the midpoint. The increase is attributed to favorable first quarter results and an increase in projected other income for the rest of the year.  While we are raising our growth outlook for the year, we still expect our revenue growth to decelerate from 5% reported in the first quarter to around 2% by the third quarter. As previously noted, we expected a more difficult second half of the year, largely due to a tough year-over-year occupancy comp and a lower level of [indiscernible]. In conjunction with the same property growth increase, we're raising core FFO guidance by $0.08 per share to $11.76 at the midpoint. This guidance increase primarily reflects the revised revenue growth outlook, partially offset by the timing of expenses. Overall, we are now projecting core FFO to grow at 6.5% for the full year, which is 70 basis points increase compared to our initial guidance. As for the second quarter, we are forecasting core FFO to be $2.87 at the midpoint, which is $0.07 lower than the first quarter results. There are three key factors, contributing to this outcome. First, we benefit from a one-time commercial lease termination fee in the first quarter. This is a $0.02 impact. Second, we expect higher interest expense in the second quarter due to capital markets activities. This is a $0.03 impact. As you may recall, in March, we repaid a $300 million bond with a cash rate of 5.5% and an effective rate of 1.8%. In April, we issued a $350 million bond at a rate of 3.625. This bond offering was consistent with our original guidance provided last quarter and do not impact our full year core FFO projection. Third is the timing of expenses.  Our guidance assumes expense growth will be around 4.5% in the second quarter. Nonetheless, for the full year, we still expect our operating expenses to be consistent with our original guidance range of 3% at the midpoint. With the April bond offering, we have substantially completed our debt refinancing for the year. Our remaining maturities in 2017 total [indiscernible].  Our remaining maturities in 2017 totals only about 100 million, which has been mostly funded by April bond offering. At the end of the quarter, our net debt to EBITDA was 5.7 times, which is a reduction from 5.9 times at year end and consistent with our expectations that this ratio would trend down from growth in EBITDA. With full availability on our billion dollar line of credit and a like maturity schedule, our balance sheet remains strong. That concludes my remarks and I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Angela Kleiman: Sure. Thanks. And so the way the numbers were allowed is that the rent growth midpoint of 25 basis points raised essentially reflects the first quarter achieved results and we added to that other income that we are expecting, which John Burkart alluded to earlier about focusing on the nickels and dimes of our business. So it's primarily driven by those two components and that flows through FFO. And then the additional couple of pennies on the FFO side relates to our preferred business and other small items. So that’s why we're comfortable with our guidance range.
Angela Kleiman: Oh, sure. Yeah. And so in terms of the dollar amount, it was about 1.2 million and it’s booked in other income on same-store.
Angela Kleiman: Yeah there should be right at this point. And as far as the general planning it that we would prefer to refinance our secured debt with unsecured debt. In our ten year maturity and continue with laddering our maturity.
Angela Kleiman: With secured debt, the prepayment penalty is pretty severe and so you know unless it's built into the agreement itself. And some tends to be more prepay, pay six months in advance but there are quite difference but we won’t incur those kind of cost because it just doesn't make enough economic sense at this point.
Angela Kleiman: We're not planning for that. And then a question on your operation front, you mentioned rents, I believe it was San Francisco but correct me if I’m wrong, rebounded 3.1% during the first quarter after being down in the fourth quarter. So that you could break that down, was that San Francisco specific and what do those kind of swings in rent growth look like in some of the other sub markets around the bay area. Is kind of the stabilization that happening from inside out, does San Francisco kind of snapping back but other markets maybe not rebounding or how to quantify that.
Angela Kleiman: We are guiding around 4% for the year. In Q1 we had some refunds which benefited Q1. However we still have not gotten property tax on Seattle and that tends to be the wildcard.
Angela Kleiman: Yeah and Alex, that is why we view that, we’re going from a 5% revenue growth down to 2% in the third quarter. What that means is, in the second quarter we think that revenue will come in that low the mid 2 range.
Angela Kleiman: Brian, kind of just to add on the expense side, the 7% increase in utility expense, that is what we actually expected. So it’s built into our guidance. That was not a surprise to us.
Angela Kleiman: I don't think it’s that direct correlation. I mean, we did factor that into our guidance. That’s part of the 25 basis point increase, but it’s not correlation.
Michael Schall: Hi, Nick. It’s Mike Schall here. I think it could be a lot larger than we want it to be and so we're seeing a lot of demand for that product and again, for the reason that I cited in our script. So I think that our limitation is sort of a self-imposed limitation. We're trying to pick the best deals out of the group and the ones that both underwrite the best and are most consistent in terms of higher quality locations and properties. And so the main reason for that is because, the term of these deals is somewhere in the three to four year range and they have a high coupon somewhere between 10% and 12% typically on them.  And so when that reverses, if we can't replace them, then we have an FFO decline issue. And so we're trying to be very thoughtful about how we execute that business. We think it's a great opportunity in the marketplace today and we want to take advantage of it. We just want to do it within boundaries. So I think a long time ago, we talked about somewhere around a 5% cap relative to the total market capitalization of the company and we're well under that and we expect to remain well under that.
Michael Schall: This is Mike and maybe John will want to follow up with this. In general, we said that supply is declining in Northern California and we think that that's going to continue into and through 2018. In fact, from ’17 to ’18, we're forecasting about a 36% reduction in supply, ’18 over ’17. And within ’17, it drops off quarter-to-quarter. The first half remains pretty strong and then the supply should drop off in the second half of the year, although I think there's been some leakage in terms of pushing back some of our expected first and second quarter deliveries in Northern California maybe into the third quarter and beyond.  So those are the dynamics there. So again, as I mentioned earlier, the ability to figure out exactly what's going to deliver and how those owners are going to price concessions, we've seen some increase in concessions in Q2. It's one of the variables, one of the difficulties in trying to estimate what's going to happen. But the statement that you made, we agree with basically that Northern California supply is being reduced, we expect in ’18, it will be relatively flat in Southern California and declined about 13% in Seattle.
Michael Schall: Sure. This is Mike once again, Juan. About 50% in San Francisco, which goes down the peninsula in San Bernardino County. About 25% in Oakland and 26% in San Jose. So we have roughly -- so this year in San Jose, these are obviously multifamily supplies. 3200 units goes to 2400 units approximately in San Jose. So again, we see widespread decline in Northern California, less so in Southern California and a little bit in Seattle next year 2018.
Michael Schall: Well, generically, Juan, I’d say, we’re obviously concerned. So this is a business where you're constantly humble, because what you think is going to happen doesn't always happen, but this is a discipline of trying to understand the market and understand what's happening, what the dynamics are, what the forces are, so that we can get the capital allocation of the portfolio right.  So I suspect that we won't be 100% right about these, about the projection for 2018, but I also will suggest it will be more right than wrong and this is the information that gives us a little bit better knowledge and strategic advantage in terms of making good investment decisions and capital allocation.
Michael Schall: Well, I'll go back to what it was and I’ll let Angela walk through where it was booked and that, but this relates to an asset we bought and had a space that was -- had a paying tenant, yes, the space was actually vacant and so we worked to negotiate a closure to that situation so we can renovate that center and we're rather excited about that.  As far as where it was booked in the financials, I’ll let Angela.
Michael Schall: Hi. This is Mike. We have no contractual right to convert anything. So just to make that clear, however, we have exceeded the table with respect to the outcome on some of the preferred equity deals and therefore it's just good. It gives us another bite of the apple let’s say. And so from that perspective, I think it works well in terms of the maturity schedule I think what as we've ramped up the business we don't have that many maturities we did we had one other conversion earlier this year and then I think we also had we have another we've actually had several maturities that have come through so what you're seeing and building from I think it was about 100 million last year to 100 to 150 million last year to 250 million, you see in a net booking of transactions relative to repayments, I think the repayments will start hitting a little bit more substantially a year or two from now but I don't think it's going to affect the next year in any material way.
Michael Schall: Hey Drew, just one comment. The 3.1% was the portfolio average so northern California looking at economic rent growth for the quarter for December 31 of March 31 was 3.8%.
Michael Schall: Yeah. This is Mike, we do have it by quarter. And again these change from quarter to quarter because we go out and drive the properties John said and try to gauge when and when they're going to deliver. So in Northern California we have Q1 deliveries for ’17 at 35% dropping to 29% in Q2, 20% Q3 and 16% Q4. And the biggest deliveries were in Santa Jose so far this year according to the schedule.
Michael Schall: Sure this is Mike. Concessions, I say in general are up maybe two weeks from Q1 to Q2 so far, San Francisco actually the typical confession is still 4 to 8 weeks that applies to San Francisco downtown San Jose. There are some areas that are closer to two months free, Dublin Pleasanton for example and Sunnyvale which has just a bunch of active lease-ups underway right now.  So, and the [indiscernible] is a little bit less than that so the San Francisco peninsula has got better, it's about one month free. But again this is a fluid process and they can decline or increase over time almost and they’re constantly changing and we do the same thing on our lease ups as well. We're pricing the smaller units different from the bigger units based on supply and demand for each unit type. And so the concession numbers are a fluid process and they will continue to change throughout the year.
Michael Schall: Sure. Yes, move outs to purchase the home roughly because this is a long term average about 10% right now. But materially the same as it's been for a long time, no surprises there.
Michael Schall: This is Mike, maybe John will want to throw in a comment here. I think part of it is the concessionary nature of different parts of Southern California obviously Southern California is a big place. But we saw a pretty big ramp up in supply in Orange County for example this year and the continuation of supply in downtown LA. So six to eight weeks typically downtown LA, so you know I think it's more of the same but dealing with supply relative to the amount of job growth obviously the southern California area doesn't produce the same amount of jobs that northern California and Seattle have and I think that that is probably the key difference between the two at this point in time because stronger job growth more demand in the tech markets relative to Southern California.
Michael Schall: Yeah actually, I had AB 199 in my script yesterday afternoon. So we decided to drop it, John Eudy is here, he does a lot of this political stuff for us. And our belief is that AB 199 is not likely to survive. This would impose a prevailing wage requirement for any new construction that has agreement with the city and would probably end up further restricting the amount of supply that gets built both for sale and rental. So that is that proposal or that law so we didn't mention it because we thought that was likely not to survive.
Michael Schall: And that would be, that’s the system we’re with now, right. So that’s effectively no change. I believe the way it’s going to be if it gets passed as it will clarify what already is the case.
Michael Schall: Well, Mr. Eudy is here and he loves to talk about development work. We're active but we're not as active as we could be primarily because we don't see a lot of development deals that generate the types of yields we need to achieve to take the risk of that business. So that is been a choice. But having said that we will always be active in development and we have enough deals over the next couple of years that are you know the next phase of several transactions that are underway now. The Hollywood deal et cetera that we're not going to be completely out of the development world at all.  Having said that, as we look at new deals and again keep in mind what's happened here, you have construction costs growing much faster than property NOIs and obviously that causes cap rates to compress measured today. So if you have compressing cap rates. We haven't changed our objectives or goals with respect to development. We're still in the 5% to 5.5% unleveraged yields or cap rates measured today not with trended rents measured today, because we're competing against an acquisition measured today. And we're just not seeing a lot of those deals that that cross that threshold. So I think Mr. Eudy job is…
Michael Schall: I’m getting to that Alex. The mezz deals, we have relationships with some lenders, and so I don’t think that‘s entirely right with the respect to the mezz deals and the yield on the preferred although the yield on preferred is generally doesn't apply to the construction period anyway. So I think that’s probably the key there. It's accrued.
Michael Schall: Alex, this is Mike. Again, it goes back to that theme that we're talking about before which is we have to build -- we're building loss-to-lease, at San Francisco of $100 today. We don't actually see that hit the bottom line until we turn a unit or turn a lease. And so there's a building lost to lease which means the scheduled brand which is really driving the income statement is declining still. So just to give you some numbers there, January scheduled rent was up 4.3%, by March it was 3.9% and preliminarily in April it was 3.7%. So that trend of declining scheduled grants and building loss to lease is going to continue throughout the year until about Q3 where it turns around.
Michael Schall: Sure. As a whole, around 90 basis points in 1Q for new and about 3.5% for renewals and looking out, I guess, the last piece for you, looking out the renewals we’re sending out, overall, are about 4.5%. Moving us incrementally for each of the different terms.
Michael Schall: Yeah. It’s interesting. It depends because in some cases, sure, people want to negotiate, but oftentimes what happens with renewals is you send them out and we’re typically quoting a 12 month lease when I give you that. We're obviously offering all different types of lease terms. It's not uncommon for people to choose a shorter lease term and pay a premium. And so it really is -- it will vary. Sometimes, we’ll actually do better than that because more people chose the shorter term instead of a 12-month terms if that makes sense.
Michael Schall: Yes. Big picture for sure. I think Angela's covered the adjustments in the updated guidance. Again, some of the utility was really related to one-time items, collecting some past delinquencies. As we mentioned last quarter, we pushed very hard and we continue to push and all the nickels and dimes and so some of that just carried over into the first quarter. So that's what some of that was. The lease breaks, those really are one-time items and they've actually started to trend down as we would expect. And so that one-time, there are a few additional ongoing items and that's what Angela has picked up in the guidance.
Michael Schall: Yeah. It was a catch-up and again going forward, yeah, it is you roughly 60% to 70% of utilities get reimbursed. So if there was a negative increase on utilities that was unexpected, we're going to collect roughly two-thirds of that coming back.
Michael Schall: Okay. Very good. Well, all of us thank you for your participation on the call and we look forward to seeing many of you in NAREIT and do the conversation. Have a good day and a good weekend.
John Burkart: Yeah. Nick, this is John. The answer is no. I can't say that we've perfectly tracked that, but we really haven't had any anecdotal or other information indicating any changes in traffic. I mean, frankly traffic overall is about the same as it was last year and specific traffic as it relates to any particular person.
John Burkart: Yeah. This is John. I’ll take that. As I mentioned, there is really kind of two things that were slowing us down a little bit there. One related to the market and the other related to labor shortages. We're seeing some challenges getting the contractors there and that’s had an issue, so that would have to get resolved and that’s not as easy as it sounds. And then of course, the markets are getting stronger, the markets -- I’ll speak by the markets for a moment, they’re really functionally now consistent with our seasonal expectations.  At the same time, the first quarter is just the beginning. We’re yet to really get into the second quarter until you really see how they’re moving, but what we're seeing with the marketplace is as is what we expected, it’s generally good and we are planning to increase renovations as much as we can, but again we still have some levels of limitations due to some labor shortages.
John Burkart: No. We're in line with our overall plan. We were a little bit behind in the first quarter from what we had anticipated and will be in line overall for the year or just slightly below that.
John Burkart: And this is John. I would just add. We get out into the field and we look at where things are at and we do full scale about twice a year. And then, we spot check and when we went out and spot checked earlier this -- in the first quarter, we found that several of the assets that we thought were going to get delivered were not and I'm guessing they're facing the same issues we're facing on the rental side is shortage of labor for finishing skills employees. And so I think really the whole industry is feeling that pressure.
John Burkart: In general, yes. I mean, this would be a supplemental source of potential acquisitions and investments. It would not be something that we're trying to give a preference to one of the -- owners of one of these preferred equity deals. So, no, it’s strictly an acquisition strategy.
John Burkart: And actually I'll make one other comment and that is partially because supply of for sale housing is still muted in the West Coast. So we're not building a lot of for sale homes and therefore the ability to transition from an apartment to a home is more challenging out here.
John Burkart: Alex, this is John, I’m going to add one more piece here, just so we get the context. As Mike said we went from 4.3 to 3.7 year-over-year in April on scheduled rents and we already said that the loss to lease was 1.8% or 180 basis points in March. In April it went up to 260 basis points or 2.6% in April. So the market's doing as we expected it's moving up but because of this delay our schedule rent continues to go down again as expected. So this is all, according to plan things are good but it's just the way the numbers roll out. And then I mentioned before the occupancy adjustment that will be a net neutral in the third quarter.
John Burkart: Yeah I would just add, I mean clearly in the big picture, it’s the supply demand game as Mike said. But on a daily basis our people are working extremely hard, they're trying to understand the market obviously that it is, they just need to understand it and react properly to it. And so we have great communication amongst teams, making decisions. The team is in power to make decisions, we don't make them from corporate. They're empowered to make the good decisions and the communication is often and that's what enabling us to thrive in that pretty challenging market and it does as you point out, change pretty significantly week to week, months to months, but they're doing an awesome job.
John Burkart: Sure. Interestingly as the market came back, we are seeing better activity higher growth in some of the Class-A assets for certain and will again watch cautiously watch how the supply enters the market in the competition comes because they'll be the first to feel more significant impact. But as we came back in the first quarter the As did a little bit better than the Bs overall, really across the marekt.
Drew Babin: A quick question for Angela on the debt maturity, I have a little over 300 million of secured debt maturing in ’18 with weighted average rate of 53. I was hoping you could comment on what’s the effective rate on that is and whether there's an arbitrage opportunity to potentially prepay that at point this year.
Drew Babin: So it sounds like there is no impact from anything dealing those maturities in this year’s guidance.
Drew Babin: Okay I appreciate the clarification. Just one more on the Bay Area, you talked about some supply potentially getting delayed away from the first half of the year this year into the second half. Anyway to quantify kind of what percentage of your overall deliveries you expect in ’17 that’s already delivered versus what's become [indiscernible].
Dennis McGill: Firstly just on LA. You toched on the market a little bit throughout but looking at the revision you made just to the market wide stats hoping you could maybe elaborate a little bit on whether that was heavier supply or demand component contract in that down a little bit.
Dennis McGill: And then sorry to add on to the regulatory theme from earlier too, but one thing you didn't mention was AB 199, and I'm not sure if it necessarily impacts you but something we’ve monitored from the homebuilder side, but it sounds like it's more just related to redevelopment now and I'm sure if that has any impact on your redevelopment business out there..
Dennis McGill: And if I could just squeeze a quick question on property taxes the 1% or so rate in the first quarter, how are you, what’s embedded in the guidance for the full-year for property tax increases.
Alexander Goldfarb: So just two questions here. First Mike, you've mentioned that you guys were seeing a lot of opportunity on the mezz finance side. But just curious, as far as it relates to investing and development, my understanding is with the new tighter bank regulation, the developer has to come up with that 35% percent of equity being all equity they can't use prefer or anything of that sort of debt yielding. So are you guys not doing development or are the banks not as strict as of course what the regulators have laid out.
Alexander Goldfarb: Mike, I was actually talking when you guys are doing the mezz like investing in another’s people deals, not your own accounts but when you’re doing like preferred equity investments.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay that's helpful and I'm sorry about that. The second in question is, on the guidance you guys did five sticks of NOI in the first quarter but the range is 28 to 46. So is it more year-over-year comp related than the back half adjusted customer or is that that as you're cautious just given you know you want to see how the summer goes and if the supply continues to pull back and the concessions hopefully start to maybe lessen over the year that you're just not sure how the summer is going to go and therefore that's why the range is where it is versus how you got did the first quarter.
