Barb Pak: Thanks, Angela. Today, I will discuss the key assumptions to our 2024 guidance and provide an update on the balance sheet. Beginning with our outlook for 2024, a key factor to our revenue forecast is our market rent growth assumption. As Angela mentioned, the economic backdrop is expected to be muted this year, which is leading to below average rent growth for our markets. As a result, same-property revenue growth is tempered at 1.7% at the midpoint on a cash basis. The key drivers of our revenue growth are outlined on Page S-17.1 of the supplemental. Our guidance assumes delinquency of 1.5% of schedule rents for the full year, which represents a 40 basis point improvement to year-over-year revenue growth. We expect delinquency will gradually improve as we move through the year. In terms of regional performance, we expect Southern California will produce our highest revenue growth at 3%, led by Orange County in San Diego. Northern California will be around 1%, and Seattle will be our weakest performing region, which is forecasted to be flat on a year-over-year basis. Moving to operating expenses. We are projecting 4.25% growth for the full year, which was largely driven by higher insurance costs. Although insurance costs account for a small portion of our total operating expenses, we are forecasting a 30% increase in our premiums, which adds 1.4% to our total same-property expense growth. The company remains focused on managing controllable expenses, which we are forecasting to increase 3% in 2024, primarily driven by higher wages. In total, we expect same-property NOI growth of 60 basis points and core FFO per share growth to be flat at the midpoint compared to 2023. Core FFO growth would be over 1% higher, if not for the impact from two items related to our preferred equity platform. First, in December, we received $40 million in redemption proceeds, and we are forecasting an additional $100 million in redemption proceeds for this year. We anticipate redeploying the funds into new acquisitions, which tempers our near-term FFO growth, but is the best long-term capital allocation decision for Essex. Second, while our sponsors remain current on all financial obligations with the senior lenders, we changed the accrual status on two investments in the fourth quarter based on current market conditions. Further, we've taken a prudent approach as to how we projected income for the remainder of the portfolio as part of our 2024 guidance. We will continue to evaluate the accrual status on each of our preferred equity investments every quarter as appropriate. Turning to the balance sheet. Essex is in a strong financial position with minimal financing needs over the next 12 months and ample sources of capital. Our leverage levels are solid with net debt to EBITDA at 5.4 times, and we have over $1.6 billion of liquidity available to us. We manage our balance sheet and capital needs conservatively to be well positioned to create value throughout the cycle, and we remain optimistic, we will see opportunities to invest this year. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Barb Pak: Hi, Austin, it's Barb. Yes. So we're assuming 1.25 for new lease growth and renewals, we expect to be slightly above that at 1.75%. We do expect renewal growth will be in the first half of the year be above 2% in the low 2% range and then drift down to our market rent growth assumption of 1.25 in the back half of the year.
Barb Pak: Yes. So I think if you look at January, you'll see we printed 4.8% on new leases or renewals, but 50% of that is a burn-off of concessions, and so it's not really a new market rent growth. And I would say, our philosophy on renewals is not to push them above market. We do like to, we want to price them appropriately. And last year, in 2023, we didn't have a significant loss to lease. And so we don't have a big spread differential between our new and renewals from last year that would carry forward into this year. So we think it's priced appropriately.
Barb Pak: Yes. So the concession piece on the occupancy and concessions, we expect concessions to be a 10 -- or 10 basis point headwind to our forecast this year, occupancy to be 20 basis points. So we're forecasting 96.2% for occupancy. So we don't expect concessions to have a material impact to the forecast this year on a year-over-year basis.
Barb Pak: Hi, Steve, it's Barb. Yes, this January, we've seen for several years now. It's the post holiday. I think people are paying off their credit cards and whatnot. So it's not something that we're overly concerned about. We're monitoring it closely. But we have seen this last year, if you go back and you look at our supplemental, we saw 190 basis points increase from Q4 to January. This year, we're up 80%. So it is a lot lower than we were a year ago, but we're monitoring it.
Barb Pak: Yeah, Alex, this is Barb. There's a lot of moving parts to that question. And every asset is different. What we have is a comprehensive model where we value every asset every quarter. And what we're really focused on is where is, our last dollar sit? Where are transactions occurring? And where is -- what is the exit strategy and our response is going to continue to fund equity shortfalls. We're also looking at their debt maturities, their caps and swaps they have in place as well as their interest reserves with their lenders. So there's a variety of factors that go into it. I do think we've scrubbed the book. We stopped accrual on two others. They were in Northern California, and given where we were in the stack, and we're watching a few others closely. But for the most part, we're at very reasonable valuations on the rest of the book and are not concerned with it. And we've consistently got redemptions even in the fourth quarter we were redeemed out of one of our assets. And so we feel good about the rest of the book, and we've not had to take back an asset. We found solutions, and I think that goes to our disciplined underwriting of our guarantors.
Barb Pak: So the two in the fourth quarter, we put them on non-accrual. They weren't required to pay current, but we put them on non-accrual just given where we are in the stack. They have near-term maturities as well and we're working with the sponsors on those debt refinancing's. And then the other ones that we're monitoring, we're assessing that -- we'll assess that quarter-by-quarter. We have reserved it in the guidance, but we're assessing it based on current market conditions.
Barb Pak: Hi, Jamie, it's Barb. So we did our property and earthquake insurance renewal in December. So that number is fairly baked for the year. We still have our general liability, but we don't that to move the needle too much. So 30%, I think, is the number. It is still a very challenging insurance market, and we do have a captive and we utilize the captive as appropriate to minimize our insurance premiums where appropriate and where we – based on the risk that we would take within the captive. So we used all angles to minimize that number, but I think it is still going to be a challenging market for the foreseeable future. In terms of the storms that won't impact the number this year, but what the carriers will do next year is still it's undetermined. I think what we need to see in the insurance market is the reinsurers that come back into the market in a big way for the premiums to start to come down. And in terms of storm damage, we haven't had anything material. We've had obviously some leaks and some minor things, but nothing material related to the storms.
Barb Pak: And the other thing I would just add on that is we've had a captive for decades, and we have a marketable securities portfolio of over $100 million, which is the premium that we would have paid to third parties that are there to backstop any major insurance loss that we have. So we a substantial amount of money sitting there on our balance sheet because of that.
Barb Pak: Not necessarily. We will ebb and flow earthquake depending on the earthquake premiums that are out there because sometimes the earthquake coverage can be extreme. So we will look at that in a different way, but we do have third-party earthquake on all high rises and five stories enough. But outside of that, we haven't taken on any real significant risk in the last few years.
Barb Pak: Yes, Josh, this is Barb. There's a lot of different assumptions that go into the high and the low end. I think the biggest factor will be delinquency and market rent growth that could drive us to either the high or the low end. And as we saw like in the third quarter when we -- or the fourth quarter when we got back a lot of delinquent units, it can have an impact, a temporary to our occupancy and to market rent, if we get those units back in a low demand period. So, there's a variety of assumptions related to that on the high and the low end.
Barb Pak: Yes. So, the two that we put on non-accrual, the balance is $25 million for both and in terms of the $20 million that we have in our guidance, that's mostly related to political contributions. As you know, we're fighting a couple of ballot measures. So, that's most of what that's for.
Barb Pak: Hey Wes, on the rents for our guidance, it's a couple of factors. So, first is what you mentioned the service sector jobs, which has been -- which has dominated the job growth last year. And we've all seen the announcements recently. The lots of companies are still retooling and reevaluating. And so typically, if you look at the long-term average of our job growth and the composition, normally, you would want about 30% of those jobs to come from higher wage jobs. And so in this environment, which with the consensus -- the macro consensus of a soft landing, we certainly wouldn't be forecasting -- we wouldn't be getting ahead of them forecasting robust high wage job growth. And so that's one key factor. As far as supply, you're right, for our portfolio, it's only 0.5% for California. Seattle is elevated and close to 1% and higher than last year. Fortunately, for us, it's mostly concentrated in the downtown area and our portfolio is mostly under Eastside. Having said that, there will be some properties that will have to -- that will be impacted by supply, and we'll see concessions elevated on a temporary basis for those assets.
Barb Pak: Yeah. I don't have that in front of me. And I think it varies by asset. So I don't have that in front of me. But it does matter about the rent growth that we've seen in each asset for each property and how we underwrote it initially that all plays into fact where we are in the capital stack. But like I said, we do a thorough scrub and we feel comfortable with the book.
Barb Pak: Yeah. It's a small component of our monthly collections. We are collecting a little bit every month on that past due rent, because we have hit their credit and gone after them. and because of our conservative approach to how we account for bad debt, whereby, if you're delinquent after 30 days, we reserve against it in the financials, when we go and hit their credit and they need their credit, they will start to pay. So we've -- it is a recurring part of our income given how we account for it, but it's hard to quantify, and it is lumpy. It moves around month-to-month. And we do expect it will be a reoccurring part for the foreseeable future given we have over $130 million in uncollected rent. But it will be a small part, but it will be drips and drabs.
Barb Pak: Yeah. And I think, John, just to add to that. I think the mix of jobs has been -- we've seen a change in mix over the last year as the high-quality jobs have not been added in mostly service sector, as Angela mentioned earlier. And I think that, that is -- we just don't see that changing in this environment given the slow economy. So -- that could change. That would be upside to the forecast, but it's not our base case at this point. And that's what's driving the below average.
Barb Pak: We still have our investment in the asset. But because our -- the loan and our investment matures in October of this year, and because we don't feel we'll fully realize our valuation by the end of the term of our maturity of our loan, we impaired the asset, which is consistent with GAAP accounting rules. We do believe in the asset long term and the market long term, we're obviously in a very depressed market in Oakland. And but it's going to take time for that market to recover. We need to see supply abate, which we will start to happen in 2025 and really into 2026. And that should bring -- bring rents up. And so that will help our investment long term. The sponsor continues to fund equity shortfalls and is actively putting money into the project, and we are working actively with them on the refi that will be coming up here in the fall.
Barb Pak: Yes. So yes, and we can take the example of what happened in September, October. We got back hundreds of units or occupancy. So our delinquency dropped about 50 basis points, but our occupancy also dropped commensurately. And then when we backfilled, we gave back a little bit on the rent growth. And so there was a small impact to the bottom line, but it didn't all fall to the bottom line. Long-term, it's beneficial for us. But there is a temporary headwind, especially if you get the units back in a low demand period because then you have to give concessions to backfill -- to backfill those units. If we get the units back during peak leasing season, and we have a strong leasing season, there will be less impact to occupancy and rent growth.
Barb Pak: Yes, Linda, we are -- this is Barb. We are pursuing every avenue to try to collect on that money, whether it be taken to small claims court, we've being their credit -- and like we are collecting a little bit here and there, but it depends on when they need their credit. And when they need their credit, then they tend to come back and pay, but if they don't need their credit for a long time, then it can sit out there. But every avenue we can pursue, we are pursuing to try to collect on that money.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, Steve, this is Barb. We take a prudent approach when we look at this. And there's a variety of factors that we look at when we're looking at our preferred book, where are we -- where is our last dollar sit relative to the market today? What -- what's the maturity of our investments? And how much time do we have for the market to recover and really what is our sponsors doing? Are they continuing to put equity and can they continue to fund? So those are the factors that we're looking at. I think we have fully handicap the issue that we see today based on current market conditions within our guidance. It's a few assets we're monitoring. But for the most part, the book is performing as we expected.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Eric, it's Angela here. On Northern California, it's really when we look at our market rent growth, it's a -- we do see potential upside. Having said that, that will require the tech companies to hire -- to resume their hiring in a more robust way. And so our forecast is really a function of the general market outlook, because we cannot disconnect from what's happening with the rest of the country. And in particularly, the North Cal region itself, it's really dampened by Oakland because of the amount of supply. And so if you look at the 1.25% market rent, composition. First of all, it's a narrow range, just given the overall economic environment. But our Southern California leads the portfolio and above that 1.25% and Seattle is a close second. But the drag is really Northern California, which is closer to 1%, so below that 1.25% average, and that's because Oakland is well-below that 1%. So that's the drag.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Alex, it's Angela here. I think you're on point as far as how we see our portfolio. We do see that we have a very stable portfolio and supply definitely is a benefit for us. The variability really relates to the timing on the delinquency. And that is, that is one aspect of our business that we don't have as much control as we would like, because we are subject to how long it takes for the court to process these delinquency units. The good news is that, that process timing has begun to decline. So for example, last year, when we're talking about L.A., it took about 10 to 12 months. And currently, we're down to 8 months. Everywhere else used to be nine to 10 months, now it's down to six months. So we're making good progress there, but that remains an open item for us as far as the risk is concerned.
Angela Kleiman: Yes, Angela here. That's a tough one to quantify because even though there are more REITs looking at the captive and then I think it makes sense to do so. Everyone approach how they take first loss and that first layer differently. And so I don't know if you can really get apples-to-apples. We'll look into it and see if there's a better way to provide some additional context.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Adam, it's Angela here. That one -- the relationship between renewal and new lease rates is really driven by what the prior year's new lease rate is. So, for example, in 2022, our market rents or new lease rates were north of 11%. And so that, of course, means that you can have a much higher renewal rate to take it to market. And so that relationship really will be driven by whatever the market rent is going to be and the renewal then follows. It's really a lagging effect. So there isn't an exact number that you really can peg just because it's really one follows the other, not so much that there is a logical relationship that you could just use as a benchmark for trending purposes.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Adam. No, that's a good question. We actually have -- I know this is not a surprise, we get this question on a regular basis, and it's fair to ask. We have historically a disciplined approach when it comes to evaluating markets, not just within our own markets. And so we do look at all the major metros across the U.S., and it's part of our annual study to make sure that we have a good handle on what are driving the fundamentals of other markets as well. And so -- and this is not to say that we wouldn't venture into other markets or take whatever proceeds available. It's really a function of how we view the relative value. And what I mean by that is, as I mentioned earlier, when we look at the fundamentals of our markets with recovery ahead of us, with potential demand catalysts from these large companies and low supply and affordability metrics. That just speaks to the fact that our market has much more upside and lower risk from supply. And so it's more compelling in the near term to focus our investments in our markets. We will, of course, continue to watch the other markets and make sure that relative value holds.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, John, it's Angela here. We have not seen more move-outs to job loss, and we do track that. When we look at move-out reasons, it's relatively stable. And so our market outlook is really a function of where the economy is and how we believe we would perform relative to the overall economy.
Angela Kleiman: Hey, Michael, in an environment where we're looking at 1.25% market rent growth, we certainly don't expect an elevated concern when it comes to the rent control conversation. Now there is, I think many of you are aware that there is a proposition out there to repeal Costa-Hawkins again, sponsored by Michael Weinstein, the Head of the AIDS Foundation. And we, of course, participate in the housing coalition that supports responsible legislation and we do not view that this proposal to repeal the Costa-Hawkins Housing Act will have traction because it's -- this is the third time that this proposal has come up. And in the past two times, it was overwhelmingly defeated, only one out of 58 counties voted in favor of repealing Costa-Hawkins and they -- and that was by a narrow margin. And it lacks the governance and general political support, it is viewed as an antigrowth proposal that will deter housing production when we already have a housing shortage. And so that -- but that is one that we are watching carefully. But beyond that, that's a normal operating environment for us from a legislative perspective.
Angela Kleiman: Linda, that's the $64,000 question of the day. When do we get these darn units back? And for us, it would be great to get them back as soon as possible. The challenge here is that once a unit is in eviction. When we looked at the fourth quarter, the majority of those tenants just leave. So what that means is, for us, normally, in a normal environment, we have noticed that a tenant is going to vacate. We can pre-lease these units. We can plan for a turnover and of course, coordinated marketing efforts and our site personnel is ready for the move out, move-ins and all those logistics. In a situation where we have a certain number of evictions in play, and we don't know how many are going to come back or when, that's the part that creates that pressure when it comes to pricing and it's very difficult to predict.
Angela Kleiman: Buck, it's Angela here. We have been -- our team has done a great job staying on top of these potential issues. And when we look at the fraud instances, it has not ticked up or become elevated. And in some instances, say, if it's a building specific issue, we immediately remedied those. And so that really hasn't been a driver for whether it's behavior or impact to our financials. It really is driven by the core processing time. So, I'll give you an example. When the tenant goes delinquent, pre-COVID, it only took us about, say, two months on average to evict this tenant. Because of the court delays, it's six months plus, right, or eight months if you're in LA. And so that's the time that's getting accumulated. And so we normally have a level of delinquency in our portfolio, but it's elevated now because it's just taking longer.
Jessica Anderson: This is Jessica. I'll take that. With regards to the largest driver of the sequential improvement from Q4 to January, it was 150 basis points. We saw the greatest improvement in Northern California and the Bay Area. And a large part of that was concession burn-off. For the total portfolio, if you break down a 150 basis point improvement, 100 basis points of it is the improvement in concessions. So, we were averaging one week in Q4 and that's a half a week for January. And then the other part of it, 50 basis points is attributed to rent growth, which is typical with what we would expect this time of year historically.
Jessica Anderson: Eric, this is Jessica. As far as renewal burn off, Barb mentioned it earlier, right now, it's roughly 50/50, and it becomes less so with regards to concession burn-off as we progress through Q1. Our concession strategy last year, I think we averaged roughly half week free last year, and there were some lumpiness as we dealt with delinquent units. So we may see that show up periodically. But with regards to forward-looking renewals we've sent out February and March at roughly 3%, 3.5%, and it's a little bit less than 50/50. It's probably more like 60/40, and it will continue to progress that way like I said, unless we have pockets of heavy concession usage from last year.
Jessica Anderson: Hi, Michael, this is Jessica. I can provide you some basics, I guess, as far as how leasing fundamentals are going in our markets. And it's really trending as expected in all of our markets. Right now, when we're looking at things like lead volume is steadily increasing, which is what we would expect this time of year, and then also leasing activity overall is stable. As far as quantifying it goes, I mean, we really see that increase in demand that we would expect, of course, correlates to whatever sequential rent growth that we see. And we pointed that out earlier, we saw good growth in both NorCal and Seattle. And that's something that is in part due to concession burn off. Those are our most seasonal markets. So we do expect them to grow more substantially on a sequential basis. But overall, they're performing as expected, in line with what we would expect at the time of the year.
Rylan Burns: Yeah. At a high level, I mean, we have several joint venture partners. We've been in this business for a long time and remain committed to us and our investment thesis along the West Coast. So there is demand there if we see the right opportunities. And we would expect we will see some opportunities in the next year or two.
Rylan Burns: Hi, Rich. I'll echo what many of our peers have said is we're not currently seeing much distressed selling at all in our markets given the amount of debt coming due in the next couple of years, we anticipate there should be some opportunities, but as of yet, we have yet to really see any force selling. So we are keeping our eyes open and looking for opportunities, but nothing as of yet.
Rylan Burns: Buck, it's a good question. Obviously, investment returns driven by what you pay. So we are paying attention to everything that's coming to market, and we'll keep an open mind to any investment. A major consideration for us is also making sure that we are acquiring near our existing footprints, given our unique operating model. We think we can add a lot of value when it's purchased when we buy something near an existing asset collection. Now as you know, the majority of those assets happen to be in the suburban market, and that is where we're primarily focused. They also have fewer quality of life issues currently. So, a simple answer is we are very focused in our suburban footprint, but we will keep an open mind to anything that crosses our broader markets.
Rich Anderson: Hey, good morning, everyone. So Barb, you said one of the swing factors for you is getting back delinquent units and perhaps into a downtime in the rental market and not knowing what that opportunity would present itself. But I imagine, it would be either zero or something more. And it's just a matter of when that something more hits. Is that it? Because obviously, the delinquent unit wasn't paying rent. I just want to make sure I understand that logically what you're saying there.
Rich Anderson: Why would there be an impact negatively, if they weren't paying rent, who cares what the occupancy was if there were zero rent coming in any way? I'm just curious, I'm not sure I understand why there would be a negative number in that scenario. It would either zero or something more. Yes.
Rich Anderson: Yes. Okay. Perfect. That's what I am looking for. Yep. Thank you. And then -- so where there are problems in the bank industry and as it touches multifamily, it's in the rent-regulated area, and we've seen that in New York Community and Signature portfolios and so on, rent regulated can -- is California can be described with that phrase, I assume. I'm curious to what degree you're seeing anything popping up? And if this was covered earlier, I apologize. But is there -- are you in a position to jump on opportunities? Is there a pipeline building of sort of these sort of distressed situations, maturities coming. Anything like that, that is interesting to you? Or is it not really sort of apparently happening at this point as an external growth opportunity for Essex? Thanks.
