Michael Schall: Hi, Nick. Thanks for the question. I appreciate it. I think at this point in time, given this incredible uncertainty, we would like to stay more leverage-neutral in terms of how we approach our different investment types. Not to say that we won’t sell property in order to pursue other types of opportunities, but at this point in time, until we see greater clarity because I would say at this point in time there are more unknowns than knowns out there given the unprecedented nature of the pandemic itself. And so we are going to remain fairly conservative when it comes to leverage for the foreseeable future.
Michael Schall: Hi this is Mike, Austin. We don’t know. Honestly, that falls in the bucket of we actually have more unknowns than knowns, which is why we didn’t give guidance. I think this is one of the key issues out there. And historically, as John said, we have somewhere around 30 to 40 basis points of delinquency. And it does not present an accounting issue. We just assume. Effectively, we treat it on a cash basis. And so it’s a little bit different now. And fortunately, because of the timing of when all this happened, we have pretty much 3 months to work through those issues and have better information. We know, historically, that the further you get away from the move-out date, the more difficult it is to collect. And that’s just our experience over time. And so we are motivated to move pretty quickly and which of course, many of these eviction prohibitions and other governmental actions prevent us from doing that. And so as John said in his prepared remarks, which I think is important here, that if someone comes to us and says, hey, I will move out, we are going to likely let them out of their lease, which means that we are going to have a little bit more turnover, but we’re going to control the unit at a time when, again, because of these eviction prohibitions, we don’t have a lot of choices. So we’re working through all that. It’s, I think, one of the more complicated issues that we have to deal with, with respect to this whole challenging scenario.
Michael Schall: Yes, this is Mike. And Adam is here too so he may want to add something, but yes, we still like the preferred equity investment. We are not in the first loss piece. Again, we come in to those transactions at the point in time that they are beginning construction. So costs are known, financing is in place, et cetera. So we are not taking a great deal of risk upfront. And typically, those deals underwrite to somewhere in the high 4 to low 5 cap rate and they were of course at around the 85% loan-to-value ratio, which means our effective cap rate is somewhere in the mid-5s. So, the chances of having distress at that level I think is incredibly unlikely. And in terms of investment policy going over – going forward, direct versus preferred equity, I will let Adam handle that.
Michael Schall: Yes, Nick. This is Mike and I am sure Mr. Burkart has an opinion on this one as well. So I think what you have here is a shock to the system. And anecdotally, lots of people that can’t afford their apartment, potentially moving to different places and other things. So that will be the shock to the system. And then there’s a recovery. The recovery is almost always people backfilling from further-out locations into areas that are closer to the jobs, and then we benefit from that over time, but this takes time to play out. So this presumes, since we were up 3% in Q1, on S-16, last quarter and now we are at minus 2.8%, it assumes a pretty dramatic drop-off in market rents. Of course, we don’t turn units. We turn units ratably throughout the year. I think part of that, because we enter what’s traditionally a more seasonal period, so the fourth quarter is a little bit more challenging for us on the demand side anyway, we still have the deliveries of apartments into the markets. And so we think it will be pretty choppy going into the fourth quarter, and then we think it recovers from that point on. So the other point I would make is John’s comment about stabilized concessions. I think that stabilized concessions are assumed to continue in our economic growth forecast on Page S-16. And again, just to remind everyone what this is. This is a scenario based on macro factors, effectively supply demand factors. When you throw them into our model for what happens with various supply demand factors, what happens to rents, this is what we get. There is still a whole bunch of unknowns on top of this. Again, the policy issues, will there be more regulation in these markets, which we don’t see. We think there has been plenty of regulation, actually, but we don’t know what’s going to happen with that. The cadence of move-ins and move-outs, we can’t predict that. And the collection of the delinquency is another challenging subject. So that’s why we decided to give this data on S-16 without giving guidance because there is a whole another level of assumptions. And we think that there is enough very large assumptions embedded in S-16 that it just didn’t make sense to push it further.
Michael Schall: Yes, it’s – it can be worse than that. But I would focus you on the percent of supply, total supply to total stock, which is at 0.6% for the portfolio. And Northern California is a little bit higher at 0.7%. But then, again, Northern California also has more momentum. I think we believe that tech markets are the winner here. And because their business models are pretty COVID-19-resistant for the most part, not that venture capital hasn’t been affected, it has a little bit and jobs haven’t been affected they have. Although when we look at, for example, the top 10 technology companies, job openings are down a little bit, but they’re still very strong. So our view is that the tech markets do better here, and we’ll continue on the path of leading the West Coast markets. And obviously, that’s been a key part of our investment. So I guess what I’m saying is I would be less concerned about supply in Northern California, given the strength, the overall strength of the job markets and the companies here. Probably, if we have a concern, even though it appears to be the least amount of supply, it’s Southern California because it doesn’t have the job drivers that Northern California and Seattle have.
Michael Schall: Yes. It’s a good question. And I believe you’re talking about, on S-15, the 2.2% which is the percentage of units delinquent in April not requesting assistance. So I guess most of that category is people that we haven’t heard from. And I think that there are really 2 components. There is the moral hazard component, those that just want to take advantage of the situation, the various laws and the reluctance of the courts to process evictions, et cetera. But I think there’s another piece of that, which is people that are just overwhelmed and/or, for whatever reason, ignore their notices. So I think it’s still a little bit early to tell exactly how that breaks down. I guess, from my perspective, that’s not a huge number in the scheme of things because I know when we were talking to our Board, we gave them a much larger range of delinquents. And so I think our actual experience is better than what we thought. And I was concerned that, to your point, that if you’re going to give people, there’s no hammer as it relates to evictions, maybe in late fees for some period of time as part of our overall program to try to help residents through this difficult period, etcetera, that there might be more of those people that just say, oh, I’m just not going to pay rent. Keep in mind that they still have a credit issue, and so there is a reason to pay rent. They still owe the money. And we still fully intend to pursue the collection effort. And we will have to approach it a bit differently, given the magnitude of it. And so – but we’re going to still push hard to collect it where we can. So this falls within one of the unknowns, and we’re not sure exactly what’s going to happen with that category. Fortunately, it’s only 2.2%.
Michael Schall: Yes. Yes, this is Mike again. We haven’t spent a lot of time on the H-1Bs, given all the other things that we’re working on. Anecdotally, we have not heard – in terms of what they’re actually doing, we know that they don’t qualify generally for unemployment. And therefore, to the extent they’re displaced, then maybe there’s a possibility that they will go home. And so that’s out there. But it’s just – it’s too hard to tell at this point in time. And I’m sorry, I missed the second part of your question.
Michael Schall: Thank you. Yes, yes. Yes, venture capital. So yes. No, I did. I did. Yes, venture capital, I mean, it still remains strong in our markets, still above the dot-com era. The last funding by quarter last quarter was – first quarter 2020 was $12 billion versus about $10 billion in the dot-com period, so still strong. Again, anecdotally, we’re hearing that venture capital valuations are dropping pretty substantially by a big number. We also – when we go through the WARN notices or the notices of layoffs, there are a lot of venture capital-funded companies that are on that list. So trying to figure out how to kind of continue operations at a time when valuations are not really attractive. So I would put this in the bucket of still a lot more unknowns than knowns as the venture capital world is trying to figure out what to do. I know, in our case, we have our technology fund consortium of – that the REITs and other multifamily owners put together. And we’re seeing some pretty attractive deal flow as a result of that and lower valuations overall. And so we think it’s actually a very good time to be an investor in technology at this point in time compared to the recent past.
Michael Schall: Sure, Alex. Good question. And yes, I don’t want to see the drywall patch job that our residents do for sure. Let’s see. The – I think...
Michael Schall: Yes. And Alex, let me pick up on that. So yes, we have sold some buildings in the downtown. MaSo, as you’ll recall, was sold in Q4 of last year and 8th & Hope the year before, one in Downtown San Francisco, one in Downtown L.A. And I would say, most of that motivated by some of the issues and the grittiness of the downtown and our expectation for some of the areas to be cleaned up more quickly and transition more quickly than they did. So I think that, that continues to be a pretty significant issue here on the West Coast. And our performance has been – it’s been okay in the downtowns. It hasn’t been great because of some of those factors. And so our – we become more suburban over time. And again, with we want to own property in the, I would say, B- to A quality area, in areas near jobs and never too far from the major job nodes. And I would say that suburban generally has outperformed the urban here on the West Coast. I realize that, in other markets, you can have different outcomes.
Michael Schall: It is the million-dollar question. And certainly, I don’t have an answer to it. I put this definitely in the unknown category. I think that we tend to have high-income levels out here, and the people that are earning high incomes want to consume services. And the services, for the most part, restaurants and a variety of things, those services are really not open at this point in time. So I think that there is a motivation to start opening things up again. Having said that, there – I think the governmental entities are incredibly, let’s say, conservative and concerned about surge capacity and some of the other issues that go along with it. So we’re going to take it one day at a time and can’t exactly predict what’s there. But I totally agree with you. I think that the demand for services is building and is pretty intense out there. And so hopefully, that motivates. We’ve seen various different things on the news about this in terms of closing the L.A. beaches. Boy, that’s a tough one, but because people want to get out and go do things. So I can’t exactly tell you what’s going to happen, but I definitely can feel the pressure building.
Michael Schall: Yes, Rich. This is Mike. And I think I went through some of this previously. But the job forecast and the GDP forecast or estimates, again, we survey a wide range. We don’t do any fundamental research as it relates to the macro economy. And as there is wide dispersion of what people think is going to happen. And as we sort of triangulated all that, we got the minus 900,000, 6.6% job loss in our West Coast markets. So that’s where that came from. We don’t – again, we don’t add – we don’t try to add value. We just try to report the facts as it relates to that. What this has intended to do is take those macro forces and consider what would happen with rents in a normal situation because we don’t have a COVID-19 model because we’ve never been through this before. But in a normal situation, if you had minus 6.6% jobs – job growth and you had about 0.9% apartment deliveries, what would happen with rents? And so that’s where the 2.8% number came from in terms of our rent forecast, minus 2.8%. And again, that compares to plus 3% that we achieved in the first quarter. So in order to average minus 2.8% for the year, when you to start with 3 months of 3, yes, things get pretty ugly in the second half of the year. We view this as more just part of the shock of – to the system. There’s been an extraordinary shock to the system. And I think John’s equilibrium comment is the right one. We need to get back to equilibrium, and there will be short-term pain in order to get back to equilibrium. And best I can tell, it’s going to be somewhere around 1 month free on stabilized communities, which is sort of embedded into the minus 2.8%. So that’s where it comes from. And – but this is just our modeling. This is what happens in our rent forecasting model when you put these various pieces in. Again, it doesn’t reflect a COVID-19 scenario and the extraordinary uniqueness of the situation. So it could be different. And again, this is why we didn’t follow up with this and then push into guidance because there’s a whole another set of assumptions that would go into that.
Michael Schall: Yes. In our model, it gets progressively worse because, again, you have seasonality that comes into the equation. Although we would say Q3 is normally our best quarter, let’s say, and we’re not going to get the benefit of the positive seasonality, and so maybe the negative which typically comes in the fourth quarter will be more muted. But we just don’t know. So we – the way that our model runs is it gets progressively worse, and then we’ll hit bottom sometime in Q4 and then rebound from there.
Michael Schall: Yes. Again, I think this is – goes within the category of, hey, there has been an extraordinary shock to the system and the markets are trying to find equilibrium, but they’re changing as time goes on. Again, there are people that are on unemployment. Some of them will be brought back and – to work. And some of them won’t have a job, given you’re probably going to chop the capacity of a restaurant in half, for example. And maybe that’s made up with delivery or pickup type services or whatever, but it’s just going to be different. And I would say it’s beyond our ability to really predict with any degree of certainty when it comes to what that scenario is going to look like, which – but it will – we will have equilibrium. Historically, when you talk about the great financial crisis or 9/11 or the dot-com period, these periods go on for maybe 18 months and then kind of turn the corner. In this case, I think we’ve had all the negative part of that 18 months in 1 month. And so it’s all been compressed, and then now we have the second part where we’re hopefully hitting bottom and now we’re recovering. So I would expect that whole process, therefore, to compress to maybe 9 months or something like that.
Michael Schall: Well, John, I know you guys tracked us pretty well, and we do, too. And there have been all kinds of proposals out there. Fortunately, most of them have not moved forward. And in California, obviously, we have AB 1482, which is statewide rent control, imposing a cap of CPI plus 5 with a cap of 10. So we’re managing through that environment. Fortunately, the more aggressive proposals have not been adopted, thank goodness. I would say the one that was most concerning, really, maybe two of them, one is L.A. extending the rent payment program out a year. And then there’s the judicial council that essentially is not going to hear eviction cases for some period after the state of emergency is raised. So we track it, but we think that, for the most part, we’re working through it. And as John said, the good news is that most of our residents have chosen a higher path of working with us to work through their situation. And again, I look at that 2% bucket that hasn’t communicated with us as being probably, ultimately, good news with respect to those that aren’t trying to take the maximum advantage of these various laws.
Michael Schall: No. I don’t – no, we have not. Again, this is – take the macro inputs, job growth, GDP growth, supply, and it’s straight, this is what comes out of our model if we put those factors in and again, for the marketplace. So I think the CARES Act will definitely help. That’s referring to S-16.1. And the pretty great unemployment benefits that are out there, I think that helps with respect to people hopefully being able to stay in our units longer and paying rent for a longer period of time and minimizing the damage. Even if they pay a half a month, that may be okay. At least they don’t accrue a balance that becomes so large that they just can’t – we just finance it. So I think it will help. It will help more on the delinquency side probably than it will on the rent side.
Michael Schall: Well, clearly, this is California, and so you’re going to hear some of those things and there have been various proposals out there. And we don’t think that they’re constitutional, but that doesn’t necessarily stop them from being circulated. There actually is a bill in Sacramento, AB 828, that would give the courts the right to force landlords under certain circumstances to reduce rents by 25%. We think it’s unlikely. But it’s out there. We think it’s very unlikely. We don’t think it will happen. And again, from what we understand in all these discussions throughout the West Coast, which are mainly cities, there have been a lot of proposals, but the city attorneys have been pretty good at pointing out the legal peril with respect to that position. So they have – those bills have not been passed. And I think at this point in time, it appears that we’re beyond that period where we’re getting what seems to be a new legal mandate a day. We’re kind of beyond that period now, and I think we’re more in the period of let’s figure out how to get back to work and open up. So I think that, from a timing perspective, the time for those bills has come and gone.
Michael Schall: Yes. Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining the call today. Please call or e-mail us with any questions or comments. And our best wishes to you and your family during this challenging time. Thank you. Good day.
John Burkart: Yes, I will take that. What we are seeing, I am going to start with an amazing event and we are really seeing some good people that were impacted by situations outside their control, really all trying to figure it out and do the right thing. I don’t want to focus on the potential of a few bad actors. The reality is we have a lot of great people that are working hard. Our resident response team is engaged with them and we are seeing good behavior by really the majority of those people. I acknowledge there are some people we haven’t connected with. But even those people, some of them have actually paid some levels of rent. They might just be a little bit shell-shocked from this whole situation. My expectation is that as the government assistance rolls out, that people will probably make as much rent payments as they can. And then again, as I mentioned, we do expect the relaxation of some of the shelter-in-place requirements and a somewhat orderly challenged, but orderly economic improvement. And so we expect to see people starting to go back to work, being able to pay rent. And for those that can’t pay rent, they may end up moving out. But again, our markets that we’re in benefit from this chronic undersupply. And so what we’ve always seen in the past is whenever there is some level of a shock, it takes some time, 1 to 3, 4 months, and we start to have people from the outside areas moving into our markets and supporting occupancy and therefore, rents. So I see – I have a somewhat optimistic view as to how this goes, but again, I want to be very candid that where we are today, there is a little bit of dislocation going on right now.
John Burkart: Yes. Mike, let me just add. In my comments, I mentioned that those are the people that we haven’t spoken with. But I also said some of them have actually paid partial payments. So to be clear, you can’t look at that group and say that they’re a moral hazard. I’ll give you an example. One of the things we did at Essex is we – early on, realizing the challenge that this was for so many people, we identified residents that have been challenged with us in the past. They may have had reviews that they wrote that they were upset with for whatever reason, and we reached out to them just to check and see how they were doing. The feedback we got was amazing, but what we found is many people were somewhat shell-shocked. They really just weren’t interacting with the public. And so we had people that were saying, wow, call me back next week. And so I think how this impacted a lot of people were some people just kind of went back into their units and just disconnected from everything, and then others were just trying to work through it. And maybe they were working, and they’re connecting with other people. So I don’t associate the 2.2% as being reflective of moral hazard. I recognize there may be some of that out there. But I think people will come along, and we’re seeing good behavior overall. We’re hearing amazing stories. So I wouldn’t associate that with moral hazard.
John Burkart: Yes, you didn’t miss it. This is John. They’re materially consistent with April. One thing I would say is, because of when the fifth falls, things can move around a little bit, but we’re right on path with April.
John Burkart: Yes. So the – I definitely believe that activity troughed, it troughed in the first week of April and the commentary that I gave related to the last week versus the April average, and it was up substantially. Our applications were up over 60%. So we saw a lot of market activity. So, very good outlook going forward, what we are seeing is the market is moving toward equilibrium. We are offering some level of concessions. People are renting units. Things are going in the right direction. That’s a good thing. As it relates to year-over-year activity, we’re definitely lower. It’s a little harder to compare because when you look at, say, tours, we’re up an infinite amount on virtual tours right now. We had no virtual tours a year ago. And so when you’re trying to compare those numbers, it’s a little challenging. That’s why I gave away the trough, which was the first week of April and then this last week, where we are in comparison. We’re continuing to see this with good leasing traffic, good activity. But overall, definitely, the market for April was and we call it shell-shocked, it was less than what it was a year ago in April, but given exact comparisons, it would be misleading.
John Burkart: Yes. Financial occupancy relates to whether or not someone is in our unit for the full month of the period, whatever the period is, compared to our scheduled rent, whereas physical occupancy is just simply looking at the units and whether or not they’re occupied, so the – at one point in time. So, our – we quoted our physical occupancy as of April 30, which was on that day, whereas our financial occupancy for April would have been the whole month, so a little bit different. The reason we were doing that is we’re trying to give out to people, again, full transparency, give a good understanding of where we ended up because we did end up lower than where we were for the month. I will say, though that things have picked up and is what you would expect. It’s consistent with what I’m saying. We do expect occupancy to continue to pick up. I think that was probably our low point. When you think about it with traffic being in the low at the first week, that’s typically going to relate to occupancy being in the low several weeks later and then all of a sudden, it picks up. So this whole thing is working out as expected consistently. And I expect our occupancy will continue to pick up going forward, which it is right now.
John Burkart: The delinquency, first off, Alex, we are a high-service shop, so some of the self-help might literally be replacing the light bulb. But anyway, the – as to the delinquency, as I mentioned, we aren’t really seeing a high-rise versus low-rise of rent. We’re not seeing correlations as it relates to that. When I look at the – what occurred, certain assets were impacted more than others. And when I dug deep into that, you could see the logic, like an asset that perhaps is next to a mall or one that’s highly impacted by a school, and you could understand what was going on. But then when I tried to apply that fact to other assets that had similar situations, next to a mall, 10 miles away, or highly impacted by a school, the results weren’t the same. It was really interesting and unique. And what I did find, though, is that there was a submarket distinction, and that’s why I brought up the submarkets. And so Downtown L.A. was highly impacted. And that’s why I brought that one up specifically as was the Woodland Hills and Woodland Hills has exposure to the entertainment industry. So we did see those types of impacts. We also saw regional impacts, less in the Pacific Northwest. And of course, there, we have a lot of assets on the Eastside, many of them are garden-style and that type of thing, really low impact. And then in the middle was the Bay Area, and in more in the South, we had greater impact. Some of it was the Disneyland effect.
John Burkart: No. I’m glad to hit that. Retail is a really small part of our portfolio, like 1%, 1.5%. Our retail delinquency was basically about half of the retail tenants paid what they owed. So it was roughly in line with other things I’ve seen in the industry. That group of retail where they’re located at multifamily sites typically are relatively handing out their service providers. So when the business shuts down, they struggle. We’re working with really all of them and are pretty hopeful that they will be able to reopen back up. And we also will work with them on payment plans. So – but that group was hit hard, and we’ve seen that really across the industry in everything I’ve seen.
