Barbara Pak: Thanks, Angela. I'll start with a few comments on our first quarter results, followed by an update on our recent capital markets activities and the balance sheet. I'm pleased to report core FFO for the first quarter exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.04 per share, of which $0.02 is from consolidated operations and the other $0.02 relate to the joint venture portfolio and lower interest expense. Of the $0.02 beat on operations, $0.01 relates to higher same-property revenues and the other $0.01 is from lower operating expenses, which is timing related.  For the second quarter, we expect core FFO to be $2.92 at the midpoint, a $0.15 per share decline sequentially. Half of the decline is attributable to the loss of income on the early redemption of $110 million preferred equity investment, which occurred at the end of March and the $276 million of dispositions that closed at the end of February. There is a temporary mismatch on the timing of the use of a portion of the proceeds. And as such, this is causing a $0.07 decline sequentially.  In addition, we expect commercial income to be $0.02 lower as we had onetime benefits related to better delinquency collections in the first quarter that we do not expect to repeat in the second quarter. The remaining decline relates to lower same-property NOI due to higher expected operating expenses and delinquency and higher G&A. For the full year, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for same-property revenue, expense and NOI growth and core FFO per share.  Turning to investments. During the quarter, we received $120 million for the redemption of 2 preferred equity investments. One of the investments totaling $110 million was redeemed early as the developer was able to sell the property for a price that exceeded our pre-COVID valuation. We estimate the cap rate at 3.6% on pre-COVID rents and 3.25% on current net effective rents. As a result of the early redemption, the company received $3.5 million in prepayment penalties or $0.05 per share, which compensates us for the lost income on the portion of the investment that was made in the fourth quarter of 2020. However, for FFO purposes, we book this income as a noncore item. Given the strong demand to invest in apartments and cheap financing alternatives currently available, we may experience additional early redemptions of preferred equity investments in 2021.  Moving to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we issued $450 million of unsecured bonds with a 7-year term at an effective yield of 1.8%. The proceeds were used to refinance most of our unsecured term loans that matured over the next 2 years, allowing us to extend our maturity profile with no impact to interest expense. We now have less than $200 million of debt maturing between now and the end of 2022. Since the beginning of 2020, we have refinanced nearly 30% of our debt, taking advantage of the low interest rate environment and reducing our weighted average interest rate by 60 basis points to 3.2%. This is leading to a significant reduction in interest expense in 2021 and can be seen in the first quarter results via the $4 million reduction to interest expense compared to the prior year.  During the quarter, we raised our common dividend by 60 basis points to $8.36 per share on an annual basis, our 27th consecutive dividend increase. This is a sign of our strong balance sheet and cash flow coverage despite the effects of the pandemic. With approximately $1.4 billion of liquidity and minimum near-term funding needs, our balance sheet remains strong, and we will remain disciplined as we look for ways to invest accretively to create shareholder value.  With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Barbara Pak: Nick, it's Barb. Yes, we did have a good first quarter, and we did see some favorable outcome on our same-store growth. However, it is early in the year, and there is some uncertainty related to delinquency in eviction moratorium. So that play a factor into it. And then on the preferred equity redemptions, we do have some uncertainty there. We're likely going to exceed the high end of our guidance range on the redemption side. So we're just working through some of the timing on that, and we'll revisit it in the second quarter.
Barbara Pak: Rich, this is Barb. So yes, 1Q was strong. And like we mentioned, we are tracking favorable on same-store through the first quarter. And I think what Angela alluded to in her opening remarks was that we just hit 50% reopening at this point within California. And so while we feel good about where we're at, we've had a lot of stops and starts within California over the past year, which leads us to just take a little bit more conservative approach, and we'll revisit in the second quarter. We do feel good about where things are, where fundamentals are. The wildcard is really delinquency, which we've talked about in the past. And you can see in our numbers April did increase from where we were in Q1. And so those are the things that were -- that weighed on us when we looked at our guidance. But it was -- we did trend favorably in the first quarter from a same-property perspective.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. That's a good question there. On the renewals, I think with -- to your point, with a year-over-year comp, that will improve as we lap the pandemic. What we actually are seeing is sequential improvement on our market rents. And so that is starting. And so as concessions continue to abate, and we have built a solid foundation with a strong level of occupancy, I do expect our performance to continue to trend better. But as Barb noted earlier, there are certain factors, right? There's delinquency that's unknown. There's legislative impact that's still uncertain there. And so we wanted to make sure that we factor all those items.
Angela Kleiman: At this point -- at this occupancy level, we're very comfortable holding it. And to us, we see that as a sign of strength to allow us to start pushing rents. But once again, I do want to make sure that we're cautious on our concessions land because that is a function of concentration of supply as well. So there are a couple of different factors. But to your point, yes, we are -- with the occupancy level where they are, we do feel comfortable to start pushing rents as we head into peak leasing season.
Angela Kleiman: Sure, sure. I can give you quarter-by-quarter trends. And if you want to go into more granularly than that, we could talk about that. But we talked about in third quarter of last year, we had -- our concessions was somewhere around 3.5 weeks that represented about 75% of our portfolio. In the fourth quarter, that improved to about 60% of the portfolio at a little over 2 weeks. In the first quarter, now a further improvement, slightly below 50% of our portfolio at a little over 1 -- about 1.5 weeks. So that's where things are trending.
Angela Kleiman: I do. April is looking a little bit better, although keep in mind, this is the first 28 days. But April is now down to about a 1 week and at about 45% of our portfolio on average. So things are moving in the right direction.
Angela Kleiman: Yes. That's a good question. As we go through our renewals and releases and heading into the peak leasing season, what we're seeing is a more normalized behavior relative to pre-COVID. So when I look at numbers like our turns and applications and so that does not lead us to think that concessions itself will be significantly challenging. But keep in mind, concessions is really more of a function of the competitive supply and what the economy is doing. So it's not so much the lease duration itself. And so right now, our markets are only at approximately 50% of the open compared to the rest of the country that is mostly reopened. And so that's more of a factor. And of course, in certain CBD locations like the L.A. and Seattle, where there are still going to be continued supply pressure, we're going to see more because that will be in a more concessionary environment regardless of the lease term.
Michael Schall: Alex, it's Mike. That's a good question. We look at -- we all look at it a little bit differently. And 1 of the ways that we're looking at this now is take our portfolio and divide it into 3 categories: the large cities; let's say, the midsize cities; and suburban -- most suburban markets. And clearly, the most suburban markets have outperformed the cities and -- both on actually a year-over-year basis and on a sequential basis. For example, our best suburban market is Torrance, which sequentially is up 4.3%. And when you look into the midsized cities, we see improvement. I'd say, it's pretty clear that the improvement in our markets is starting in suburbia and moving towards the cities and unfortunately hasn't really benefited the cities to any great extent at this point in time.  So best-performing clearly is all the suburban markets. And it doesn't matter whether they're suburban Seattle or suburban Los Angeles. And then the midsized cities are sort of second best in terms of recovery trajectory. And then the large cities are lagging pretty substantially. And again, large city hampered by supply, which is greater in the cities, along with these job levers, which improved pretty significantly for the -- the 3-month trailing average job growth was minus 9.2%. And March was minus 7.9%. So there was actually a lot of improvement in the quarter, but we need that to continue. We feel like California got a bit of a late start coming out of in this reopening process. And so maybe from that perspective, we're a step behind where we thought we were, but we're making up ground and things are looking better. Hope that makes sense.
Michael Schall: Yes, that's fair. And again, the urban areas are where you lost these service jobs, which are concentrated, of course, in the cities, and they have more supply. So it's really that confluence of both of those factors that is causing this. Those -- as you move from the large cities into the midsized cities and into suburban markets, suburban markets have very little supply. So we don't have someone competing with you in a new property next door offering 2 months free plus whatever else they might throw in. So that dynamic occurs mostly in the cities, and that is what is preventing our pricing power in the cities from improving substantially.
Michael Schall: Yes. Yes. Thanks for that question. I'd say SmartRent was 1 of the first investments that was made by this consortium of companies that were started by the 3 REITs that are equal partners plus other owners of apartments aggregating -- I think we started with 1 million -- owners of 1 million units of apartments. And now I think it's -- Fund II is up to like 2 million units of apartments. So some pretty substantial ownership. And again, the original concept was to create technology improvements in the industry, operating improvements using technology and rolling them out through the portfolio of apartments that the ownership group together controlled. So that's worked out great. And it's interesting because SmartRent is 1 of the first investments that we made.  And as you noted, The Wall Street Journal announced that SmartRent has entered into an agreement with a SPAC to merge for $2.2 billion, less about $500 million in working capital, which would value the company on a net basis at about $1.65 billion we believe. But there are many steps you noted to complete that process. SPACs have been pretty volatile in the recent past. And so there's no assurance that this is going to -- this will go through. But it seems like the sponsorship of the SPAC is pretty well aligned and very motivated for this to happen. So I feel, ultimately, pretty good about that.  And so there will be some financial benefits. We were -- RET Ventures was an early investor -- seed round investor and then invested all the way through the B and C rounds of SmartRent, so it's a substantial owner. I don't want to get into all the details, but there will be pretty significant potential gain there. But I guess, maybe more fundamentally in terms of the impact, it goes back to the vision of RET Ventures in the beginning, which is to try to bring technologies -- better technology into these companies to improve efficiency and the way we interact with our customer. And SmartRent is an example of that, but there are many other investments.  I think there are 12 additional investments in addition to SmartRent that were made by Fund I and we're on Fund II currently, and we're utilizing a number of those. So I'll give you an example of one, which is a -- it's a -- the customer relationship management function. And we're currently piloting, for example, and we've done several hundred leases in a product that essentially allows you to do the entire lease process from your smartphone and/or from a computer. So we are pretty far into the testing of that. We're also continuing our rollout of SmartRent, which we think is a long-term benefit to both the company and the industry. And so from a technology perspective, we're very excited about what's happening recently.
Michael Schall: Yes. Let me hold that negative for a second here. And each of these crash and recovery periods is a little bit different. The thing that was unique about the Internet boom and then the bust period that followed was in Northern California we had roughly 40% growth in market rents before the bust. So you had this huge surge of market rents because these small tech companies, many of which didn't even have a product identified, let alone revenue, were bringing people to the West Coast. And there were no -- we couldn't produce apartments fast enough to keep up with that demand, and we had spiked 40%. Well, we gave all of that back plus then some in the ensuing few years after that period ended in the bust period. And I remember that period very well because we started selling Northern California and buying Southern California, which Southern California had no discernible benefit from that Internet boom and so assets appeared to be really cheap in Southern California, really expensive in Northern California.  So -- and then it took a long time for markets to recover from that period. I think that set back from the -- from -- essentially the lack of real businesses that went public was a dramatic setback. I think the IPO markets -- it's 20 years later, and I think the IPO markets are only started to recover a year or 2 ago from all of that. So it's taken a long time. Fast forward to today, it appears that this pandemic -- I'd say the response to it has been much different. The governmental response in terms of pumping money into -- and liquidity into the markets and making sure that a pandemic doesn't morph into a credit or financial crisis. And so I give the governmental entities a lot of credit for that.  So it feels like we're through the worst of this and we're coming out the other side, and there's a lot of money chasing deals and asset values are increasing. And so I'd say all of that's a good thing. I'd say maybe if there is a negative, it goes back to what do you do now with the new knowledge and with what you have? Basically you're worse markets historically in terms of growth rates over the last 20 years and now you're best markets. Does that continue on? Or what does it mean for your portfolio? And we all spend a lot of time on that. And Adam is in the middle of transacting around it. So -- but for us, I think that means that we sell some of our lesser properties, some of the properties that, for whatever reason, we think will underperform.  Notably, last quarter, we sold Hidden Valley, which is a property that has 25% very low BMR units, which makes it very difficult to grow. The property is great. It's in a great location, but if you have 25% very low BMR units, the growth rate just can't keep up. So we sell that property, and then we will look for an ability to repurpose those funds into something that has a good long-term growth rate, is in a better area. So that process is ongoing. And as noted -- as Barb noted, there's a little bit of FFO dilution in Q2 as a result of those transactions occurring before we reinvest those proceeds. There's a little bit of drag. And so I'd say that is perhaps a downside, I think. However, the long-term benefits will be very apparent.
Michael Schall: Yes, Jeff. I think we're starting to see it, but if you -- we have S-17.1 that talks about the reopening. Most of these reopenings are still months or a quarter or 2 away. So yes, I don't think that, that's where we're seeing the benefit. I think it's been recovery as noted in, let's say, the Motion Picture industry is now opening up and there are some service jobs coming back. And so jobs have grown. We're still off a big number, but jobs have grown. I think that the -- in terms of specifically coming back to the office, I think that's been a slow process at this point in time. I don't think it's any -- to any significant degree, it's actually occurred. I think it's ahead of us.
Michael Schall: John, it's Mike. It's -- we don't really know how to track it exactly. So we do try to triangulate across the company with -- we track jobs and we track where our residents are coming from. And certainly, we track migration patterns. But trying to do this at sort of very granular level, I think, is pretty difficult. So what we have tried to do is say, hey, let's keep track of the big tech companies and when they plan to come back to the office. And then we should be able to see the traffic increase as they start coming back in greater volumes. At this point in time, as noted a minute ago, we just haven't seen a whole -- we haven't seen a lot of it. We don't think that's a major part of this recovery at this point in time.
Michael Schall: That's another good question. I don't have that granular detail. We track supply-demand mostly by jobs and obviously supply. And we know that there's some demographic tailwinds. And obviously, we know that the students are out there and -- but they're a relatively small part of our occupancy. So they're not big enough to be a driving factor in the broader scheme. The big picture is jobs, I would say, demographics, i.e., people who living longer and therefore consuming homes longer than they have jobs and the overall supply numbers. So we don't get down to that granular level.
Michael Schall: Barb, maybe I can add just 1 quick thing based on what you said. Because in Q1, we think that we benefited from stimulus payments, specifically because we saw delinquency improve kind of in the light of January, February time frame. And so now we get into SB 91, which is the federal stimulus money, and we haven't seen very much of that at all. That remains a big question mark in terms of what its impact is going to be going forward. And we have no way to -- no historical precedent or even way to anticipate that.  So I think that we've always been a little bit conservative and wait to see what happens and let the events occur and then report them as opposed to trying to build them into our guidance. And so I think that's -- it's kind of a philosophical bias that we have. And with respect to delinquencies, specifically, I think it's just hard to predict what's going to happen, not that we think anything bad is going to happen. We'd say SB 91 ultimately can only be good news, but we just don't have a way to time it, to get the timing, nor the magnitude given that we've never seen it before.
Michael Schall: Yes, $396,000. Yes. That's from S-17. No, we do our own fundamental research on our markets. Yes, so definitely ours.
Michael Schall: Yes. That's an extraordinarily good question. And it's 1 that causes us a fair amount of sleeplessness at night, and we don't have the answer to it. We know that the existing eviction moratoriums lapsed on June 30. And we also know that there is a pretty significant number of renters that over that -- the last year, it's more than 6 months, over the last year or by the time we get to June, it will be almost a year, that will not have paid us even the 25% rent that's required to maintain their eviction protection under SB 91.  So we know that this is going to be a problem. I would also say that there's no way that the courts can keep up with foreclosure processing. So I don't know exactly how that's going to work itself out either. So unfortunately, I'm going to have to say that we're going to work through it. We're going to -- we are obviously a public company. Obviously, we have sort of an obligation to treat our residents thoughtfully and carefully. And so we will do our best to work through that. But I can't tell you exactly what we're going to run into as we get into that period of time. We are absolutely very concerned about it. and we'll have to take it a step at a time, I guess, what I'd say.
Michael Schall: Yes, it is. But at the same time, the people that have -- let's say, we know that there are people that have received various forms of benefits and/or payments and haven't paid their rents. So finally, we'll be in a position to reconcile some of those situations where people are using the laws to shield themselves from paying anything. So it isn't all bad. There is a good element to it as well. And maybe people face with -- if they want to maintain their eviction protection, they're going to have to pay us the 25% of rents that have accrued from September 1 through June 30, to the extent they haven't already paid it. So it's not all bad. It's sort of a -- I would say it's kind of a time for reconciliation come June 30. And again, it's difficult to predict exactly what that's going to look like.
Michael Schall: I don't think that we have that data. We have move-outs occurred and what categories, but we're not tracking it by age cohort.
Michael Schall: There is some difference. I don't have any data in front of me. There are some differences in that. Again, because the cities have had such a dramatic drop in rents, a different kind of renter is moving into the cities. And there's definitely more tech workers that are -- given work from home that are occupying housing in the suburbs. But I don't have any of that demographic data. We have it. We just -- I just don't have it with me. So apologize. We can follow-up with you on if we -- if you want to on this.
