Michael T. Dance: Thanks Erik and Mike for your kind remarks on my retirement. I hope today's outperformance in the Essex stock price is in reaction to our great operating results and not the announcement of my retirement. I appreciate all the congratulatory correspondents from Essex shareholders, the Board, associates, the sale side and REIT peers.  It has been a privilege to have served as the CFO the past 10 years. For over a year now, Angela and I have been working together on building a strong team that is well prepared to perpetuate the Essex track record. I am also personally committed to assist in a seamless transition of my responsibilities. I will now comment on the first quarter's results and the changes to the 2015 guidance. Based on higher than expected job growth in all three regions, the Essex first quarter same property portfolio revenue growth is tracking at the high-end of our revenue guidance for the year. As a result of the strong first quarter results, we have increased our full year same property growth rate by 50 basis points at the midpoint, to 7.25% and by 25 basis points for the combined legacy and BRE portfolios for the next three quarters.  This revised revenue guidance reflects only the first quarter results and we will await for the second quarter leasing activity to occur, before revising guidance to reflect the higher markets rents that we expect to occur if demand continues to outstrip the housing supply. We reported a favorable variance in same property operating expenses resulting in an additional $0.02 per diluted share of FFO in the quarter. The majority of the favorable operating expense variance is timing-related and is expected to increase with the higher resident turnover activity expected in the April through August peak leasing season. Operating expenses also benefited from levy rates lower than forecasted on our Seattle properties. This favorable property tax expense variance resulted in a reduction to the legacy Essex same property guidance by 25 basis points at the midpoint for the full year. We have not decreased the operating expense guidance for the combined BRE and Essex same property portfolio due to the uncertainty of future supplemental property tax assessments related to the legacy BRE California portfolio. We also reported core FFO in the first quarter of $2.29 per diluted share and have provided second quarter guidance for core FFO of $2.31 per diluted share at the midpoint of our range. The $0.02 net increase at the midpoint projects sequential growth in the consolidated and co-investment net operating income of approximately $7 million as a result of expected rent growth in the same property portfolio, accelerating lease up activity at the communities recently completed, and the acquisition of the three stabilized communities acquired from our co-investment partners. The 8th and Hope acquisition will be dilutive in the second quarter as it was only 50% occupied at the end of March and will not reach stabilization until the third quarter. In summary, the $0.10 per share growth expected from the sequential increase in net operating income will be offset by $0.07 per share related to the cost of capital required to fund the external growth, which includes the additional interest expense related to the $500 million bond offering that closed in mid March and a $0.01 per share increase in general and administrative expense expected in the second quarter as we continue to fill open corporate positions. In closing, a quick highlight on delivering the debt to EBITDA ratio we outlined in the merger financing plan. To fund the cash consideration of the 2014 merger with BRE, we contributed nearly $900 million of unencumbered assets through 50/50 joint ventures, which increased the company's debt to EBITDA to 7.4 times. A year later as a result of stabilizing the legacy BRE development pipeline and growing net operating income, the ratio has improved by 1 full turn and now stands at 6.4 times. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Michael T. Dance: Well -- generally speaking, we're a January 1, but given the magnitude of the merger we will bring in the BRE portfolio in the second quarter. So the second quarter same store comparison will be a combined versus a combined, but then the year-to-date will be an Essex only. So, we'll have two different unit accounts for the year-to-date versus quarter-over-quarter.
Michael T. Dance: Basically, all we've done is change our guidance to reflect the results already achieved. So basically bringing in our budgets to the scheduled rents and the occupancies we have today and moving it forward. We haven't gone back and revised market rents to reflect this demand/supply imbalance that Mike mentioned and Erik mentioned in their remarks, that we're seeing more jobs coming in than supply. So that imbalance continues. Yes, your comments are -- you understood me correctly.
Michael T. Dance: We're about 6.5 times turns with the growth that we continue to see in the sequential NOI and the continued success in leasing up the co-investments, it could be low sixes by the end of the year and continuing in to the high fives next year. So, basically to Mike's point, preparing for the times when things may change and we don't have that luxury, so I think continuing to build up that capacity for the rainy day is where we're headed.
Michael T. Dance: This is Mike Dance. The other change that we've made dramatic improvements on since the last recession, is most of our assets were encumbered, and so the ability to sell those assets was limited. And if that were to reoccur, we're in a much better position to sell assets and use those proceeds to buy back stock. So that's the other motivation for continuing to delever as we are in these good times.
Michael J. Schall: Hi, Nick it is Mike Schall and John Eudy is also here. He may have a comment. We continue to be interested in development and as I noted we have three, possibly four starts this year. We did not believe that the parcels that we sold for future development sites met our criteria in terms of going in yield or expected yields. And there was some complications in terms of the entitlement process and so we decided to sell them. So I wouldn't view that as indicative of our overall appetite for development. I've commented on previous calls that as we go through the cycle, and now our view is we're mid cycle plus. We will de-emphasize development at some point and obviously we don't know when the end of the cycle will occur. So we'll never exit development, but we will slow it down as we perceive that we're closer to the top of the cycle.
Michael J. Schall: That's a good question. I don't have the specifics. I think it will vary from location to location. And we're talking about at this point cities and local jurisdictions taking on this rent control issue. Obviously, they're concerned about the affordability of the rental stock within their communities and the ability of people to live and work within the same community. And with all the rent growth we've had it's obvious some of those issues are going to become more extreme. During this last quarter there was one specific city that was threatening a rent control ordinance, but negotiated with the major owners and ultimately concluded that if the major owners would agree to a 10% cap on renewal rents, and as you know we give out a variety of renewal options. So in our case we try to give longer-term renewal option subject to a 10% cap, and as long as we're willing to do that and commit to that, which we have done, that they would not pursue the rent control ordinance.  So there is an ongoing process here. We're also very active with the California Apartment Associations, when some of these really egregious rent renewal are given out, not by us but by anyone in the marketplace. We tried to be active in helping CAA mediate and work with them to try to make sure that the market pulls itself to the extent it can.
Michael J. Schall: It was much lower. I don't think that there was a specific number at this point in time. So, again this is the nature of the beast, to the extent that they feel that affordability within the city is being affected to a great extent. They will use this as leverage to try to moderate rent bumps on existing residents. So, I think it's an example of how the local jurisdictions are reacting to the large rent increases or large market rent growth within these marketplaces. And we see it everywhere, we see -- there was some discussion in Seattle and a variety of Bay Area cities and even in Southern California so, again we see it throughout our portfolio.
Michael J. Schall: Okay Chris, this is Mike Schall. Good question. Erik may have a follow up. If you go back to S14, I think it does a good job of outlining the apparent issue. If for example Los Angeles has 84,000 jobs being produced in 2015 and we assume that 2 to 1 ratio of jobs to household, that's 42,000 households. And the total supply, that's multi-family and for sale is 16,000. So, basically demand exceeds supply by 2.5 to 1 ratio, if you believe these numbers. And the only one that's even reasonably close is Seattle. And I guess I would pose the question back, because from our perspective these conditions are ideal for the company because if you're producing less than 1% of stock in these markets that had very substantial revenue growth, it's unclear where that net excess demand is going to go, and that's what's pushing rents higher and it's pushing for sale housing prices higher. It is a great scenario for apartments and for apartment owners and property owners within the markets that we're in. And I agree with you, Seattle is the one question mark. It's a relatively small part of our portfolio and we're somewhat concerned about it. But having said that it looks like we're going to have strong revenue growth for the foreseeable future. I don't know how long that's going to last.
Michael J. Schall: Let me comment on both of those. We did joint venture, the high rise in San Francisco near the Transbay Center, and we did that because it's a 42 storey high rise. High rises have, I think, a greater risk profile from the perspective of it takes you a few years to build them and then you have a vacant building that you have to fill up. And so a lot can happen within that period of time. And as a risk mitigation strategy, we thought it made sense to bring in a partner in that context. Having said that, we still believe that it met our basic underwriting criteria of cap rate today, based on market rents now of somewhere in the low 5% range. And we would certainly expect that to grow to somewhere in the 6% to 6.5% range by stabilization or maybe a little bit higher on that one because the construction process is longer.  As it relates to Station Park Green, that is a different product. It's actually a four phase project and therefore that phasing allows greater flexibility with respect to how we manage through the process if conditions change. And therefore I think we're less likely to seek a joint venture partner on that, but we have not finalized that decision at this point.
Michael J. Schall: We do have a couple of deals that we're looking at now and one of them is in contract. And so, I think that it will be fairly equally balanced. There's a little bit of uncertainty as to what is going to come out this summer in terms of product. Again it's been fairly thin at this point in time, but I would hope that we will be pretty close to the $600 million by late summer. That would be my expectation. Then it will probably slow down again as you go in to the more seasonal period of time in the late third and fourth quarter.
Michael J. Schall: Well, I think the only market that we remain somewhat concerned with is the Seattle market. Northern California and Southern California has again given supply/demand relationships, both look very strong to us, and so we'll focus there. Southern California, the absolute rent level is lower than Northern California and over a long period of time that relationship is, rents are a little bit higher in Northern California than they typically are in a relative basis to Southern California. That's if you look at for example, rent to median income statistics, Northern California is above not by a tremendous amount, but above the long-term historical average. Where, Southern California tends to be slightly below the long-term historical average. So we think that even though the economy is certainly better in Northern California, Southern California has more affordability, and therefore we're interested in both geographies.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, so we expected with the addition of the legacy BRE assets through the redevelopment program we've increased about 50% the number of units subject to redevelopment. And I think our target for the total year is around 2,100 to 2,200 units. So there will be a modest acceleration relative to what we did in the first quarter.
Michael J. Schall: I think that's spelled out in the guidance. If you go back to last quarter's guidance, you see a slight moderation in growth because of that. But again it's tracking very favorably, so I would go back to the guidance we provided last quarter that shows the moderation that occurs by combining the two portfolios.
Michael J. Schall: Sure, it's Mike Schall speaking again. I think the stock went over $240 earlier this year and there was a pretty significant rally in the 10 year treasury as well. And so we have tried to match fund our acquisitions. And again, what we try to accomplish is capture the arbitrage between our blended cost of funds and the cap rate on the asset, trying to hold portfolio of quality constant, and try to improve the growth rate at the same point. So, at that particular point with the stock trading at $240 and the 10 year, I think it got down to like $170 or something like that was a -- I don't think it's ever been better in my 30 years, almost 30 years here. So, that was an extraordinary period of time. And then we tried to execute match fund transactions against that and again try to capture the arbitrage. So, every quarter that goes by that we're generating somewhere around 10% to 15% core FFO growth was against the cost of capital because you have greater cash flow coming out of the existing portfolio. Again, multiples are declining from that force and from the stock price moderation and from interest rates increasing, still attractive, but increasing. So, again as it relates to acquisition development is different, but as it relates to acquisition we're looking at that, whether there is arbitrage and trying to capture at a favorable moment.
Michael J. Schall: Sure. We follow a fairly standard program looking at the impact of NAV and core FFO. Core FFO on a per-share basis, what is the impact of the acquisition. And again, we're looking for some sort of arbitrage between those two numbers or else all things being equal, if there's zero arbitrage in those numbers and we're generally not inclined to do another acquisition. And more recently we've seen that arbitrage somewhere between 25 and 50 basis points. And again, when our stock rallies and debt rallies if we get closer to that 50 basis point type of number, and then of course we're interested in growth rates. So, we want any acquisition that we make to outgrow the average growth rate of the portfolio. So, we have a progress that we've developed internally that measured each of those things and if we can add value on the acquisition side, we do. If we can't, then we will pass.
Michael J. Schall: I think on the margin, there is not a great deal of impact. If there's a shock to the system and/or something happens that's more pervasive, then absolutely we see an impact. When the internet boom of the late 1990s and early 2000 ended and the companies that were consuming huge chunks of cash had no access to capital, that obviously had a tremendous impact on hiring within the valley went negative by I think somewhere around 10% in Silicon Valley. But on the margin, we're not anywhere close to that type of scenario. And I don't think that they're all that sensitive to stock price as it relates to growing their business. Most of these businesses especially the social media businesses and a lot of the other businesses are very well financed and are not reliant on stock issuance in order to grow.
Michael J. Schall: Hey Alex, you recognize the irony in your question because you accuse him of being a sand bagger and then you ask him if he's going to raise guidance.
Michael J. Schall: Yes Alex, this is Mike. One of the strategic limitations that we place upon ourselves is commute patterns because people in general are willing to commute a certain distance from their jobs and trust me, commutes have become much worse out here than I think they've ever been in my career. And we think that limitation is somewhere around a half hour, a half hour commute for a renter. We realize that homeowners will commute longer distances to be sure probably typically an hour. And so that limitation and the increased traffic has meant that to get to your job, the jobs are very concentrated in certain places. To get to your jobs is more challenging than ever. And so we think that the high density residential alternative, be it the condos or apartments is going to be the overwhelming preference of the cities in order to meet the housing need within the area. Interestingly, this last quarter there was a single family development proposal that was at least put off and maybe canceled because of water use. Because single family residential homes consume more water than condos and apartments do. So again, I've commented previously on the impact of AB32 and SB375. These are California's global warming initiatives which have the effect of trying to become much more resource oriented and resource and conservation of resource oriented. And I think that has a bearing on where housing is going to be located so, hence our preference for transit oriented sites and areas that are fairly close to the urban cores or the job centers.
Michael J. Schall: Dan, that's a good question. I think the plan will be to continue what we've done over the last several years. We will be selling the non-core assets, which certainly Riverside would be included in at the appropriate time. And try to cull the portfolio, we're not in any particular hurry. We think the portfolio is as good as it has ever been and therefore we're happy with the portfolio. But if we see opportunities to dispose of those secondary locations, yes, we're going to do that.
Michael J. Schall: Yes Dan, it's actually we've had that 10% or some type of renewal cap in place for some period of time. And so it really isn't anything new. And part of the reason why we do it, is it sets up a great discussion with your resident because yes, you're right they don't like a 10% renewal increase. However, the next step in that conversation is, hey, go out and look at the other properties in the area, and we think that you'll come back and conclude this is a rental value, a good rental value and we think we will keep you as a result of that. And so I think it does act as a reward for being an Essex customer which is important to us. And at the same time thought there are these benefits that you don't really see, which are lower vacancy, lower turnover cost. And if you have X amount of traffic coming in the front door, you now have fewer units to lease to that fixed amount of traffic, and obviously it can push rents on the -- for the people that are coming in off the street a little bit harder. So, I think it actually works really well and we've had great success with it over several years and we're happy with it. We think it's a great program.
Michael J. Schall: The IRRs, the typical acquisition IRR which again let's go back to basic strategy, if we're buying on balance sheet, we are really more focused on the impacts to NAV per share, core FFO per share, and the growth rate of the portfolio. In the co-investment world we're more focused on IRRs. But I think generally speaking the IRRs on the typical acquisition are somewhere in the 7% to 8% range, and the development IRRs are in the 9% to 10% range un-levered.
Michael J. Schall: It's a good question, Haendel and we're debating it at this point in time. I note that less than 19% of our revenue is coming from Seattle. So it's not a huge amount. We are looking at the possibility of culling parts of that portfolio. I want to be clear, I don't see a problem per se up there because the jobs growth has been so good. The issue is if there's something broader that happens more broadly to the U.S, economy, which could be geopolitical or international in scope or whatever, that has an effect on the economies around the world, if you have a couple percent job growth -- couple of percent supply growth in that environment, you could find yourself over supplied relatively quickly. So that's the risk that we're focused on. But I think things look good. Based on the numbers that we have in terms of job growth, relative to supply, I think Seattle is still fine.
Michael J. Schall: Drew, that's a good question. We have plenty of competition from all the above. From some foreign investment, which I'm hoping a strong dollar might lessen that. But we haven't seen that thus far. And other REITs provide plenty of competition, private equity is in the mix. But everyone has their own little template that they like and that they're pursuing. And so you see a variety of different requirements or mandates out there with respects to the types of property, newer versus value add and locational differences. Some investors we've seen recently are really trying to focus on yield, so they're willing to go to an area that maybe not be in the CBD for example, or an urban area. Maybe go a little bit further out in order to get 25 or 50 basis points higher cap rate. So, again I think it varies from investor to investor. But I'd also say that we're not seeing that many transactions out there, so the transactions that come out tend to be aggressively bid. And right now there's quite a few merchant built properties that are being delivered and will be sold in several of our sub markets. There's also a demand for value add. In our discussion about value add, it seems like so much of the benefit of the value add is already being priced in. It's difficult for us to make those deals work. And so you see a variety of things, but the bottom line is a relative dearth of well located property and plenty of capital chase event.
Michael J. Schall: And again we will cull the portfolio but what I said about acquisitions a few minutes ago, that they're accretive to NAV cash flow and growth rate to make that work in reverse, because at disposition you need somewhere to put the money. And having, it is funny most of my career the option of leaving money in a money market account or in short-term bond was not that painful. It's obviously incredibly painful now because money -- interest on money is 20 basis points or something like that. So you don't have that option. And acquisitions are still working, so that would imply that broad based disposition probably is not going to be part of our plan until those forces change.
Michael J. Schall: Well, that's a good question. I'm hoping someone around the table here has a crystal ball because I don't have it. Rich, I would say that things look as good from a supply/demand standpoint and in terms of what the State is looking to accomplish as it relates to housing in terms of higher densities, more urbanization, public transits, getting people out of their cars, and reducing the impact on commutes. I mean all of those things are incredibly positive for us. So I think…
Michael J. Schall: Yeah I felt so, it has gone wrong before, so that was my next point. One thing that's certain about the world is it will change. And people -- businesses make good decisions. In the late 1990s when Northern California became very expensive, you saw movement of businesses and back office operations, pieces of businesses to Southern California, and it was the beneficiary of the tech boom in the late 1990s and early 2000s. The tech community is, I would say, sensitive to broader economic conditions and Northern California from my mind is a more -- there's more volatility, but at a higher overall growth rate. Northern California generates the highest CAGR of rent growth over a long period of time as compared to any of our other markets. But there's more bouncing around, more volatility within that number. So, housing is very economically sensitive and to the extent you've got large supply pipelines that are undelivered, it becomes even more sensitive. We saw that in the last cycle in Seattle where we had 3% supply that went to jobs declined, something like 10% and that 3% supply hit the marketplace and decimated rents in that marketplace. So those are the types of things that we're concerned about. That enters in to our thinking though, and we try to react to it. People ask us, why do you joint venture your development pipeline and part of the reason for that is that we commit to a cap rate on day one and we don't know what the yield is and we don't know what our cost to capital is until the deal is finished. And therefore it exposes us during that period that we're building it and leasing it up to the forces that could change in the marketplace. So, we tried to -- part of the reason why our balance sheet remains at a very conservative level. So we try to build the model of the business and react to some of the forces that you're talking about in a thoughtful way. So that over the long haul we outperform. But, I would say that the answer to your question is dislocation in the economy will affect us and affect everyone at the same time.
Michael J. Schall: I remember it vividly. It's because the world was coming to an end remember that Dave? Or the fear was -- exactly, it was a very uncomfortable time to make big commitments because no one knew where the bottom was. And so I think that was the driving force that we were trying to focus on, let's maintain the dividend. Let's do a thoughtful job of operating the portfolio and let's not make any big bets in a very uncertain time.
Michael J. Schall: We have discussions about the 100 year flood, and how well -- and we did pretty well during that period of time. Obviously, the stock didn't do well, but we raised the dividend very marginally each year and we paid the dividend in cash every year. So, we think the model for our balance sheet has been pretty well tested in the 100 year flood and it has done pretty well. So, that factors in to our thinking. So obviously, everyone wants to deleverage at the top of the cycle. No one has certainty with respect to where that is. But we are debating it and we're trying to get that right. We still think that we have at least a couple and maybe more pretty darn good years ahead of us given the supply/demand relationship. And so hopefully our hope is that we continue to just naturally deliver via growth and we end up somewhere in the fives.
Michael J. Schall: We do believe that there are certain East Coast markets that are similar to the West Coast markets. I think the thing that's changed though since then is there are already four companies that are bi-coastal in nature, and we are the only ones that have this particular and I think very appealing piece of geography. So, I think the uniqueness in this case makes us favor a West Coast centric company. And I think that we've gotten pretty good credit for being the local sharp shooter out there, and I think that adds some value. And so, we're happy where we are, Dave.
Michael J. Schall: No, it's mostly base salaries. If you look at the base salaries in San Francisco and throughout the West Coast, I think they're high. And one of the things that's a little bit different about our markets is that personal income growth is pretty substantial. And I think that there's some fives and sixes in personal income growth and I have a chart here. 2015 personal income growth I think that San Jose is the leader at 6.2% and a lot of fives throughout our West Coast portfolio. So if we're growing rents at 7% and income levels are growing at 5% to 6.5% it's not really pushing that rent to median income level to a great extent. So we still feel pretty good about it. Anecdotally, I was talking to a young 26 year old professional that was renting with a couple roommates a place near the beach in Southern California and paying $3,300. And I said, how do you think about that $3,300, which to me is like the king's ransom in rent, but she thought, you know, that seems pretty good deal. So, I think we forget that each generation reprices and as long as the relationships are okay. So I think because we are in high income areas that the pushback from rent, which there certainly is some, but I think it's manageable.
Michael J. Schall: It's hard to tie it exactly to that. We hit an all time high, move out to buy homes in 2008, which you would expect before the crash. That was something like 17% or 18% and an all time low in 2009, that was about 7%. The recent trends have been a little bit below the long-term average which is 11% to 12%. I think the last quarter we said it was 9.8%, we move out to buy a home. So, we're not seeing a big move out push to buy homes at this point in time. But again, as I've commented on prior calls, there is a very limited supply of for sale housing and that is having a great deal of impact on the overall housing supplies within our markets, and it's helping us a lot.
Michael J. Schall: Yes, this is Mike answering this question. Generally speaking we're in the markets that we want to be in and we would not enter a new market because there was financing from a JV partner. In general, we're 50%, around 50% of these ventures. And we believe that the co-investment option is important to us because there are certain times where if our cost to capital changes and stock price goes down and debt rates go up, it may be more advantageous to use a joint venture to buy a property when we can't make it work on balance sheets. So, it is really a diversification program with respect to having different capital options so that we can optimize the opportunities that we see. So, generally speaking that's how we view it. When, as I mentioned on the call, our stock price rallies very nicely and debt rallies as well, we see opportunities to potentially buy out some partners. We're less excited about that today than we were earlier in the first quarter, and so I think that's less likely. But I think it's still the on balance sheet cost to capital is marginally better than the co-investment capital in terms of just the overall cost to capital equation. So, we'd probably prefer to execute on balance sheet still.
Michael J. Schall: Okay, very good, thank you operator. I guess in closing, I just want to note that we appreciate your participation on the call. Obviously, we're very pleased with what's going on out here and the results last quarter and our outlook ahead. And we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT next month. Good day.
Erik J. Alexander: I think that the leasing activity at some of the properties, in West Hollywood for example, and the activities downtown give us confidence that things were going to heat up there. Downtown has become much more attractive place to go, and we're actually seeing people moving from some of the other areas around downtown to be downtown and we just haven't seen that before. The West Side continues to be strong, so the Marina Del Ray, the Playa Vista where we have properties there. We're encouraged. We've seen 8% to 9% increase in economic rent growth since the beginning of the year in those locations. And as we said earlier, Orange County and San Diego have done better than expected out of the gate. If you look at where our forecast was, we thought for the year that LA was going to lead the pack, and in the first quarter San Diego and Orange County are. Since those are really pressured by supply, if we get that kind of job growth going forward there's no reason that we can't continue growing revenue there. So, I've just encouraged overall and I don't see why virtually all the properties shouldn't share in that better market condition.
Erik J. Alexander: New leases were in the 9% range, so yes, it's pretty close. And I think that renewals going forward are going to be in the high sixes. April came in higher than the first quarter, so it's moving in the right direction.
Erik J. Alexander: Yes, I think a little of what you said there but again we like the low turnover equation. More of that occurs in the second quarter in the summer anyway and so when you have that availability tied down, it does allow for upward growth on the new rent side which we would rather capture it there.
Erik J. Alexander: This is Erik. The lease ups are tracking very favorably. The one that we're paying attention to the closest is because it's new, is the One South Market asset that's about to have its first occupancy this month. We've already leased I think as of today 50 units, a little bit more even since yesterday. So, that's a really healthy absorption before we get started there. In the projects in San Francisco, Mosso and MB360 are coming up on stabilization, so their absorption was a little bit slower over the quarter but well within expectations. As you come towards the end, the Emeryville project has been clipping along at 9 to 10 leases a week and so we're just thrilled with that. From a concession standpoint, we probably have anywhere from zero concessions for the first 30 leases at One South Market, I think were done with no concessions on 24 of those and a half to one month on certain floor plans. So again that is an expectation there. And then at the other properties it would be four to six weeks on some of the floor plans. Pretty consistent with what's going on in the markets to get 25 plus leases per month.
