Scott Donnelly: So Sam, in terms of Bell, it’s sort of at the margins. As you know, we probably are less than 10% of our commercial helicopters in the oil and gas market. Frankly, that’s a number we’d like to see higher. That’s part of the rationality of the investment in the 525 because I do think over time that will continue to be a large market segment that we would like to participate in a bigger way. But at this point, it’s a fairly small piece. Most of our aircraft are in service in that market or still flying to a lot of the Gulf of Mexico rigs and things like that. So I think there’s probably some softness in the exploration world but in terms of our customers operating the aircraft under contract of the existing operating rigs, we haven’t seen really material change in that. In terms of what it means from a commodity cost standpoint, most of the contracts that we have in the automotive world, we largely pass through increases and decreases on commodity, so I don’t expect it to be a big swinger one way or the other.
Scott Donnelly: So if you look at Bell, certainly the commercial market was softer than we expected earlier in the year and so that accounts for the bulk of the lower revenues at Bell. As I said earlier, I do expect to see some pick-up. There’s not a specific thing in this story [ph] that carry over from quarter to quarter but there certainly are a number of opportunities in the marketplace that we feel we’re likely to win that would help us see a slight uptake in commercial activity in 2015 versus 2014. And then on the systems front, the big impact really for us on the year was the TAPV program which moved from 2014 to ‘15. And so we’ll start deliveries of those systems in the latter part of this year.
Scott Donnelly: Rob, we - obviously, this is something we kind of look at on a month-to-month basis. At this point, clearly, we - if the order rate did increase and things did get appreciatively stronger, we could make some adjustments that would increase our production rates in the latter part of the year. Still, at this point, but that’s really something we look at on a month-to-month basis based on realized orders. So it’s certainly better as we said, the amount of activity. And the first quarter is never early in the year necessarily a strong time in terms of orders but the reality is a lot of the customer conversations and demos and activity that we saw in the latter part of last year led to good orders. It seems to be continuing into the first part of this year, so we definitely feel good about where it is versus a year ago but we’ll probably delay here in terms of making any commitments to increase any kind of production rates until we see more of those orders actually fall into the backlog.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Rob, I think it’s the fact that this is a very competitive segment of the market and if you’ve got to make calls in terms of your prioritization, it doesn’t surprise me that that’s the one that you would prioritize out.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, that’s a very dynamic thing, right? I mean we’re not - we sort of keep an eye out across all the businesses and look for opportunities that we think are deals that we can do, that we can make highly accretive and bring a lot of value and good leverage into the company. So clearly, if you look back at 2014, the Beechcraft deal was obviously a sizable deal. There’s not a lot of those kind of deals that are out there but that’s one that we looked at and said we think we can acquire that, integrate it and make it be good for the customers and good for our shareholders. And I think that that worked, obviously, in a smaller way in terms of the magnitude of the size of the deals. Over the last couple of years, the technologies of the world and the Sherman + Reilly’s and the acquisitions of our simulator businesses, I think these are deals that have been good deals. And they’re performing at or above our expectations and I think are bringing good value to the overall company. So we’ll kind of keep an eye out on all fronts. And we don’t feel like we’re under any pressure to have to go do any deal. I mean most of our focus on a day-to-day basis with our businesses is very organically focused and around developing new products. But if something comes along that looks like it makes sense, we’ll always take a look.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So, Cai, I think we’ve talked about certification that could happen here in the second quarter where I think we’re still on track for that. The program is going very well. There’ve been no issues, technical or otherwise. The aircraft is flying great. We’re working our way through the test programs. The search schedule seems to be going very well. But getting all the Ts crossed and the Is dotted and when that happens in the quarter, I think at this point, we’d say that means that likely if you get a second quarter cert, you’re probably going to have third quarter deliveries. So if things go really well, could we pull an aircraft or two into the quarter? That’s, I guess, possible. But at this point, our experience on getting through the final cert is - just getting through the paperwork process is not always easy, so we’ll keep working hard. But the program is in great shape. It’s going as we expected and we’re really pleased with it. So in terms of Longitude, that program is ramping up pretty significantly. Teams are actively working. We think we know what the configuration of the aircraft is based on a lot of work with customers and where we are. So you’ll see that really started ramping up in the latter part of last year and through all this year.
Scott Donnelly: I think that we’re prepared to announce it this time. I do think, Cai, that you will see a debut of the Longitude sometime in the not too distant future.
Scott Donnelly: Oh no, it’s a tough question you’re asking. It really does vary model by model. You know what I mean.
Scott Donnelly: We have somewhere - again we had customers that - some would have liked probably a fourth quarter delivery that is moved out in the first part of this year because we did get that sold out point on some of those aircraft. But generally speaking, as I said, look, we’d like to be in that six to nine months. Clearly, that’s not where the business is right now. But some models are - some are fairly strong in the future quarters. And others you still have availability that’s within the quarter. Obviously when you talk about new products like the Latitude, there’s order book on that but that’s dated obviously by getting some certification in the first delivery. So it’s --
Scott Donnelly: I’d still - as I said, I’d love to see every model sitting in that six month or so timeframe. And they’re not. But I think the momentum in that direction certainly has improved over the past six months.
Scott Donnelly: So we’re not putting a specific number out on the Bell commercial units. No, but I would say it would be sort of up modestly from the deliveries in 2014.
Scott Donnelly: No, no, it’s okay. It’s a market that honestly, we don’t really know what has driven a lot of the slowdown. But people have been a little slower to commit capital. But the deals are still being talked about, right. So it’s not like we had back in the business yet days where things really just kind of came to an absolute screeching halt. So we’re certainly disappointed with the rate of order intake and sales in 2014. Opportunities are out there and discussions are happening. And I think there are still deals that are going to be done. And a lot of those I think for whatever reason, just appeared to have been delayed from ‘14. And I certainly don’t think all of them are going to come through. But I think they’ll - our expectation certainly is there will be more activity in ‘15 than we saw in ‘14.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think, Sheila, we think about price next year as probably being very slightly improved from ‘14. Mix will probably be fairly similar. I mean we already shifted in ‘14 to sort of higher ASP, larger aircraft which we saw versus ‘13. In terms of margin, we’re expecting obviously to see good conversion on leverage. Don’t forget we have almost a full first quarter of the Beech acquisition which was not in 2014. So there’s almost a quarter of worth for the Beech acquisition that doesn’t bring with that kind of increased leverage in terms of volume. But to back that out, overall, I think we feel pretty good about where the margins are going. And we’ll probably see mid-20s conversion on the stuff that’s really true; volume growth in 2015 versus ‘14.
Scott Donnelly: Okay. In terms of Bell, I mean we are - we’re still going to see some pressure around a buildup of 505 and 525 as we get into the latter part of the year. So that will pressure somewhat some of our working capital on specifically at Bell. In terms of the bolt-on deal, we had a - it was a UTX business that’s been doing all the interiors for our aircrafts for some time. It’s basically, almost entirely, our shop. I mean it really - they did a little bit of work for Bombardier. But most of the work was for Cessna and we thought we could try better productivity and better integration, frankly, with our manufacturing lines if it was something that we picked up. And it’s nice that they were interested in disposing out. So I think we came to good terms that were good for both companies and it gives us a little more control over what’s the very important part of the customer experience in terms of the interiors of the aircraft. So it’s a relatively small deal. But I think a good deal for us, both financially as well as just making it better integrated with our overall manufacturing operations for our aircraft. In terms of the capital allocation, Sheila, we’re continue to kind of focus on committing as a minimum stock buyback to prevent dilution of employee program and so we’re committed to do that. And as you know, we’ll always keep an eye out for acquisition activity. And from a stock buyback standpoint, if we think there’s optimistic points in time to the course of the year to do additional buybacks, then we’ll certainly do that if we think it makes sense.
Scott Donnelly: So I think if you look at the cost activities, we’ve taken some pretty major restructuring over the last year and a half or so to align the business with where we expect to be particularly driven by the known volume around B22. I think we’re largely there. We’re always going to continue to look at cost and further cost reduction programs. So I think in terms of what we set out to do knowing what was going on with B22, we’re there. Now obviously, we’re going to continue to watch the commercial market. And any further softness or impact or not meeting expectations around commercial would lead us to do more on cost reduction. So I think we’ve demonstrated that we can do what we need to do the structural cost of the business appropriately. And if volume further adjusts, then we’ll further adjust cost.
Scott Donnelly: So the ERP, the impact at this point is probably largely behind us. We did have a headwind, and obviously in 2014, as a result, a lot of the inventory that was built and cost that was inventoried through that process. So at this stage in the game, most of that is largely in line [ph]. The system is working. It continues to improve and I - it was a painful process but I think we ended up in a better place. So at this point, from an accounting standpoint, most of those headwinds associated with that really played itself out through 2014. So that helps us a bit as we head into 2015.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, it did, Joe. And clearly, the cross-reduction activity is working. We did start to see less of a drag, I suppose, of the ERP activity now. We did have somewhat prior deliveries of V-22s than we expect to see on a quarter-by-quarter basis going forward because we still had a little bit left of the original multiyear and then the last deliveries on the multiyear two. In general, I think what you saw was just strong performance by the business largely driven by the cost activities that they’ve taken over the last couple of years.
Scott Donnelly: It’s sort of all of the above, Joe. I mean, obviously the fleet deals can move the needle on these things when you get a quantity buy. But it really is across the board. There’s cases of two or three 412s here, two or three 412s there which are meaningful opportunities for us.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, largely, the reason we had such an outperform on our - versus our guidance this year was that a lot of the synergies that we expected to get in the Beechcraft deal happened. And they happened quicker than we would have had in our plans. So we realized an awful lot of that into this year. So there’s clearly some knock-on benefit of that as we go into 2015. And as we’ve said, there’s other projects and programs this coming year, although, we tend to put the cost and the benefit sort of wash [ph] in 2015. But I think the team just - they beat because they got to the synergy levels, to that run rate faster than what was in the plan.
Scott Donnelly: No, it’s largely driven by the - the original guidance didn’t have the Beechcraft deal in there, so it’s largely driven by Beechcraft incrementals.
Scott Donnelly: I think if you look at the total EAC adjustments in the quarter, and obviously you’ll see the data for the total business, that wasn’t inconsistent really with a typical quarter for us.
Scott Donnelly: So I would say fairly balanced. I mean, obviously the Latitude will give us a little bit of an uptake on the new product front. XLS is not particularly soft. I think that’s a market, if you look at those two aircrafts, you’ve got a significant range difference with a Latitude of 2,700 versus an XLS at around, I want to say, 2,000 to 2,100. I’m just going to go off memory here. And clearly a very different price point. So it’s - cabin size, range, all those things that generally drive differentiation between aircraft, there’s a pretty big spread between an XLS and a Latitude in terms of its performance and cabin size, and as a result, correlation in price. So we really don’t see the Latitude as eating into much of the XLS market segment.
Scott Donnelly: George, we’re - the book to - all the backlog will be reported just as a single number. But to your point, there’s going to be volatility, obviously, from quarter to quarter depending on what’s going on in the market. And we had T-6 orders in the quarter for instance with Mexico which you saw but we also had T-6 sell [ph] in the quarter. So we’re not going to break that number out. It’s just going to be a single backlog number for the aviation segment.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, George, I want to make sure I follow along. When we look at leverage on kind of incremental, which is how we generally look at it, we’ve been kind of sitting on that - it was actually - it was pretty high from Q2 to Q3, it was a little lower from Q3 to Q4. And we always have, again, that volatility, we have more cost around SG&A in Q4 with the NBAAs, and again, a lot of ramp on the R&D side particularly on Longitude, obviously continue flight testing on Latitude. So we kind of look at this on a total year-over-year basis, so if you look at our guidance for next year and you backed out the incrementals of the first quarter of Beechcraft, which is additive, I would say, as opposed to leverage, we still think and we’ve always said that we’re going to probably sit somewhere in that mid-20s of leverage on the volume. And it’s pretty much across the whole product line. It’s not particularly mix-sensitive. Our gross margins are pretty good across the whole line of products. So I think the midpoint of where we are looks at about a 25% leverage on that incremental volume on a year-over-year basis.
Scott Donnelly: So there is still significant international interest. We have conversations ongoing with several customers. There’s starting to be some reasonable RFI and RFPs sort of formal activity of countries that are looking at replacing the exact kinds of aircraft that we anticipated this aircraft would address in terms of the market. So we feel pretty good about that part of the uptake obviously in R&D as we go into 2015 as we’ve had a very successful series of flight test programs through 2014, some good customer demos and sort of debuted the aircraft at Farnborough and Riyadh. We certainly expect that stuff to continue in 2015 and we’ll be at a point now where we expect to be responding formally to some customers’ RFPs. We are proceeding with the manufacturer of the first conforming aircraft so that we’re ready to enter into certification testing. And so that’s why you see a little bit - part of the increase in R&D from an overall company standpoint reflects our commitment to move forward on the program.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I mean our sales force will always tell you it’s always the other guy that’s being irrational. Of course, I mean this is just the nature of selling but yes, we think we’ve seen some top [ph] pricing in some places. But frankly, over the last year or so, I would say there’s been kind of a stabilization. So each of the products that’s out there in the marketplace has kind of achieved a price point and I think that’s been pretty stable over the last year or so. We’d like to see higher, obviously, but it’s a competitive marketplace.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean we saw the first couple of XLSs into China obviously. I do think overall our year in ‘14 was skewed towards the new products like the new Sovereign Plus being out there, the X-Plus being out there and so I think that had clearly some influence to the market. But I would expect XLS Plus - again, the demand we see would - it should be pretty stable.
Scott Donnelly: Our aftermarket businesses are growing around mid single-digits and I would expect that that’s where they’ll continue to be.
