Scott Donnelly: We're sort of almost at a watch here in terms of forfeiture gains and used write-offs. And again, used write-offs were kind of pretty focused on a couple of the older high-time, high-cycle aircraft that we still have in inventory. So we're pretty close to [net watch]. In terms of your question on R&D, that cycle we will see increasing levels of R&D as we work our way through the balance of the year.
Scott Donnelly: At the point we have right now on the light-to-mid size, we're not formally adjusting one way or the other where we are on a thing. As I said in my prepared notes, the market I would say through the first half of the year has trended like we thought in terms of our expectation in orders. We did have a little concern here in the latter part of the quarter as things kind of got rather around a little bit with the (inaudible) thing going on and what not. We saw some people sort of turn the back off. I don't think there are customers that are leaving necessarily, but people are taking a bit of a pause, if you will, to understand what's going on with the recovery. Obviously, we don't know if that's a 30-day issue or a quarter or two. So that's one where we're just going to watch it. And obviously, if we see any kind of significant changes to our plan, we'll adjust production accordingly and obviously we'll have a lot better insight advice on future calls.
Scott Donnelly: I would say that if you kind of walk through each of the segments, Industrial I would expect to stay relatively strong. Historically, you usually see some softening just because of the volume is usually softer in the second half of year than the first half of the year in the automotive industry. Obviously, with Kautex being a big part of that, we would expect to see probably a modest decline through the course of the year, again driven primarily just by auto doing its normal cycle. I think that Bell and Systems are going to continue to perform strongly through the balance of the year. I don't think you're going to see 13% margin rates obviously. The REA helped in the quarter for Bell, and we had some pretty strong deliveries here on some international programs like the SFW in the UAE in the second quarter. But I would expect those businesses will still be strong performers through the whole balance of the year and going forward. Cessna, despite someone certainly around the order front, it's certainly our expectation that we will see incremental improvements as we go through each quarter in terms of our margin rates. So I think that's a reasonable expectation. And Finance, there is no change to our previous guidance. I think we'll end up seeing a loss consistent with what we've guided you through the total year.
Scott Donnelly: You know, we haven't been putting those numbers out. Again, I think those are pretty commercially sensitive. For instance, on Mustang, we are giving you the numbers and the production rate, because we set up the production rate. So that's where we are and there is no issue with doing that. I would say, as I said, the bulk of the orders in the quarter were light to mid-sized, which I think is a positive sign. Right now we think at least in this market environment that the mustang really probably is 70 to 75 units per year kind of a run rate. So that's what we would expect to see, you know orders and what not. That supports that, and you get in the light to mid-size. And we'll see how that plays out through the balance of the year. Positive so far but a little bit of uncertainty just driven by the fact, which you know little bit of a slowdown in business confidence year to quarter generally through the first half.
Scott Donnelly: Well, mostly, you know as we see in the light to mid, you are talking about a fair number of Sovereign's and XLSs. I mean, these are small businesses. Order activity has been probably stronger in the US than anywhere. And one of the things that concerned us, you know, the half obviously is the European currency weakened against the dollar that sort of slowed down Europe as a region. But I would say its generally been small to mid-size business, probably strongest in the US, still some reasonable strength in Latin America and some in Asia.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, absolutely. You are absolutely right. The 300 letter of intent that was out there was unfortunate when this 429 kind of came to the market in a pretty tough spot in terms of the commercial helicopter market. So the conversion rate on that 300 into the current backlog has been very low. On the other hand, I would say over the last quarter or so we have been moving 429s into backlog as configurations have been identified. I would say that I feel probably better about the level of customer activity and the number discussions that are going on and the number of orders that we're starting to create in the 429 that I did from the beginning of the year. So I think we are really starting to feel some pretty strong momentum. And that's really a function of getting these aircraft out there, a lot of demo rides, getting it into service, people starting to get some feedback on how it's performing with the actual aircraft. So I feel probably better about the 429 right now than I have over the past year. So I think we're going to wait through that cycle, but also having aircraft out there and really being able to go out and start marketing and selling hard, it's doing very well. E75, through the balance of 2011, I still feel very good about. We are, I would say, moving and not getting there as quick I'd like this year in terms of getting specific interiors defined and the associated certifications that have to happen with those. So it's always been backend loaded; it's still very backend loaded in terms of 429 shipments. Most of that frankly though, is on us to get the configurations defined and get the certifications completed. So right now, I'm hopeful. We're sitting close to the 25 this year. But then if we don't, obviously I think we go out in the early part of 2011. So I'd say the bottom-line in terms of the 429, it was unfortunate that the thing finally, actually came into production and launched at a pretty difficult time in the cycle. But the demand as we see it right now is strong and increasing, and I feel good about getting up to the production rate, the delivery rate we can talk about.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Jeff. Yes, I mean you're absolutely right. The pressure point that would push us to being low range in terms of our cash expectations would attract working capital at Cessna. So as you know, these are pretty long cycle manufacturing operations. An awful lot of material is already in-house or crafted or underway, and we understand that. As we see how these orders are playing out, we can obviously make adjustments in terms of what aircraft we build out and what aircraft we don't build out. But regardless of that, we'll still have some trapped inventory in there that will put pressure on the cash from a working capital standpoint. And as you know, that's offset by the fact that in the other businesses we're generating high [NOP] than was in the plan and good working capital measure in all through the rest of the businesses. But that would be the pressure point for us is, is that we do need to turn down the rate of production. We certainly will do that, but given the long cycle nature of these things, which is why you have (dug) them in the pipeline anyway, it would create some working capital pressure at Cessna.
Scott Donnelly: Not really, Jeff. We have not on those programs had to go out with a lot of long lead material or something we would take at a risk and then catch up. So having a lot H-1 done is great. And then obviously, the discussion we are talking about on V-22 multi-year, now that's up in 2014. So haven't even begun to expend any kind of cash on that program.
Scott Donnelly: As you know, we have some reserves up on things like ARH. But I don't think those are in a situation where they're going to be settled anytime and in the real near future.
Scott Donnelly: That will continue on that trajectory, Jeff. So there really has been no change at all on the CJ4. We'll probably end up 15 this year which is what we were anticipating.
Scott Donnelly: If that's still the target we have, Steve, and I feel pretty good about it. Obviously, it varies by model. I think when you look at 412s, I feel very good about it. I think the 429s we are going to be pretty close to where we want it to be. There's still some softness for variability a little bit in the 407s and 206s. But as you know, from our perspective and the bulk of the cash is tied up in those larger aircraft. So I think we're in pretty reasonable shape as we head through the balance of the year on the commercial front.
Scott Donnelly: We haven't had that number out there, but I actually think it's a bigger number than that. And again, a lot of this, Steve, we don't put them into the backlog until we have definitized the contract and have all the configurations and all that stuff done. So that creates a bit of a lag. So I think in terms of what I see in the marketplace right now both what's in the hard backlog, what's under negotiation, what we're specifying working with customers on, I feel very good about that 75 number.
Scott Donnelly: Although I would say that we did have strong mix in terms of the growth on the Auto side in the segment where I think we've done all our restructuring and we have gotten strong leverage. I think the answer is that is that sustainable? Yes, it's sustainable. But I do think we will see some degradation in volume for second half of the year. So I mean Auto always goes through bit of the cycle, but we're seeing I think we will continue to expect to see higher margin rates on similar volumes that we've had in the past. I do think we'll continue to see this kind of expansion in terms of the margin rates across that entire cycle.
Frank Connor: And I think it's fair to characterize that our outlook includes any of those miscellaneous types of (earnings) as a matter of course, Jeff.
Frank Connor: Yes. The settlement in terms of the revenue and the [NOP] impact of that REA is in Q2. But the cash won't issue till later this year.
Frank Connor: We got some at Bell. Year-over-year, on a quarter basis, we got some at Cessna as well, in different pieces of the Cessna business.
Frank Conner: I think as we've said, at Cessna, we're not expecting that we're going to get price in the current environment or in the near future environment. So I wouldn't expect to continue to see a lot of price benefit, but just year-over-year on the comparative basis, we get.
Frank Conner: Yes, I know the forfeiture number was fifteen in the first quarter. I think we are about flat on used and first quarter price.
Frank Conner: The Bell margin when back out the REA was about 11%, because there is a revenue impact as well to that REA piece. So on an adjusted basis for the REA, it was 11%. That's at the high end or higher than what we've guided to kind of generally in dollar, we had very good performance during a quarter at Bell.
Frank Conner: The real drive on the second half, we'll probably run a little bit less than 10% of Bell in the second half, and the primary driver there is the ramp in the H-1 which is below average margin.
