Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $397 million, up $37 million from the fourth quarter of 2017 on a $267 million decrease in revenue. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. At Textron Aviation, revenues of $1.6 billion were up 12% from this period last year due to higher volume and mix across the jet and commercial turboprop product lines as well as favorable pricing. Segment profit was $170 million, up from $120 million a year ago due to higher volumes and favorable pricing. Operating margin at this segment was 11%, up 240 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.8 billion, about flat from the end of the third quarter. Looking to Bell, revenues were $827 million, down from $983 million last year, primarily on lower military volume. Segment profit of $108 million was down $6 million, largely on lower military volume, partially offset by favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 13.1%, up 150 basis points from last year. Backlog in this segment was $5.8 billion at the end of the quarter, up $100 million from the end of the third quarter. At Textron Systems, revenues were $345 million, down from $489 million a year ago, reflecting lower TAPV deliveries at Textron Marine & Land Systems and lower Unmanned Systems volume. Segment profit of $37 million was flat with last year's fourth quarter, with lower volume and mix offset by favorable performance. Operating margin at the segment was 10.7%, up 310 basis points from last year. Backlog in the segment was $1.5 billion, up about $300 million from the end of the third quarter. Industrial revenues were $1 billion, down 12%, largely related to the disposition of our Tools & Test product line. Segment profit was $73 million, down $10 million from the fourth quarter last year, largely due to the impact from the disposition. Favorable performance reflecting a positive impact of $17 million related to patent infringement matter was offset by inflation and mix. Operating margin at the segment was 7.2%, about flat with last year. Finance segment revenues increased $3 million and profit increased $3 million. Moving below segment profit. Corporate expenses were $12 million, down $32 million from last year's fourth quarter, largely due to lower stock-based compensation expense. Interest expense was $34 million, a decrease of $4 million compared to last year. With respect to our restructuring plan, we recorded pre-tax charges of $73 million on the special charges line in the quarter. We ended the year with manufacturing debt of $3.1 billion. For the full-year, we repurchased approximately 29 million shares at an overall cost of about $1.8 billion.  Turning now to our 2019 outlook, I'll begin with our segments on slide nine of the earnings call presentation. At Textron Aviation, we're expecting revenues of about $5.5 billion, reflecting higher volumes across our commercial product lines. Segment margin is expected to be approximately 10%, reflecting higher volume and improved performance. Looking to Bell, we expect overall revenues will be flat at about $3.2 billion, reflecting lower military volumes, offset by higher commercial volumes. We’re forecasting a margin of about 12.5%. At Systems, we’re estimating lower 2019 revenues of about $1.4 billion, reflecting lower volumes at Textron Marine & Land Systems and Unmanned Systems. Segment margin is expected to be about 9%. At Industrial, we're expecting segment revenue of about $3.8 billion and a margin of about 7%. At Finance, we’re forecasting segment profit of about $20 million. Turning to slide 10, based on the U.S. planned discount rate of 4.35%, we’re estimating 2019 pension income to be about $10 million versus pension cost of about $33 million last year. Turning to slide 11, R&D is expected to be about $620 million, down from $643 million in 2018. We're estimating CapEx will be about $380 million, up from $369 million last year. Moving below the segment line and looking at like 12, we're projecting about $140 million for corporate expense, a $145 million for interest expense, and a full-year effective tax rate of about 20%. Our outlook assumes an average share count of about 233 million shares as we continue to deploy the majority of our free cash flow toward share repurchase in 2019. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Greg, we can open the line for questions.
Frank Connor: Yes. No, it'll be, kind of -- well, we don't expect a lot of quarter-to-quarter variation except for obviously kind of we do see differences depending on program review. So, there's no kind of significant mix issue associated with quarter-to-quarter, but it all depend on the program review.
Frank Connor: No, I mean, cash flow was kind of in line for '18 with kind of where we expected. We had some puts and takes, obviously. Kind of some of the performance specialized vehicles put a little bit of pressure on cash. But other -- the businesses did really well. We talked about one of the things that has been going on is there is a change in payment terms as we move from Multiyear II to Multiyear III, where we get less cash relative to percentage complete or kind of effort as we go forward. So we are seeing a little bit of drag on cash associated with that. Saw a little bit in '18, see a little bit more of that in '19 that is putting some kind of pressure overall on cash flow. But it's not a working capital issue. It's a timing of payments from the government on military programs. It's creating a little bit of drag.
Frank Connor: I think as -- well, there's about $250 million of revenue kind of from Tools & Test. So that's obviously a pretty meaningful headwind of coming output. As Scott mentioned earlier, kind of at Kautex, we -- based on the IHS data, we expect kind of flattish type of numbers. And as we look at the specialized vehicle business, obviously, we're focused on performance, improved profitability there. We've taken some restructuring actions to actually kind of get out of a few product lines. So that's putting a little bit of headwind on things. And we're just, therefore, planning relatively flattish when you look at all that. But where the focus is on performance of specialized vehicle, without a lot of top line growth.
Frank Connor: Well, again, no, I don't know how to -- we can take it offline to give you a little bit more color on things. But again, we -- we're not looking at a inventory build or a working capital build. There are changes in the pace of the cash receipt for effort completed on the military side. And so that's the big one. It's still pretty good cash conversion, solid cash conversion off of the after-tax earnings that we're looking at. So there is not any kind of a big change in cash relative to after-tax earnings. And then that pressure on it relative to kind of the rate that we saw in '18 does reflect those slower paces of military bids.
Frank Connor: We're seeing pressure on the production side. We are seeing benefit of a larger fleet and kind of flight activity on the support side. So there is some offset to the lower production. It helps things as the fleet continues to grow. But kind of overall, as we transition into Multiyear III, as we talked about, there is pressure on V-22.
Frank Connor: And it has to do with the kind of a amortizations associated with gains and losses in prior years. The pension accounting has an averaging and smoothing effect on those gains and losses. So, we're just kind of rolling off of loss amortization and rolling into a better kind of amortization number. And so it's this smoothing effect associated with kind of all of those calculations. We're basically putting some of the amortization associated with things like the financial crisis behind us.
Frank Connor: So it was flat on a kind of adjusted basis to kind of adjust for the change that we had in the engine program revenues. So kind of flat for the quarter, 4% on a like-for-like for the year.
Frank Connor: Yes, I mean, the pension change kind of falls throughout the operation. So it's obviously kind of baked into the guidance. Some of it gets kind of inventoried, but most of it is P&L. And that's in the various operational performance of the segments.
Frank Connor: Tax rate. So tax rate, no, as we've indicated, there's -- it's probably in the low 20s kind of go-forward basis, not kind of at 20%. So we expect a little bit of benefit for some discrete items in '19. Obviously, we continue to work it for the future. But it wants to be a little higher than that longer term.
Scott Donnelly: No. Peter, we don't give that. We just gave -- I mean obviously the increase of about $0.5 billion in terms of total revenue, but not a breakdown by exact numbers of aircraft.
Scott Donnelly: No, we're really haven't, Ron. I mean, obviously we have -- I mean, I certainly appreciate the volatility going on in the stock markets. But, I would say that the sense we get from most of our customers is the underlying economy is still in good shape. And even if you have a little bit lower growth, there is -- still things are in a good place for their businesses. And I guess, from a pure technical standpoint, to have a book-to-bill that's pretty much right at 1, slightly over 1 in the fourth quarter is a pretty strong sign of continued strong order flows. So, we certainly didn't see it reflect in the actual orders that were taken, and in terms of the sense of customers and activity that's still ongoing, still getting very positive feedback from our sales teams.
Scott Donnelly: I think we're -- the guidance actually is down a little bit from what we achieved this year. And I'd say, the primary driver of that is that when you round out, we'll finish up a lot of the Multiyear II contracts. As you get towards the end of that you have some management reserve and performance that you're able to release. We'll see a little bit less of that in 2019 because we'll be really transitioning at that point into Multiyear III contract in terms of our cost and therefore revenues. But it's still I think quite strong performance, and 12.5% margin rate delivered by those guys is just showing they're running the business really well, even while investing in some important new things, like the V-280s of the world, so.
Scott Donnelly: No, there's not. I mean, I'm sure you guys have seen the sort of press articles and whatnot around the future of light attack. And frankly, we read all these things too. We're not entirely sure where all that's going, but I'm sure we'll see more clearly what's happening here in the coming few months.
Scott Donnelly: I think when you look at the growth, obviously a big chunk of the growth in revenue we'll see year-over-year, Sheila, is tied into the Longitude. The aircraft is in, I think, a very good place. The production line is rolling. We've actually tweaked production up just a touch because obviously, with the NetJets announcement, they'll start taking deliveries in the latter part of next year. Retail demand is also strong. So, obviously, we'll see the first few will have some dilution from our normal margin right here at the beginning of the year. But in terms of the production line and the cost and what we're seeing, we think we're going to have a product that hits the market in terms of performance and cost, and the demand seems strong in the market. So, we're pretty excited about it.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think the actions that we took in the fourth quarter were largely around sort of addressing some of the cost issues, adjusting some of the product portfolio, frankly some of that on the curbside, a couple of product lines that we chose to exit. We just didn't see that that was going to be a long-term profitable business for in some of those particular product lines. So, we exited some of those things. So, between the cost and some of the portfolio and manufacturing footprint rationalization that largely happened in the fourth quarter. We'll see a little of that trickle here into the first quarter, but most of it is behind us. So, I think that the team has a very good plan and is executing quite well in terms of getting our arms around the operational side. Obviously, the other thing, which we've talked about in the past, is something that would be a more difficult thing. Something that takes longer to build out is the distribution and addressing that side of it. This partnership that we announced with Bass Pro and Tracker is obviously something we're very excited about. Building out a distribution and a strong retail channel is quite difficult, so the opportunity to partner with the guy that's the best in the world at that, I think, will be a great thing for the business in that mid- to longer term. So we're obviously, working very closely with them right now on the rollout of product into that channel. So as we look at 2019, I think we're in a -- we're obviously, in a much, much better place than where we were. So I think what the team is focused on, our operations and now growing out the new distribution channel, will be resulting in delivering a good year, I think, and then with good momentum going into 2020 and beyond.
Scott Donnelly: Okay, but I mean it's a process that's sort of a continuous process, right. We don't kind of have a magic date where we decide that. But I guess, I would say that as we've seen the demands continuing to strengthen in 2018, we did make a decision -- again, ex Longitude, to take up some of those rates. So I think whether you're looking at Latitudes, CJ4s, I mean, it's in sort of across the range. Based on that demand, we have been increasing the flow rate in those lines as we worked our way through '18 with, obviously, expectations we'll see some higher deliveries of each of those models in 2019.
Scott Donnelly: Not yet, I would say, Robert. So we -- on the document front, which is really where we are on Longitude and have been for a while, the teams continue to do their work. The good news is that virtually all those documents are delegated to us, so that work is continuing unimpeded by the FAA guys not being in. When we finish all that, which is not too far down the line here, obviously, FAA has to issue that final type certification. And that is something -- I mean, we're obviously, we're not delegated to do that. So I would say in the next month, no, it doesn't have an effect on us. But we will reach a point here where we will need the FAA to issue the type certification.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think we saw some softness on OEMs, generally speaking, around the world in 2018. And we work all of our forecasting off IHS data, so I mean we're not an independent forecaster of the automotive market. And those are the numbers will indicate some softening globally, and those are the numbers that are baked into the guidance that we gave you guys.
Scott Donnelly: I would say the automotive side, we expect sort of flattish. And that's, again, based on IHS data. We do have some new product launches, which is helpful to us to offset some of the overall softness. But net, I would say it's relatively flattish on the automotive side of things. So not sure we would give a whole lot more color to it. I think their margin rates should be fine. Most of the margin improvement, obviously, on a year-over-year basis is driven by much better performance coming out of the specialized vehicles side of the Industrial segment.
Scott Donnelly: No, there aren't big shifts. I mean, we did overspend R&D this year beyond our initial forecast, and also that was aviation really just because of the magnitude of the documentation task on the Longitude side. So obviously, we've had a lot of engineers -- a lot more engineering effort going into that here in the last 6 months than we would ever have expected. But that's obviously behind us and we expensed that as we went through the third and the fourth quarter. And we're expecting to wrap that up here pretty shortly. So that's -- there's no major shifts, I'd say, from business to business. It's just some overspend here. It's been a bigger task than we expected to get through the Longitude cert.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I'd say the snow season has been okay. I mean, it's been spotty in different areas. I think in the mountainside, particularly this year as we've launched this Alpha One. That thing has been a very hot, top-selling snowmobile. So that stuff has moved very, very nicely. There's been other parts of the country where snow has been a little bit slower, so I'd say it's sort of an average year maybe. On the dirt side, because we discussed in the third quarter, there was too much inventory out there. We've been working through that. And -- I mean, it's still there but it's -- but it goes down every week.
Scott Donnelly: No, we did not. We did not transfer title of any aircraft. It just gave the ability for those aircraft to be available to use if needed for pilot training. I mean, we're actually doing a fair bit of that and using our own experimental aircraft to help with that. But it will allow the -- those customers to use the aircraft. And there were also some programs -- international programs and special missions where you had to demonstrate to them sort of a completion of at least the flight testing phase, which we're able to do. So -- but no, we did not transfer any title nor take any revenue recognition on those aircraft.
Scott Donnelly: Oh, absolutely. No, we continue to see price improvement, so it's sort of all of the above, right. I mean, we had some benefits, obviously, to volume. I think the factories and efficiencies and productivity, the team is doing a terrific job of that. And if you look at price improvement again in the quarter, it was consistent with all we've been -- I'm talking about all year. We continue to see price ahead of inflation, and that's also contributing to the higher margin rate.
Scott Donnelly: Like I said, we're only probably going to guide one year at a time here for sure. We're working obviously hard to continue to drive that margin. We certainly see 2019 as getting this thing back up into the double-digit number for the full year. And so, you would expect to see -- and I think you will see incremental margins on a year-over-year basis as we go through each of the quarters and have a total year where we get a nice 100 basis points or more margin expansion for the business. And again, that's driven by having some good volume of good gross margin product coming through, ongoing efficiency and productivity. And we are continuing to drive price. I mean, you will probably see a little bit better volume here in the legacy models, but that's also with a little bit of price benefit as well.
Scott Donnelly: No, George, we did not see that. And I did comment earlier. We saw a book-to-bill at 1 to 1 in the fourth quarter which, for the heaviest delivery quarter of the year, is something that we would not normally expect to see. And I think that just reflects that we're continuing to see good demand in the marketplace. Our sales teams are still feeling good about where things are. There's still an awful lot of customer activity, and it's fairly broadly across the product portfolio. It's Longitude, it's Latitudes, Sovereigns, CJs. I mean, it's a -- I think it's a -- we continue to see a pretty strong market. The use available of any kind of newer aircraft continues to be at extraordinarily low levels. Those aircraft move fairly quickly. It's a healthy market right now.
Scott Donnelly: George, I think there was some lower CapEx spending in pursuit of some of these military programs for providing [red error] aggressive forces. A proposal for the big one has already been submitted. We expect to find out if we're on that IDIQ list sometime in the mid part of the year. And so that's, I mean, that's a business where you need to make the investment in the assets to provide the service. So we're in that today. It's a great business. We performed well, and we've seen some increase in the hours of our existing customers. Team is doing a great job executing on that. But what we were trying to do is, to the extent we can, obviously, is gate the capital expenditures with the revenue-generating opportunity. So we certainly slowed some of that from '18 into '19.
Scott Donnelly: That is the piece, Noah. I mean, if you look at the -- that would -- everything else is sort of bounces around off there. It's really the change in the -- going from sort of these performance-based payments to the way the how are things are done in Multiyear III.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I can address the color, I guess, on the commercial side. We do expect units to be up pretty materially next year. 505 continues to ramp, so we'll see some benefit there in terms of additional 505 units. But as we talked about kind of late last year, we have tweaked the production volumes of most of the other product lines as well. So we expect to see stronger deliveries in 407s, 429s, 412. And we're -- it's -- the magnitude varies across all the pieces of the product line, if you will, Noah. But it's certainly -- the demand environment on the commercial side is -- remains strong and has given us a little bit of tailwind on each of the models. In terms of V-22, I mean, not sure you're looking for revenue because it doesn't -- as you know, it doesn't tie up easily to unit deliveries anymore. So, you kind of...
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure. I'm not sure I can say much more than lower. I mean it is lower. Obviously, the -- if you look at Multiyear III coming on, the annualized delivery rates are lower, and so as you can imagine, the cost incurred under the revenue accounting is also lower. I don't know if we could give out the exact number.
Scott Donnelly: We do. Yes. I mean, David, the way we do this is -- and we've always done this with Latitude, is we basically, as we firm up and commit the tail numbers and firm deposits on those aircraft, we move them into backlog. So it's usually about kind of a rolling 1-year look. And as their first deliveries will be in that Q3, Q4 time frame next year, those -- they firm those units up and deposits, and so they're in the backlog. So we had the NetJets units went into backlog. And we also had obviously, retail units going to the backlog in Q4 as well.
Scott Donnelly: No. Look, David, I expect so, right. I mean, we have -- as Frank said, the revenues are slightly lower forecast in '19. Principally came out less in terms of the TAPV program. The vehicle deliveries out of Slidell are done. So I mean, there is the support and service, but the unit deliveries are essentially behind us, so we'll see lower revenues associated with that program in 2019, which is fine. We have -- we do have some lower volume in the -- particularly on the Shadow Unmanned programs. We have increased volume on the fee-for-service that kind of offsets some of that. But I think if you look out into the 2020 time frame, we will start to see some revenue in 2019 associated with the long-lead procurements on the Ship-to-Shore production program. But we certainly expect to see that program definitized here in the first half of the year, and you'll start to see increased -- pretty significant increase in revenue as we go into 2020 on the Ship-to-Shore program. Then there's a number of other programs, which I think we have a good chance of adding into the backlog for systems as we work our way through 2019.
Scott Donnelly: So Carter, I think if you looked at the -- over the course of the year, we will probably see some dilution to our overall margin rate, and certainly in the first quarter, maybe a little bit into the second quarter. But as we get into sort of the normal line flow in Q3, Q4, we expect Longitude will be a contributor at our sort of standard gross margin, if you will. So it probably has a little bit of a dilution that we're factoring in net from the total year. So you expect probably '20 to see a little bit better than that, because you won't have those initial units. But that is factored in, obviously, to the guidance we're giving you.
Scott Donnelly: So we do. So the whole partnership here, Cai, is that we provide the engineering and manufacturing, and Bass Pro and their Tracker independent dealers provide the distribution channel. So we do talk about it as a partnership. It's not a conventional sort of, hey, we wholesale, and you do retail. We work -- kind of have been working together on the design, the branding, really tailoring this around what Johnny and his team want to take through that channel under the Tracker brand. It's a great relationship. We're sort of a both guys win kind of a deal. They are a great company, got a lot of great people. Nobody knows the retail side of outdoor sports like they do. So it's been something where we bring sort of the technical and manufacturing capability, and they bring the branding and distribution side.
Scott Donnelly: They will do some snow in some of their stores, obviously, in selected regions. And where they do that, they will do that under the Arctic Cat brand. Because the Arctic Cat brand is -- I mean, that obviously, that brand stands for itself in the snow side.
Scott Donnelly: And you'll see the numbers when they come out. We had net price of $14 million, consistent with what we saw in the third quarter actually.
Scott Donnelly: Well, as you know, Cai, we don't usually bake at this thing. But I would say -- the color I would say is that we really overspent a little bit, and it was primarily in aviation, and it was primarily just because of the magnitude of the Longitude cert activity. So there are not big shifts between the businesses. So, I would expect that we would see somewhat lower R&D spending in the aviation business in 2019.
Scott Donnelly: So, both the SkyCourier and the Denali, we're expecting first flights of those aircraft this year. I think, the program is progressing well. I mean, our teams are a little bit stretched here with a lot of our engineering resource being tied up on the Longitude, but they're working hard to get those first flights this year. So I think those programs are in good shape. The Hemisphere, as we talked about, is -- there is work going on, obviously, from our concept design and whatnot as we work with NetJets on the specification of that aircraft. We will not ramp a lot of spending into that until after we're confident that the engine program is in good shape. And we expect that's kind of a -- we will understand where that is exactly as we get kind of more into the midyear time frame.
Scott Donnelly: Boy, you got me. But the state of the thing is that the flight testing program has been done for some time. The last issue that we had that was something we really had to work with FAA was around this -- the fuel system. That was resolved. It was flight tested. It's -- I mean, that's behind us. And we're just doing documentation. It's rather staggering. I think we're -- I know we're getting close. I was down with the team about a week or so ago. But just to give you a sense, we're up to 157,000 pages of certification documents. It is truly mind-boggling. But the vast, vast majority of that is behind us. We got teams that have been working really hard to get the final documents completed. But I mean now, as I said, flight test is done. There is not a -- there's no technical issue. It's just something that we have to finalize these documents and get done.
Scott Donnelly: I think we expect it to not be very different. It should be a nice healthy margin. So I mean, it's certainly structured that way. As I kind of alluded with Cai, this is a win-win for both companies. So both we and the Bass Pro team are equally incentivized to make sure that this is a good, profitable program.
Scott Donnelly: Well, it'll affect our pace a lot. And so I mean, we have no insight into what the [PB-20] looks like at this stage of the game. We're certainly encouraged by the dialogue that we've had and I think the army has had publicly around their desire to accelerate these programs, both Cap Set 1 and Cap Set 3. So we would certainly hope to hear shortly, to start to see that -- those statements turn into some contracted work. As I said earlier, look, we've now exceeded 280 knots. I think our team has done everything we've asked of them to design and build a terrific aircraft. Its maneuverability is understanding. It's been demonstrated. So it's sort of debunked all these notions that to order product can't have the maneuverability of a more conventional aircraft, the speed now going through and then breaking through that 280 knot performance envelope. This thing does everything and more than it was expected to do. So at this point, look, we'll have no choice but to roll back any funding that we put into it, waiting to see what the army is going to do, because we've done what we can do.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think the -- I mean, we have a pretty full plate right now. I mean, obviously, we're thrilled with how the Latitude has gone. We are thrilled with where the Longitude is and how its reception is in the market. Obviously, we feel great about the prospects of Hemisphere. We got the engine thing resolved particularly with the NetJets launch, and again, our belief in what these new products do to drive growth. So, we're certainly prepared to move on, on that. And Denali and the SkyCourier, we think are both going to be home run products. So I mean, we're just -- we're pretty loaded up right now. So, I'm probably not in a position. I mean, we do product planning, look at this stuff all the time. But, there's certainly nothing that we're prepared to announce beyond that right now. I think we're pretty full up with a lot of exciting programs. It will be terrific for the future of the business. 
David Strauss: When you touched on the cash guidance, it looks like 2018 on a cash flow from ops came in a little bit light. I was thinking that has something to do with the delays in the Longitude and maybe some inventory build there. But it looks like you're assuming a still a pretty significant drag from a working capital perspective in ‘19.
David Strauss: Okay. And Scott, on Cessna, I think in '18 you talked about rather than taking production rates up, your kind of tweaking at the margin, getting a couple of extra airplanes off of a couple of different lines. Have you -- did you actually take rates up in ‘18 or are you taking rates up again in '19? I'm talking everything ex Longitude.
David Strauss: And Frank, just a quick follow-up for you. Can you help us mechanically how pension is swinging from an expense item to an income line -- income item. I guess, the discount rate helped you some. But given where I see your asset returns in -- more in ‘18, I'm kind of surprised we saw that big of a swing.
George Shapiro: Yes, good morning. And I apologize if these questions are duplicate because I've had no power here. My cell service is spotty.
George Shapiro: Scott, could you comment on the Aviation through the quarter? I mean, there was some rumors that December slowed. I was wondering if you saw that and how you're seeing things into January as well.
George Shapiro: And then a question maybe for Frank. The Industrial revenue guide for '19 seems a little bit low. I mean, Tools & Test is in a full year that you had -- that you're backing out here. Is that lower Kautex revenues here, assuming even though you said flattish profits, or is it SPV less? If you'd give a little bit more color on that.
Noah Poponak: Frank, I know you spoke to the cash flow a little bit in the prior question. But I was just wondering if it's possible to just sort of bridge the handful of major components in the '19 outlook, growing the EBIT and the earnings, but the cash flow being relatively flat.
Noah Poponak: And then in the Bell revenue, I guess, where is -- if you can tell us where V-22 is in 2019 relative to the reset that's occurring there, just so we can have the right kind of medium-term trajectory going forward? And then on the commercial side, I know you said higher units. Wasn't sure if you could quantify that and just sort of -- maybe a little bit of a state of the market there just given the fuel price volatility.
Noah Poponak: Scott, I'd love to hear your latest thoughts on Cessna product strategy, bigger picture. I mean, you had these launches at the high end of your product set that are going well for you. But it's still competitive out there. There's people that project that you guys may replace some of the stuff in the middle of your product portfolio. But -- and I know over time, you want to invest to grow, but you also probably don't want to just be constantly, perpetually spending to grow. And so I'm just curious what you're thinking your medium- to long-term next steps are.
