Scott Donnelly: Thanks, Eric, and good morning, everyone. We had a solid first quarter. Revenues up Aviation, Industrial and Systems largely offset by lower revenues at Bell, consistent with our expectations. At Aviation in the quarter, we delivered 35 jets, down from 39 last year and 34 commercial turboprops, up from 31 in last year's first quarter. Aviation continued to see solid demand across jet and turboprop products. Backlog grew $136 million and in the first quarter at $6.5 billion. In the quarter, Aviation received an initial award on the U.S. Navy Multi-Engine Training System contract for 10 King Air 260 aircraft and associated support equipment. This contract includes options for up to 64 aircraft with deliveries in 2024 through 2026. Textron Aviation's fleet utilization remained strong in the quarter, contributing to aftermarket revenue growth of 9% as compared to last year's first quarter. Moving to Bell. We announced the appointment of Lisa Atherton as the CEO, succeeding Mitch Snyder, who will retire at the end of April. Lisa returned to Bell in January after more than five years as the President and CEO of Textron Systems. She's done an outstanding job building strong teams at Bell and Textron Systems in her 16 years with the company and certainly confidence for our military customers. I want to thank Mitch for his leadership. During his tenure, he oversaw significant wins at Bell's military business, along with development of new technologies and product innovations. Earlier this month, the FLRAA contract protest was denied and the U.S. Army subsequently canceled the stop-work order allowing work on the contract to proceed. On the commercial side of Bell, we delivered 22 helicopters, down from 25 in last year's first quarter. During the quarter, we saw solid customer activity across all our commercial products and in markets, including order from the Polish National Police for four additional BEL407s, which will expand their fleet to seven aircraft. At Textron Systems, we saw a good margin performance on higher revenues across our programs. During the quarter, Systems Aerosonde Hybrid Quad was among five competing unmanned air systems that were down selected for Increment-2 of the Army's future tactical unmanned aircraft system competition. Also during the quarter, systems delivered craft 105 of the U.S. Navy Ship-to-Shore Connector program, the seventh craft delivered to the Navy. There are now two craft remaining to be delivered under the detailed design and construction contract. Moving to Industrial. We saw higher revenues in the quarter, driven by higher volume, both in Specialized Vehicles and Kautex. Specialized Vehicles, the golf business continues to see strong demand and pricing for its lithium product. At Kautex, we announced the first Pentatonic order from an automotive OEM for a thermoplastic composite underbody battery protection skid plates. Skid plate is part of the company's new Pentatonic battery system product line, supporting battery electric vehicle production. Moving to eAviation. During the quarter, we announced two new U.S. distribution partners on the East Coast to further expand Pipistrel's existing distribution network. Also in the quarter, we finalized the route with Mesa Airlines for 25 Alpha Trainer aircraft and an option for 75 additional aircraft. At [indiscernible] during the quarter, we displayed the Pipistrel's Panthera and Velis Electro aircraft receiving CW customer interest in both models. With that I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Scott Donnelly: Yes. I think so, Sheila, look, I mean, obviously, the pricing is well built into the backlog. I think we are on track in terms of our expectations on costs. So I would continue to expect to see pricing net of inflation as a positive. Demand is still good in the marketplace. I think pricing is stable out there as we look out into the future bookings. So again I think it's a reasonable expectation to think that we're going to continue to see price net of inflation as a positive going forward.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I don't know that I would pin something specifically to Silicon Valley Bank, but when we had a positive greater than one-to-one book-to-bill in the quarter, which is good. We kind of guided to around a one-to-one book-to-bill. I think the lead time that we have right now in aircraft is in a pretty healthy place. And that's kind of what we're targeting. I guess I would say that any time you have financial disruption or adverse events out there in the economy in general, it's certainly easy for people to say, hey, look, let me think about it or wait a little bit. I think the good position we have right now is we have enough backlog out there that even if you have a quarter where you're down below one-to-one, that's not the end of the world. If somebody defers out there for a few months, that's not a problem. That's the beauty you have in the backlog. So unlike previous periods where you had some interruption and you'd see a delay, then that would hit you in terms of revenue and profit in the near term. I think we have sufficient backlog out there that even if you do have something where somebody waits a little bit, then that's fine.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think it's a lot more around utilization, right? So flight hours is more closely correlated with the growth in the aftermarket as opposed to necessarily the fleet numbers. I mean, our fleet is so huge that even adding small numbers in any given quarter doesn't make any real impact. So I think it's primarily driven around utilization and utilization in the fleet remains very high.
Scott Donnelly: Well, so I think what you did see us do is step things up here in the first quarter. We've always said that that's our primary return of capital will be through share repurchase. And to do that opportunistically, we feel we've still been sort of in a good place to be buying. And so we stepped up $377 million in the quarter. Our cash flow in the company continues to be strong. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet, as you guys know. And so I think consistent with what we guided at the beginning of the year, we expect to probably buy back somewhere in that 5% to 6% of the outstanding shares. So the first quarter was indicative of doing that. In terms of that, what's been out there in the media and the press around this intellectual property, verdict. Obviously, we're not going to comment much on that as it goes along through the legal process, but that's not something that we would expect to see cash come in any time in the near future. There's appeal processes, who knows how that's going to play out. So that doesn't factor into our thinking in terms of share repossession at this time.
Scott Donnelly: So the supply chain side, Cai, is largely unchanged. I would say that kind of as we've talked about earlier, I think our labor position is in a much better place than it was. We did bring a lot of resources in the third and fourth quarter last year. Obviously, that does create some disruption, which, as you know, affects some of our conversion here is some of that inefficiency on lines here in the first half of this year. But we're largely staffed at the levels where we want to be. So I would say on that front, things are certainly improved. But we continue to have suppliers have issues that are causing us to do things out of sequence and driving still some inefficiencies in how we operate the plant. So it's -- I'd say it's not getting worse, but it's not necessarily getting better. Sometimes it's frustrating. If you get one kind of resolved and another supplier becomes a problem. And I -- we kind of expected that to be an ongoing issue through most of the balance of this year. So I don't think there's any big surprises there, but it's still a challenge. As far as order, look, our book-to-bill was greater than one. We feel good about that. It's -- we don't break it out down to the individual models or programs, but certainly, we're -- I'd say we're happy with how the demand is going in both jets and turboprops. So I think we're in a pretty good place.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think, again we're going to continue to press on this opportunistically, Cai, and we'll see how it plays out through the balance of the year. But I mean, as you know, it's not really formal guidance. We just kind of indicate to you guys how we're thinking. And there's no change in how we're thinking it continuing to be our primary means of returning value to shareholders.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, it's something to keep an eye on. I'd say that we're kind of roughly to the plan that we thought. I think you're -- we certainly expect to see and have seen softness in some of the short-cycle consumer side of things. But we're seeing strong performance still or, let's say, in some of the industrial and commercial applications. And when we look at our production allocations, for instance, we're certainly pushing some of our capacity and our volume to serve commercial industrial applications more so than on some of the consumer side. So that's one where -- obviously, there's some uncertainty, we keep a close eye on it. But net of all those things, there's enough demand across all of the different markets that we serve to drive that kind of growth. And I think we'll continue to see that through the balance of the year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Dave, I mean, for sure, but it's a couple of aircraft, right? I mean I think it's something is going to pressure us all year long, but we also factored in, in terms of our plans, what we thought we would see in terms of headwinds. So I don't think we're very disconnected from what we indicated in terms of the guide for the year.
Scott Donnelly: Most of the delays we're going to see through the course of the year are supply chain related just getting parts and being able to get things sequenced and through test. We haven't seen any real change in customer behavior that's impacted anything.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, look, I think Frank kind of indicated this as well. We certainly expect revenues to be increasing in Bell through the balance of the year and into next year as the FLRAA program is ramping up. So I think on the revenue growth side, we feel very good about that. Clearly, as we bring in a higher proportion of primarily cost plus development effort that's going to be at lower margins and those production program volumes on V-22 and H-1 that have been going down. So you do have that mix issue. That's kind of where that led us to the guide that we have out there this year and I think that's kind of where we would expect to be as we go forward. So we're going to get this thing back into a growth mode, but it is going to be heavily weighted towards a cost-plus relatively lower margin piece of the business that's going to be offsetting lost revenue that's a higher margin. But I think it's going to stay as a healthy business, but it's certainly not going to be at the margin levels that we've seen in the past number of years.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Look, these are both guys who have, to your point, a lot of deep experience in the aerospace and defense world. Our company has always been sort of in that 30% defense with the growth that we're expecting to see in the systems business with the growth, obviously, we're expected to see in FLRAA and ongoing opportunities in the near future here, I think, of future opportunities in Bell and systems. I felt like it made a lot of sense for us to beef up a little bit more on the A&D side of the company. But these guys are recent retirees, their current. They know acquisition, they know defense and they know aerospace technology. So I think they're two great adds onto the Board. So there's no real super underlying message, but obviously, these are a couple of real high-quality individuals that know our space very well.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think there's two principal pieces of fixed price. One is kind of a program management and operation layer, which I think is low risk. We sort of understand what that is. And then as you guys know, there are several deliverables under this full program. There's the EMD phase, which has about eight aircraft that are part of the development test -- limited user test for the Army. And then there's a craft that are the [indiscernible] first initial production craft and the material that's in there is at fixed price. So -- but it's heavily weighted towards the cost plus.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, George. Look, I think it will abate in the back half of the year. As we talked about, a lot of those efficiencies are things that were experienced in the back half of last year. A lot of that obviously goes through inventory. So that releases with the aircraft deliveries here in the first half of this year. Obviously, that anticipates that performance and disruption will be less in the first half of this year than it was in the last half of last year. And I think more or less so far, we're seeing that. I think our factory is running better. That's largely as I said, attributable to the fact that we've got the resources on board. There's still issues turnovers higher than we would like. There's still more churn than historical. But certainly, the plant is running in a more efficient way. Now supplier issues still pop up, as I said. But net of all that, I think that we will see better lower impacts of those efficiencies in the back half of the year than the first half of the year. So even with that 14%, which again is kind of where we expect it to be. I think for the total year, the overall conversion, which is sort of 24 so percent, which is appropriate for our business is still something we expect to realize for the total year.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Look, obviously, we watch this very carefully. And you see numbers coming out, and they look like big percentages, of course, there are big percentages on very small numbers. So I think when we look at the used available -- when you look at kind of that zero to 10 years old, it's less than -- it's around a couple of tenths of a percent of our fleet. So it's a really, really small number. I mean, we're talking about nine aircraft that we know of right now that are under 10 years old versus our fleet size of over 7,000 aircraft. So look, it's a trend of we see in the marketplace, but remember, these are -- on an absolute basis, these are very small numbers, right? So the available for sale is less than a few percent, and about half of those are 20, 25 plus year old aircraft. So still a very, very positive environment in terms of used aircraft available for sale.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Peter. Look, I think the way the Army has conducted this acquisition, and as you guys know, this goes back a decade, really, right, of both guys going through design, development, producing prototype aircraft, flying them, lots of soldier touch points, Army pilots flying them. As you know, as we went even through the formalities of the formal RFP and during this whole period of time, the proposal valuation, there was ongoing effort under the OTA for the CRR program, which was continuing to reduce risk and finalize design activities and risk reduction even whilst the proposal evaluation was going on. And so I think the good news here is we have a really, really solid technical baseline for the aircraft itself. We have a great team that's in place, ready to go, that is being reassembled here to now go execute the EMD program. Obviously, there's a lot of new stuff here around the mission systems and development of that capability in the MOSA system for the - and ensures the architecture of the mission systems and how they accommodate changes over time. But I think that we have a really, really good technical baseline. The aircraft that we're about to go design and build and fly is very, very close to the aircraft that we've already designed and built and flown. So I think there's a big chunk of a risk that has been very effectively reduced and we're ready to go get at it.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think that we -- as we've always said, we'll -- we keep an eye on things as things come to market or there's opportunities out there. But obviously, our plan is still built around organic growth. Investments in the businesses that we have, which I think we've been making substantial investments and those are paying off for us in terms of what organic growth we're seeing. And at this point, look, I think we do have a very strong balance sheet. We have a lot of cash on hand. We have strong cash generation in the business. We'll continue to execute on our buyback programs. If something came along that we thought made sense that was, frankly, in the A&D space and was something that we knew could be accretive and a better value to our shareholders than just continuing share buyback, we would look at it. But as I said, it would have to be something where it's a clear win and always contrasting that with what's going on with our share buyback program.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Well, Ron, I would say that the FLRAA win on a stand-alone basis is hugely important to our future. I think our guys have done a great job over the past decade in investing and positioning for that. Obviously, as you know, the FLRAA program continues. It's a few years behind the FLRAA program, but one where, again, I think our team has made the right investments. We've got the right people that have developed a product that I think is going to be a home run. As you know, we're all kind of waiting on the engine side to have that thing fly. But again, the Army activity continues in risk reduction and further affinitizing that program. So clearly, I think that's a great opportunity. I think we have a great solution. There are activities, which, again, are publicly out there in terms of the future systems the Navy and the Marine Corps are looking at, which I think a lot of our technology, particularly in the tilt rotor space, will potentially be a great solution and can leverage off a lot of the investment that we've already made on the 280 program. Those were likely to be adaptations. But again, from a technological standpoint, I think we're in a really good place for some of those future opportunities. High-speed VTOL Bell arguably provide a little bit further off, but that's another step I think that leverages, our fundamental core capabilities to go to even higher speed, higher performing, longer range assets. So I think Bell in my view, Ron, I guess I would say I think we have a phenomenal franchise around tilt rotor, and I think we have a lot of opportunities to continue to grow that franchise on a number of different adaptations of that technology into the future. On the system side, okay, that's -- there's a lot of programs in there. I think we've -- the win on the Sentinel program with Northrop is a driver of growth for us going forward as that moves ultimately from EMD into its production phases here in the future. We have some great new wins on the munition side with XM204s and XM250s. Again a great franchise for us for a long time, which is really growing. I mentioned our down-select on FTUAS. Shadow continues to be a good program for us, but the Future Tactical UAS with the Army is certainly a big opportunity. There's a couple of big land vehicle programs, as you know, ARV on the Marine Corps side, OMFV on the Army side. So I mean I don't want to wrap up those stuff, but there's lots of opportunities out there for which we've either won or we've been down selected or I think we're certainly a viable competitor. You're not going to win all these things, but there's enough opportunity, and I think we're in good enough place that we can see a lot of organic growth being driven out of that business as well.
Scott Donnelly: No, we're really not, Ron. We're not in that sort of munition space. I mean there has been some dialogue around some land vehicles, but they're largely EDA things that are in surplus in the army that would come out being refurbished and put over there. There's some talk of different UAS systems. So there's some -- there are -- we've had nothing so far. And there's probably some relatively speaking, smaller opportunities going forward, but it's not going to be a material impact to us.
