Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $339 million, down $7 million from the second quarter of 2018. With segment profit margin of 10.5%, up 120 basis points from a year ago. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues at Textron Aviation of $1.1 billion were down $153 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due to lower commercial turboprop and defense volume and mix. Textron Aviation delivered 46 jets, down from 48 last year and 34 commercial turboprops down from 47 last year. Segment profit was $105 million in the second quarter, up $1 million from a year ago, as favorable performance was offset by the lower volume and mix. Textron Aviation backlog at the end of the second quarter was $1.9 billion. Revenues at Bell of $771 million were down 7% from last year, primarily on lower military volume. Bell delivered 53 commercial helicopters in the quarter, down from 57 last year. Segment profit of $103 million was down $14 million, primarily due to lower military volume. Bell backlog at the end of the second quarter was $6 billion. Revenues at Textron Systems were $308 million, down from $380 million last year, primarily reflecting lower volume at TRU Simulation and Training and Unmanned Systems. Segment profit was up $9 million from last year's second quarter, primarily due an $11 million impact from performance, reflecting an $18 million gain related to the formation of our new training business with Flightsafety International. Moving forward, we will continue to record our portion of the operating profit from the new training business. Textron Systems backlog at the end of the second quarter was $1.4 billion. Industrial revenues of $1 billion decreased $213 million, largely related to the impact from the disposition of our Tools and Test product line and lower volume. Segment profit was down $4 million from the second quarter of 2018, largely due to the impact from the product line disposition and lower volume, partially offset by favorable performance, primarily related to the Specialized Vehicles product line. Finance segment revenues were down $1 million and profit was up $1 million from last year's second quarter. Moving below segment profit, corporate expenses were $24 million and interest expense was $36 million. We also repurchased 3.1 million shares at an overall cost of $159 million. Through the first six months of the year we've repurchased 7 million shares, returning $361 million in cash to shareholders. To wrap up with guidance, we are raising our expected full-year earnings per share from continuing operations to a range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share, up $0.10 from our prior outlook . We are reiterating our outlook for cash flow from continuing operations of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $700 million to $800 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, Kevin, we can open the line for questions.
Frank Connor: Yeah. Sheila, as Scott said with that growth in the second half, we expect to kind of, obviously, sell off and liquidate that inventory that the bulk of that build is at Aviation. It's kind of certainly impacted by the Longitude moving into the second half of the year, but it's also kind of Bell Commercial and other volume that Scott indicated. We are looking to have come through in the second half of the year and feel good about where we're positioned to do that.
Frank Connor: No, nothing significant kind of we've seen some variation in volume in the shops from time to time where we are looking at solid or a strong second half performance there. And kind of continue to be feel good about how we're executing it.
Frank Connor: No, it's largely intact. I'd say that, obviously, we've seen good performance out of Bell so far this year. So kind of reflected in that $0.10 is kind of continuing solid performance on the Bell, that probably kind of give some a little bit of upside to our original margin guidance there. And then, systems has done a nice job as well in kind of executing through the first half. So, kind of -- those are the two places where we're seeing some better performance that are contributing to the $0.10.
Frank Connor: Yeah. So on the price side, Cai, our gross price was $13 million for the quarter and net price was $3 million. So a continued good performance on that front. And, no, I mean, we continue to be positioned to deliver on Longitude once we achieved certification and kind of we feel that we're in the right place to meet the commitments that we have for that. And we, obviously, haven't adjusted the Aviation number kind of in anyway.
Scott Donnelly: So Dave, I can't give you a whole lot of detail on it. I mean, obviously, we've been delivering MAX since Boeing and several 737 MAX customers. I think a lot of that will depend on how all those plays out in terms of the recommendations or requirements that FAA and they also put on airlines around the need for SIM training. It looks at this point to us like it's probably going to be a requirement that allows them to get back and flying in the transition course and then would mandate actual MaxSim training later on. So we've certainly had quite a number of inquiries from customers who are interested in going ahead and getting MaxSims on order. We started to do some long lead ordering already for to support those deliveries next year, but I couldn't give you a firmed up number yet. I think we're still working on that and working with Boeing to understand their strategy on a go forward basis as well. But we really have to kind of wait and, I think, see where the FAA also end up in terms of what their training mandates are.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Carter. So, as you know, we decided to get into that training business several years ago, we felt that was a very important part of sort of the service aftermarket element of our business and we weren't really participating in that. We had a lot of feedback from customers that they would be interested in us participate in that space. And so, as you know, we made a couple of fairly small acquisitions. Obviously, over the last few years, we've invested a fair bit in both IRAD and R&D, as well as CapEx to start to build out that training capability. The business is going very well, great customer feedback. I think the training materials and the techniques that we were deploying were working. The challenge was that, the time frame of how long that would take to build out the number of training centers and number of locations, it was a fairly daunting task and was going to take quite some period of time to do that. We happen to engage in discussions with Flightsafety, whom we had relationship for many years, obviously, in the training side. And so, look, we ought to link together, let's take the technology and a lot of the Tools and the capability that we developed organically and put these businesses together in a joint venture, and basically what that's allowing us to do is, take what we think were the advantages of that business and the positive feedback we are getting from customers and expand it much more rapidly. So this now has the ability to much more quickly accelerate the returns for us, and I think for the customers it sort of taking the best of whole worlds. The combination of what we would invest in organically and the significant footprint that Flightsafety has around the world, so that we could touch more customers in a time frame. It was much shorter than doing this just going training center by training center in terms of us putting more and more capital out there and Flightsafety already have the capital out there. So, as we said, the gain is a function of having invested in that business and having put those assets in the joint venture. You got to look at sort of reevaluating those assets and, obviously, we created a very valuable business. And so that's a good thing. I think more importantly, what we will see going forward is the earnings as a result of our share of that joint venture, which is going to grow much faster than we had, we stayed just on a pure organic path. And you'll see those earnings come through systems as we go forward.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I don't -- we don't break out the numbers and that level of detail, Carter. But I'd say, it's significantly faster in terms of the rate of return. What we would have had if we had played this out on a purely organic basis. Let's say, the difference to having build up that capital infrastructure versus leveraging what Flightsafety already had on the ground, that becomes more of a technology play than a CapEx play.
Scott Donnelly: Sure, Sheila. I think the for us in the quarter really in the first half of the year, the big impacts that will change how the second half plays out here is one around Bell commercial. And we talked last year when you were seeing strong demand on the commercial side, we indicated that we need to turn up our production rates to meet that demand. That takes a little bit longer for the -- from the time you make that decision till the time you have aircraft that are coming off the line. So when we increase the production rates on aircraft like the 407 and the 429s. We didn't have those aircraft available coming off the line until right about now. So I think we'll see a significant impact in increases on the third and the fourth quarter. The demand is there, the orders are there, it's been a matter of getting the production up and delivering at a higher rate and that's where we are now. So you'll see the benefits of that here in the third and fourth quarter. They are already supported by orders that we have, we just needed to meet the demand in terms of the production side. On the Aviation side, obviously, Longitude getting into service. That was a huge part of our growth story on Aviation for the year, and we expect that clearly will be the second half impact here. We continue, frankly, to see good demand on the historical aircraft. Latitudes continue to sell very strongly, we -- again demand a Longitude side is very good, I think across the whole portfolio. Clearly, we had a very strong first quarter. For second quarter, we felt pretty good, things did get a little bit shaken up there right toward the end. And -- but they're mostly customers who would say, look, I want to wait for the markets to settle out, and I'm going to defer this in the second half. So I think our view at the business jet market is still very healthy. And so I think between that and the Longitude coming into service, we will see strong growth in the second half.
Scott Donnelly: No, there's a couple of things there, Peter. First of all, obviously, from an operational performance standpoint, the business is doing much better. Historical businesses where we've had a very strong position and good performance for a long time in golf and ground support equipment and areas like that. Our sales performance is back where it should be, guys are doing very well, the markets are healthy, and again, the teams operational execution is quite strong in the off-road world, we're down in revenue, that's quite conscious, right? We're working very, very hard to make sure that we do a much better job in terms of how we manage those retail channels. Snow is a good example, the position that we took this year as we said, guys, we're only going to pre-sell. When you look at the North American market, which is obviously the vast majority of the market in the snow world, we went out with our program. And so guys were only going to build what we've already sold. So we went around and have deposits from customers, this product line is basically sold out. And so we'll be here through the whole third quarter manufacturing all those units and shipping them out, but unlike in previous years where we'll be putting a lot of inventory out into the field and dependent on how that sold through, and then getting into rebating if it's not selling through. We said, we're just not going to do that. So we're going to do only a presale and that was frankly a very successful program. We saw very strong demand across the product line, but were pre-sold. So on the dirt side, obviously, that's a longer and sort of a little bit of a different selling season as you go through there. But again, we're being very, very cautious about how we manage that channel, how much inventory we allowed to be out into that channel, we did awful lot of hard work on looking at individual dealers and making sure that we have relationships where that relationship is a profitable relationship for both us and the dealer. And as a result, we've dramatically reduced the number of deals that we had out there. Because when we went back and looked at some of them by the time you get through the rebating, it's not a profitable relationship. And so, we've taken the pains of terminating relationships with the vast majority of those folks. Specifically on the Tracker front, obviously, the Bass Pro, Cabela and their independent Marine dealers is terrific channel, extraordinarily well run, very, I would say, delivered around what it does in terms of inventory. So in terms of how they manage is quite consistent with how we want to manage the business going forward. So we've been seeing a lot of activity and load-ins across both stores and independent dealers here over the last six months, that obviously will continue through the balance of the year. We like the trajectory, the momentum is building. So I think when you look year-over-year, Peter, we're much happier with where that business is, both in terms of its -- how it operates every day, how it thinks about managing some of those channels. Some of the issues we had last year would be late with some of the new products. Obviously, that's -- those products did get the market and I think we have a great product lineup. We just have to be a very measured about how we manage the channels and how much inventory we allow to be out there to reduce risk and make sure that we have a good profitable business.
Scott Donnelly: No, Peter, we're still seeing pricing holding. You know, there's always a crazy deal or two and we choose not to participate in those, right? So I think we make a great product, it's fairly priced, got a great service network behind it and there is no reason for us to chase a crazy price deal here and there. So we're maintaining that discipline. And as we've said all along, we will trade volume rather than damaging the price in the industry. So I think that's -- I think the pricing is in a place where it should be, right? And we're going to hold the line and like you'll see here in the quarter, we had price net of inflation up a little bit, which is healthy for the business and that's what we need to continue to do.
Scott Donnelly: Well, George, I would hope that that's the case. I mean, clearly, we had a very strong first quarter on the book-to-bill front. We're still have our backlog numbers net through the first half, above where it was coming into the year. So I think we're not overly concerned by this. As I said, things did slow down in June, given some of the gyrations in the market and talks around tariffs and things like that. But I think most of the discussions that we've had with customers, particularly in the U.S. were, some things would pushed into the second half and those dialogs continue with customers. So I think we're still in a pretty good -- in a pretty good place with that respect. We were light on the turboprops, particularly in the international market. And as you know, George, that's a little bit lumpy. We've seen this before where it kind of goes in fits and starts. So that's a little bit harder market to predict. It generally affects more the turboprops than it does the jet side of the business, but we'll see how it plays out. But certainly my expectations would be that, we would continue to see good order flow through the balance of the year.
Scott Donnelly: Really nobody, Robert, right in our warehouse. I mean if you look at the -- I mean, earlier in the year, obviously announced Praetor. I think that's largely those product lines from that particular competitor have been up against the Latitude and, obviously, on Longitude. I think our products are outstanding performers and we continue to see strong demand on the Latitude front. And look, I think Longitude is in a very good position. I wouldn't expect to see a lot more activity to get through the certification. I mean, there is plenty of customers that are in the process and many of whom I think are just waiting for cert to be done. So, I think from a performance standpoint, we continue to get fabulous feedback from everybody that demo, flies that aircraft. So I think it's a competitive marketplace, I think it's always been one and it will continue to be a competitive marketplace, but I think we're -- we stack up quite well with that. So every transaction has got competitive nature to it, but I think we're winning our fair share and feel pretty good about where we stand.
Scott Donnelly: Well, Cai, I'd say that we always -- I mean, every quarter we have our EAC process and there is always some performance in there. It's certainly less than it was last year. So from a comparable place and then we kind of talked about this. Right? I mean, we've kind of been winding down the multiyear two revenues and ramping up the multiyear three revenues and that is certainly at a lower margin. And again, a lot of the performance and sort of reserves that you keep around multiyear two have largely played through. So on a year-over-year basis, the EACs or the gain associated that are down, but there is still there and I would expect that'll always be there. I mean, we always try to continue to drive productivity and performance improvement and we recognize that we each time we go through an EAC. There is always some puts and takes. But I think the team executes quite well. But anyway, I would say, along the lines of how they're performing, there continue to be strong performance. So even though the EAC numbers might be lower gains in the quarter, we're reflecting it solid operating profit across whole business and I think we'll continue to see that. Next year I would say, look, we've had sort of that 10 to 12 guide out there for some time on Bell. They certainly have been overdriving that here as we worked our way through multiyear two. I wouldn't change my perspective, that's a business that's well run, and we will continue to sit in that 10% to 12% range. There's a fair bit of R&D, as you know, going on, 525 has been a big part of that, V-280 has been a very large part of that. What we will be transitioning into these cape set one and cape set three OTA programs and those cost share associated with those. Our R&D spending needs to stay at a pretty high level to support what we think are some really significant opportunities for the future of Bell. So I think that 10 to 12 range is still how you all think about it.
Scott Donnelly: Well. Seth, I would say that our progression as you know, I mean, this is usually a business that has a back-end load, a lot of that is driven by tax, folks wanted to get their aircraft deliveries done by the end of the year. I don't see any change in that. I think the progression that we normally see, we would expect to see. Arguably, it's going to be a little more accentuated than that, just because we have the Longitude coming in to service. So, yes, there will be more of a pickup in the back half associated with that. In terms of just the normal order flow, again, I think, things appear to be normal. We actually did see customers that had said all are going to wait and see what happens after everything kind of got a little shaken up in the late-May, into June timeframe and to take delivery in the second quarter. But more of them were -- look, I just want to sort of put this aside and think about this as a second half activity. So again, from -- it's hard to our sales teams, those dialogs are ongoing. And so I would expect that we will see most of that come back and turn into third, fourth quarter deals. And in fact, this summer around aircraft that are deliveries that would be out in the next year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, as you know, typically the initial deliveries are going to be at a lower margin. There will be some contribution, but certainly from a margin rate, there is no question in the third quarter they would be dilutive. So, now that being said, I think the performance, you've seen very strong performance of the business here in the first half. So our relative profitability on light revenue is stronger than has been. So it's offsetting against what is very strong performance. So it's still going to be respectable margins, but it will be -- if you just looked at Longitude on a stand-alone basis, it would certainly be dilutive.
Scott Donnelly: So, Pete, I definitely think that -- Well, first of all, ship to shore is moving along well, the first craft is in builders trials, that was a huge milestone. So we're about halfway through that process, we're expecting delivery of the first aircraft here this quarter. The rest of the initial developmental units are moving along well behind that. We do continue to get long lead funding for that next production, lot of aircraft is actually three fiscal years that are in there. We are in negotiation of that process. I would expect here in the third quarter or four quarter, the latest, obviously, we would get that under contract. So -- but the amount of revenue that we'll see this year is largely associated with those long lead materials. We do have some of the initial assembly or initial welding activity going on the first craft, but really you will see the impact of that as it starts to ramp up and generate revenue, where it will be a 2020 story. So, clearly from our perspective, Systems here is sort of bottoming in 2019 and you'll see the growth in 2020, in large part driven by that transition of ship to shore from development program to the production program.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think -- look, I think the Marine Corps is doing a lot of work right now. And then you've see these small levels of activity in prices, where they are just for best soliciting ideas, which I think is a very healthy thing to do. Obviously, we have done a lot of work on the concept of the MUX and how we would approach that program. The Marine Corps, obviously, is well aware of everything that we've -- that we've done there. We have participated in some of these other smaller projects where they're sort of going to industry and say, hey, give us your ideas around different Mission Systems and different concepts of operations. So I think they are sort of in a fact finding mode. Obviously, we have put a lot of information in front of them over the last couple of years. And at this point, I think most of the work that we feel like we need to do in advance of those thing, we've largely done that. And I think here in the next couple of years you will see that thing transition from sort of the solicitation of ideas to help them formulate their final specifications, if you will, around that program and then it will turn into -- hopefully into a funded development program. Obviously, we would participate in that. I think we have a great solution to what they're looking for. But it will ramp over the next couple of years, I think.
Scott Donnelly: It was purely the engine, as we've talked about for the last year or so, we think that the niche -- the area that we intended to fit with that aircraft and obviously had that shared feeling with NetJets as our launch customer was an area that would be a great product and a great price point, performance point to go into the marketplace. But the challenge was, there was really only one engine in development that was suitable to meet that performance point. And as I said in the prepared comments, that engine hasn't yet demonstrated the performance required for the aircraft. So if at some point in the future that engine or whatever is demonstrated that can meet it, we would certainly revisit it. It's just -- I think, just too much time has gone by here and we can't sort of hold this thing in a -- I mean, we can't expect our customers to kind of wait an uncertainty any longer. So there is still potential for it out there, we have to evaluate and understand what's competitive dynamic, what's going on in the marketplace, what's going on with customers to determine at that later time whether that product would make sense or not  We'd be certainly happy to evaluate and look at that, but in the meantime, clearly we need to take our engineering resource and focus on those things that are going to drive our growth in the mid to near term here, which is not just getting Longitude done, but getting SkyCourier and Denali into the Q. And as you know, we're always kind of looking at other concepts and opportunities within our portfolio that need refreshes, updates and things like that, which is what we normally do. So we're simply just going to take all that engineering resource that would have gone into the Hemisphere program and deploy that into our current portfolio of programs.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at the military side of Bell. We have good visibility on H1 production out in the '20, '22 timeframe. There's a number of FMS opportunities that are out there that we're pursuing. As you know, those always take time to get those to closure. V-22 were already running at that lower rate associated with multiyear three. Again there is some FMS opportunity or other things that they could increase that over time. And I think there are certainly some possibilities there. And of course, this has become a very large installed base. So there is a ton of service business associated with this. There's upgrades and enhancement programs which are typical of any large defense platform, which we expect we will continue to see in the future. So I think Bell on the military side, just around V-22 and H1 can sustain and be a nice healthy business. But clearly from a growth standpoint, the opportunities are out there around far around far those V-280, of course, the MUX program which we just talked about, and some other opportunities around tiltrotor is what's going to drive the growth in the future. I think we're very well positioned on several of those programs. Will we win them all? Probably not. But these are, these are very large programs. And so winning one or two of those is what would drive significant growth for Bell on top of the ongoing sustaining of the V-22 and H1 programs.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we've showed you. I think the Systems business should be targeting around 10% margin, we have returned that last year. We're on track to be in that neighborhood this year, obviously, there has been a bit of a drag on -- associated with the fixed-price development on ship to shore, but again, that transitions into a production program. This is a business that we should expect to see a 10% margin business.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think people -- when you look at the combination of you -- Again, we had some market gyrations, but to your point, this happens periodically. Right? I mean, but you have this concern over Mexico tariffs. I mean that -- I think, we had a couple of customers that just flat out. They do a lot of business in Mexico and this is -- was a big problem for them. So that created some of that uncertainty. Look, a lot of people were talking down to. The economy is really going to slow down dramatically. And I think the numbers that actually came out would indicate that's not the case. I mean, unemployment numbers are still quite good. The GDP numbers were actually better than most economists were forecasting. So, is the market on fire? No. But is it healthy and steady? I think that's more of a case of where we are. So customers that are interested in upgrading and buy new aircraft, they didn't go -- say, hey, I'm done. They were -- let me see what happens when things settle down a little bit. So -- and at the timing of it. When we get one of these perturbations in the first month of the quarter that gives you time for customers to kind of understand where they are and get comfortable and move forward. When they happened in the last month of the quarter, it's a little more challenging because they come back to the table, but it's now past the end of the quarter. So I think -- but if that had not happened, we probably would have over driven a few jets, just given the number of things that were in the pipeline, but I think at least our view right now is, those were larger activities that deferred into the third quarter.
Scott Donnelly: So, I think if you look at -- Let me talk to the automotive side first. Clearly volumes around most of the world are down, but frankly the comparisons on Q3, Q4 are going to be easier than Q1 and Q2, because you really saw that slowdown hit in the latter part of last year. So I think our business is performing well. I mean, we're happy with performance and operations and margins and how the guys are doing. But there is no doubt, it is on a lower volume basis but more or less consistent with where we thought it would be. And as I said, the Q3, Q4 comps are certainly easier than what we saw in Q1 and Q2, just given the global automotive slowdown. So, I think we're comfortable with where we are. Again, the team is executing quite well and delivering based on where that end market is. So we continue to be feel good about new programs and new nominations which obviously are growth and opportunities in the future as well. On the off-road side, I'll tell you the Tracker, the way that the -- the inventory and stocking model works in Bass Pro and Cabela and their dealers is a very disciplined process. It's a very healthy process and we feel very good about how that's going, and the way the team there manages that. It's a great partnership. We're pleased with how it's going and very comfortable with just how they do business and how they manage that business. I talk a little bit about the other piece of the channel around snow. We're just -- guys, we have some very, very good deals out there, particularly a lot of our dealers who have a long history with that brand in the snow side. As I said we're being extraordinarily disciplined with how we do that and how we manage that and we'll do that on the dirt side as well, because it is largely those same dealers of guys that are historical snowmobile dealers that are carrying that Arctic Cat brand of dirt. And by the way, they are very complementary channels. The strength of that channel under that Arctic Cat brand tends to be in the northern parts of the US and Canada where the snowmobile country exists. And in most of the rest of the country happens to be where the Bass Pro, Cabela's and their independent Marine dealers are very strong. So it gives us in total, I think a very strong distribution network.
Scott Donnelly: Well, so on the helicopter front, keep in mind that our share in those deepwater rigs, we really don't address that market today. That's part of what the 525 is about for the future, but where our market is and where we've frankly seen strength and very strong workflow here in the last, almost going on a couple of years now is really around the near in stop in oil and gas and frankly a lot of emergency medical services, executive VIP, customs and border patrol. I mean it's a much broader market. Police -- really -- what really drives the 407 and 429 markets is not the oil and gas market. So there is a real contrast right now between the big machines that are large oriented serving that offshore oil and gas market, it's just not a market we've had a very big position or the market that's quite strong is, again, around more of that the light twins, the single, so it's volume around 505, 407, 429 and 412, which is not that deep water offshore oil and gas market.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I'd say it's a lot less dependent, snow is very dependent on the snow season. Again, this is part of why we want to sort of insulate ourselves from that by saying, guys, we're in a pre-sell. So those snowmobiles are going to be built and that will be shipped and they're paid for and that will all happen before there's -- we even get into the snow season. So by design, we were trying to insulate ourselves from that one way or the other. Of course, we look very hard at what's out there in the inventory, the inventory levels of our products frankly ended up at a very low level last year. Well below where we originally targeted and that was because it did seem a relatively in most parts a good snow -- strong snow season. And so our dealers did retail through a lot of product. So I think it puts us in a very healthy position. We have a fairly low level of inventory out there and we've already pre-sold all of our 2020 models that are going out. Dirt is more difficult. I mean, essentially more difficult. I mean it's not as weather-dependent, right? You've got a spring season, a fall season, it's not -- it really doesn't -- isn't driven by particular weather cycle on the dirt side.
Scott Donnelly: No, absolutely no. I mean there were couple of specific transactions with customers that do a lot of business in Mexico and their business is dependent on that. And they got pretty rattled. Now, will they come back? I would expect so. I think that whole issue -- I mean, if you look part of it, Noah, that came out of nowhere, right? I mean, this was a -- more of a diplomatic issue then a tariff -- they thought that the new free trade agreements, had all the dust settled on all that sort of stuff. And so this kind of came as quite a surprise, but of course, now it's also going away. So I think hopeful of those things will come back, but yeah, I think there were very specific transaction that literally stopped because of that. And in a bigger way it contributed just to a level of uncertainty economically and people don't spend big capex items when there is uncertainty.
Scott Donnelly: No, there is always. And I can't predict them all or either, right? I mean, but look we've been playing this sort of over 10 years now. And so, yes, things get curveball get thrown in there of one flavor or the other, whether it's markets or international tensions or currency. I mean, look, this is the nature of the world that we live in. But some things are very specific localized problem some are more broad based. But as I said, I think, you look at where the market was through 2018 and the beginning of '19 still feel very good. I think we still feel like we have a very good list of customers. I do think that the cycle that -- if you want to talk about that way, there was a overhang of a lot of the used aircraft and all these sorts of things is largely behind us and so that gives us a little more stability I think. And then just a general better feeling on the new side where you don't have that big overhang on the used side, which clearly is the case right now. Most used aircraft that are out there are quite older used aircraft. I mean those transact typically at a slower rate. Every indication on the used aircraft market which obviously we're a big participant in that market is that, if you've got newer aircraft that kind of people to do trade in and do buy aircraft, it's still very liquid and there is good demand. You come out there with a good used aircraft, they transact. So it's healthy -- it is healthy. The underlying market is as healthy as has been in a very long time. Does that make it immune to something sort of percolating it like we saw here? No, absolutely not. But I still think in general, we feel good about where it is, the dynamics of, again, used of pricing of new products coming into the market that I think will help drive a lot of our growth. Again, we -- as you know we've taken an approach that says, if the markets are just sort of flattish we need to drive growth by bringing things like a Latitude into the market, by bringing the Longitude into the market, by bringing the Denali and SkyCourier into the market. Those are the things -- that are the investments that we make to try to drive growth in the business even if we have a flattish overall market.
Scott Donnelly: Look, I think you're going to -- you would expect to see a somewhat lower margin in Q3 because of that dilution of the initial Longitude orders going out there. And then you would expect to see stronger Q4 margin. I mean -- but as you all know, we always -- that's sort of -- just the volume and the dynamic of our business is always kind of plays out a little bit like that anyway between Q3 and Q4. Q3 tends to be a lower margin and Q4 largely driven by volume, but there will be probably a little bit of differentiation here based upon that -- the dilution of Longitude. But again, I think the underlying performance of the business, how they're executing, the productivity, the efficiencies that has been driving a pretty significant improvement on a year-over-year basis. I mean, you run like couple of hundred basis points or so better and that will be tough to do in Q3, given the Longitude dilution. But I think we'll -- you'll see continued strong performance from that business.
Scott Donnelly: Well, the biggest for Longitude is probably the -- is certainly the single biggest driver. We build these aircraft. The demand is there. Customers are there. We just got to get the certification done. So we've got plenty of aircraft set up and ready to go. I talked a little bit about Bell. Obviously, we've been ramping that production right up here. So, that's all sitting in working capital right now and you'll see considerably higher volumes here in Q3, Q4 on the commercial side of Bell. And then, I mean, that are smaller numbers but as you look at, for instance, the snow stuff. I mean we've got all that stuff going in working capital right now. We will produce all that stuff and sell that through mostly here in the third quarter. The dirt side, we're always going to have a little bit of some higher inventory carrying there, because we need to be able to run the factory and do nothing but snowmobile third quarter. So we build up enough inventory to make sure that we can satisfy the demand in that channel as well. But again, most of that -- the significant dollars are associated with Longitude's and the Bell ramp, things like the snowmobile going out. I mean, I think, that's why we still feel quite comfortable with our initial guidance range, albeit sure that it is more back-end loaded than we would like.
Scott Donnelly: Well, because we don't have a few hundred million dollars of penalty associated with it. There was -- we do on a much smaller scale do R&D sharing with some of our key suppliers and largely we have had, again, a very small relatively speaking, number that's in there that's been supporting some of the R&D, it is a shared program. So we've had R&D in it, they have R&D in it. My understanding is, they're going to look to continue to work the engine. If they can get that engine to its specifications, it would be a great engine. So I can appreciate that they would continue to make some investment as well. But we don't deal in these massive programs to offset these things. And frankly because -- there is not -- I mean it's size of the market, there is not a volume that anybody would ever investor or put up that kind of a upfront-end loaded payment or obligation.
Scott Donnelly: Well, the decision point was to be to launch it this year. So they are entry the service would have been out probably five years, anyway, before that we go into the market, but it was intended to be an aircraft that go into fleets like NetJets and obviously other retail customers, that had a requirement to do that longer range. Again, I mean, the theory of where we were in that business was, most of the large-cabin manufacturers are going to ultra long-haul and even longer range aircraft and there is still was a demand in a right place at the right price for the right performance capability for an aircraft that was more in that 4,500 nautical mile range. And there really hadn't been a clean sheet new airplane in that space in a long time. And that was what we thought the opportunity was, because the challenge there, you need to have the right engine airplane combination. And so that was always predicated on having that engine there. And as I said, there has been a lot of hard work. There has been a lot of progress frankly that Safeaero team has made it just was not yet able to demonstrate. And we just had a timeline that says guys we need to step back here and commit resources in other places for now and the engine, I guess there then we can revisit that.
