Scott Donnelly: Sheila, I think you know, we had a strong order quarter for sure. I think the Q will come out, you'll see that we had - services was about - aftermarket was about 31%. And when you account for that and you account for used aircraft sale, our book-to-bill actually probably is closer to two, in terms of new equipment. That order activity continues to be strong here as we've gone through the end of the quarter. So I think, you know, the sustainability appears to be quite strong, as we've seen through the course of the year. We have an awful lot of new customers coming into the market, which I think is great. We've got very low used aircraft at all [ph] for sale. I mean, it's sort at record low levels, so people that are coming into the market, there's not a whole lot to be had out there in terms of quality you know, relatively new, used aircraft, and that's driving a lot of strength in the new side. I think from everything we're seeing, it appears to be quite sustainable. The demand is there flying. If you look to that is, is at the highest levels we've seen in a very long time in terms of daily utilization. So I think demand, if you look at sort of the macro level, everything from charter to club to fractional the whole ownership is very strong. It's very US-centric in terms of jet right now, although we're starting to see some pickup in the South American and European markets, particularly on the turboprop side, we're starting to see more activity in South America. As you know, that those international markets tend to be the dominant part of our turboprop market, they haven't been just because they're a little slower. So I think when you look at the demand that we're seeing and then you start thinking about South America and the European markets, starting to come back. And frankly, just corporate. We're - I think we're talking about a lot of high net worth individuals, small businesses, things like that are really driving it so far. And the addition, I think as we go further into the year and start to see more corporate activity will help to make it a sustainable demand environment.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah. It's both. But FARA, frankly, at this point, is the bulk of it, although we're seeing obviously some pickup here on B&P spending, as we are preparing the FLRAA proposal. But this year, the lion share of it is around the FARA [ph] program, he's making great progress. As I said, we're progressing really well in terms of the design and the assembly of the first aircraft for the first flight test activity. But you'll see this composite of higher R&D spending associated principally with those FDL programs through 2022.
Scott Donnelly: I think we're on track for that, Peter. And as we go into the end of the year, obviously, we've been raising our production rates, as we expected, did not only accomplish that this year. But as we kind of gave color around 2022 to get us back to those 2019 levels. So I think that's going well. And obviously, strong demand makes us feel pretty good about continuing to bring those rates up, as we go through this year and into 2022.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, we are, Peter. I think the color on Aviation given the strength of the market, we're probably going to be guiding up a couple of $100 million of revenue is the way to think of it and probably a couple of 100 basis points of better margin.
Scott Donnelly: We don't go into that level of detail, probably, but just it's - I guess our point is that it is - we're seeing growth in a lot of the other pieces of that business and the Afghan issue is holding some of that back. I think the margin performance continues to be strong. And look, I think we're fairly optimistic that we'll redeploy those assets and utilize them in other applications, but that's probably something that will be more of a 2022 impact. It takes a while for that to happen. So I don't think - it's not a horrible story. It's just the reality of the pullback in Afghanistan. And I think we've been conservative in terms of how we manage those assets. The team has done a great job with that. So it's not a bottom line problem right now. And again, I do think a lot of those assets will get redeployed into other opportunities. But it is creating a little bit of a top line headwind. So when you look at systems, I think we're really happy with the performance there. We'll probably see margins a couple of 100 basis points better than what we originally we're guiding you guys, but we're not - we're probably just kind of on track to the revenue line because of some of the pressures on that Afghanistan pull out.
Scott Donnelly: Well, thanks, Peter. Look, these programs will not be structured in a way where you're taking on an EMD program and also committing the full life of production at a fixed price contract. So I get your point. I think the business learned a lot about that. And certainly, we would never put ourselves in a contracting situation where we had that kind of exposure. So look, these could be phenomenal programs. They can be great programs. I think our guys are - technically we're in a good place on some of them. I mean, there's a long way to go, obviously, on things like OMFE [ph] But they are huge opportunities, and it's going to take some time for them to come to fruition. But yeah, certainly, we're not going to look at a contract situation where we have the kind of exposure that we had on TAPV.
Scott Donnelly: Look, on the used, our activities reflect what's going on in the market, right. So I think our used aircraft inventory is quite low. Aircraft have largely sold out of our book. The need for trade in is down dramatically. As you guys know, we do run what we call Market Assist program. So we'll help customers with the resale of their aircraft ideally not even ever putting it onto our book, and we continue to try to do that. And you know, frankly, as the backlog builds and that time, that frame, from someone deciding to buy a new aircraft, they have a much longer window for the remarketing of their aircraft than what we saw when there was a lesser backlog and shorter cycle sale. So I would say that the dynamic of the used aircraft has been reflected in our own used aircraft department, and it's, I would say, all positive.
Scott Donnelly: I don't know if we can give a super big break down numbers. But as I said, it was - it's largely driven by - when we talk about high net worth individuals, these are usually folks that have family businesses, small businesses, private companies, which is the core of our - historically, the core of our customer base. And I think that's where a lot of demand is coming in. As you look at a larger way, particularly with the longitude out there and the latitude, where we have products that have a stronger appeal, we think, to the corporates. Those folks are just starting to come back. And as corporate aviation departments start to fly more, I think we'll see more activity, particularly in those classes of aircraft in that corporate world. But in the meantime, it is that customer base that we've historically seen. You're just seeing new customers of that same demographic, I guess, as you refer to it, you know, that are coming into the market.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, at this point, Ron, we're - we kind of watch opportunities, as we always do. I don't think there's anything pending. We'll certainly let you guys know when that happens. But in the meantime, we continue to allocate the bulk of our cash into stock buyback, and I think we'll continue to do that. As Frank said, we made a couple of debt payments here in the quarter. We don't have any more corporate payments until the 2024 time frame. So I think we have a lot of flexibility around cash. But at this point, our principal allocation of that is towards share buyback.
Scott Donnelly: I'm not sure how much detailed modeling I can go with you on the call. But look, I think we are seeing a little bit of linearity. As you guys know, when we came through the COVID period. Obviously, there was a lot of inventory reductions across the company. We're trying to be more linear in how we do that. I mean, I think Aviation is a good example. We're not having some of the historical where you get this big inventory build through the first couple of year - you know, quarters and most leads off on three and four. We're seeing a little more linearity, a stronger delivery here in Q2. And that's helping to give us a more linear - better manage working capital, I would say. So in terms of the modeling around EPS, you know, that kind of helped a little bit here is think about Aviation being up a couple of $100 million on revenue and a couple of 100 basis points of better margin versus the guide. Systems, a couple $100 million - I'm sorry, a couple of 100 basis points of better margin versus our initial guide. I don't think Bell's - Bell's about where we expect it to be. They're performing well, but they're performing more or less to the guide. And I think Industrial will probably be around in that same area, right. I mean, I would like to thought we had some upside. We probably are going to be a little bit softer just because of the challenges on some of the supply chain. But again, strong performance, certainly on year-over-year revenues margins are up. But it's a little more challenged in terms of capitalizing on some of that end market demand, but the opportunities are there, so.
Scott Donnelly: It's a good question. And I do think that part of the dynamic here is that, as you know, we've gone through a very long period of time where book-to-bill was just - the backlog just wasn't strong enough to support, let's say, a 6 to 9 month order delivery window. There was too much short cycle sale going on, as it's particularly challenging for the factory to do that, to load things the right way, to not have rework when people buy on short cycle and you're reconfiguring and tailoring the aircraft too late in that manufacturing cycle. So there's no doubt that this business - I think this industry is healthier when you've got more like a 6 to 9 month backlog. And it gives you better visibility. It's - I think it's better for the customer in the end in terms of the ability to customize and again the configuration of the aircraft straight. So that's a lot of what we look at. So obviously, we are increasing the volume consistent with what our expectations were for the year. And obviously, you're feeling good about that, you know, increased rate as we go into next year given the backlog. But for sure, we want to be cautious here and not increase volume and get back to a situation where you just got too much short cycle sales going on.
Scott Donnelly: So we are increasing headcount you know, commensurate with the increase in the production volume as we've gone through the year. We started hiring programs probably about a month or so ago to bring folks in to ramp back up again. Obviously, a number of those folks or people that have been laid off and have come back into the company. But we're having to do additional hiring beyond that. And look, it's - I think everybody in the country is having the same challenge with some of the programs that are out there, but those programs should wind down as we get, I think, into that Labor Day time frame. So we are hiring. It is a challenge. I think hiring will get easier as the year goes on, we get off some of these unemployment programs that are frankly, creating huge disincentives for people not to work.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. Sure. Look, there is two steps to this EV world in Kautex. The first, which we're already participating on. And frankly, it's a very good business for us is the move from straight gas to the - a lot of the hybrid vehicles, right. So the fuel systems have some unique technologies for those hybrid applications, and we've done well in that space. And the volume of that, frankly, continues to grow. And it's growing even faster now sort of post-COVID than even it was on pre-COVID. So our participation on those platforms is very good and a good part of our business and growing part of the business. On a pure BEV world, I think that we will see a transition just as we saw, frankly, Kautex became Kautex because you moved from metal gas tanks to plastic or composite gas tanks. And we think the same opportunity is there for battery enclosures. And we're working with a lot of the OEMs right now on opportunities to move from these metal battery and closure systems to a composite closure system. It's lower weight. It's lower cost. So it's very beneficial to the OEM and to the platform, and we're working through qualifications of those technologies as we speak.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, it is. It's up around that number on a year-over-year basis. It's up about double-digit on a sequential basis. So what's happening, Seth, is, as I referenced, the utilization of the aircraft is up as high as we've seen it in a long time. So people are flying, the aircraft are being utilized. And that obviously correlates to service and parts consumption. So we have seen it ramping up nicely, as aircraft have gone back into service, and we do expect it to continue to grow through the balance of the year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look, I think - I guess I would say broadly, Seth, that the A&D space is primarily where we look on the M&A side. I guess I wouldn't talk about any specific technology or obviously a particular opportunity. But that is the space where we tend to be to be looking. So - and from a cash standpoint, look, I think our balance sheet is in very good shape. We'll continue to do share buybacks. And if there was something out there that we needed to do. I think we have plenty of access cash on the balance sheet or financing through debt. So I think from a cash standpoint, we'll continue to do the buyback without being too concerned about our ability if we need to do M&A. But I would say that the - I won't talk specifically around communications, but certainly, the A&D space is where we look.
Scott Donnelly: Well, our - I mean, our fleet sort of activity tends to be centered really around NetJets, obviously, which is very important customer for us, and I mean that's sort of the fleet. Obviously, at the NetJets sales level, that's individual customers buying share. So I - that's the bulk of what we look at on, I think what you would kind of call fleet. I mean, obviously, there's other opportunities out there where we have customers that want to buy numbers of aircraft. You probably saw the announcement around the Caravan deal. Obviously, we've had programs with SkyCourier, for instance, with FedEx, which are large aircraft acquisitions. But I don't think we've seen anything different or unique going on or the difference between fleet or retail and our bias one way or the other. If there's a good fleet opportunity, and that will compete hard for that. But the bulk of our sales, when you look at this you know, the order book and what's going on our individual aircraft sales.
Scott Donnelly: Yeah, George. I would say that if you look at what we're trying to do, and I kind of refer to this earlier. We're trying to get to a much more linear delivery flow. So when you look at, again, considering the demand environment, we're able to flow this thing in a lot smoother fashion. The order book, the backlog supports that so that we don't have this extreme spike when you get into fourth quarter, which has been delivered by or driven historically by later sales in the year. So I think when you look at the order book, what's happening is you're getting a more linear operation, you're getting a lot more backlog, longer lead time on aircraft and that lets us be a lot more linear in terms of our deliveries through the course of the year.
Scott Donnelly: No, George. Look, I think it's always a little bit stronger in the rest of the year, but nowhere near as non-linear as you've seen for the last decade for instance...
Scott Donnelly: We're probably not quite ready to guide next year, but it's certainly you know, as I - we can't give you any filler [ph] or we're trying to aim to get that back into that 2019 range. Is it [indiscernible] few aircraft we'll probably give that guidance in January.
Scott Donnelly: Well, yeah. I mean, you'll see in the Q, Cai, that when you look at Aviation, particular dollar pricing, probably $11 million net of inflation. So again, I think the pricing environment is certainly stronger than it has been, and we'll continue to press on that. I mean, we - there's no doubt we feel like the margins in this business need to be better and volume and productivity and efficiency are all part of it, but prices has to be part of that as well. So - and we don't usually get into any kind of price discussion around Bell, so I don't think we need to do that. But I would suffice to say that we're pleased with the commercial side of the business, the order activity, much like what we've been talking about on the Textron Aviation side of things is strong.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, we did put, obviously, the pressures of increased R&D spending in the FEL programs into our guide. And I think we're pretty comfortable that we're on track to hit that guide even with those R&D pressures.
Scott Donnelly: The lead times of the aircraft make it difficult to have much movement. I mean, you can always do an aircraft or two depending on what that demand looks like. But inside of 6 months, it's pretty hard to adjust that, just given the long cycle nature of particularly some of our supplier components.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, that's correct. Yeah, we would incorporate that production ramp into what would end up being 2022 deliveries for sure.
Scott Donnelly: Well, we don't break out those margins. I mean, but it's - the fact that we're seeing increased demand on the aftermarket side, in general, that tends to be a good margin business for us. And so it's generally a good mix, but I don't think there's a real material change and what that's doing for the business. It's highly dependent on, as you said, we're seeing at least in modern time, record levels of utilization, be a takeoff or landing cycles, average deal utilization, and that's going to continue to drive aftermarket growth, which is certainly good for the overall mix of the margin of the business.
