Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Manufacturing segment profit in the quarter was $195 million, down $59 million from the third quarter of 2012 and a $65 million decrease in manufacturing revenues. Let's look at how each of the segments contributed, starting with Cessna. Revenues at Cessna were down $185 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting lower new jet volume, partially offset by growth in aftermarket revenue. The segment had a loss of $23 million compared to a profit of $30 million in last year's third quarter. At Bell, revenues were up $87 million, primarily due to higher military and commercial volumes. Segment profit decreased $34 million, primarily reflecting unfavorable performance associated with the labor disruption and ERP system integration issues. At Textron Systems, revenues increased $5 million, primarily due to higher volumes in Weapons and Sensor products, partially offset by lower UAS and Marine & Land Systems volumes. Segment profit increased $14 million, reflecting good performance across most of Textron Systems' product lines. Industrial revenues increased $28 million, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and increased volumes at our fuel systems business. Segment profit increased $14 million, primarily due to the improved performance and the higher volume. Moving to Finance. Total Finance receivables ended the quarter down $94 million from the prior quarter. This segment had a profit of $13 million. Nonaccrual accounts ended the quarter at $105 million while 60-day delinquencies ended at $88 million. Moving to corporate items. Corporate expenses were $34 million in the quarter, down $4 million from last year. Interest expense was $25 million, down $6 million from last year, primarily reflecting the retirement of our convertible debt this past May. Moving to cash flow. We generated $269 million in free cash flow, which reflected better working capital performance. To wrap up, as Scott discussed earlier, we are reducing our outlook for the year at Bell and Cessna. On this basis, we are now targeting full year manufacturing cash flow from operations before pension contributions in the range of $200 million to $300 million with pension contributions of about $200 million. And we are adjusting our full year EPS outlook to a range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. That concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we can open the lines for questions.
Frank T. Connor: Sure. We haven't obviously made any decisions about kind of necessarily the '14 plan. But as it relates to performance to date, we've been above our kind of expected return levels, so we're positive to that. Obviously, we need to close out the year, but that is positive. As we look at '14, I think we should get some tailwind on the pension side. We'll get a little bit of a tailwind from just with lower prior-period amortization expense. From a P&L standpoint, that's a $25 million-ish type area when you look at what would flow through the P&L in 2014. And as we sit here right now, the discount rate, if you valued it today, it's probably 75 basis points higher than it was a year ago. And that would give you another $25-ish million P&L-type impact, so as much as kind of $50 million-ish P&L impact based on where we are today.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. Aftermarket was up year-over-year at 25%. 15% of that or 15 percentage points was organic and 10% was due to some of the service center acquisition activity that's taking place.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. On the funding side, again we haven't made any decision yet. We'll kind of see how things close out here. But I would expect that the funding will come down from what we've been doing in the past couple of years. So I think that will be, we think higher discount rates and with good returns, and therefore, a significant reduction in the overall kind of liability relative to the asset pool, I think we'll be looking at pulling our funding activity down as we look at 2014. On the CapEx side for this year, we're in the $510-ish million type area at this point. So we've continued to look hard at the CapEx budgets and are kind of still spending a lot of money to push forward on all the important programs that we have. But we're clamping down a bit on some of the other things.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. We've tended to kind of underspend over the past couple of years, what people have looked a lot to do. And we're doing -- we're kind of in the same type of position this year.
Frank T. Connor: Listen, the other part of that, Myles, is not just the reduction in volume, but the contractual rates that we're going to be able to earn on those contracts are different. So at the end of the day, you can't make up all that margin out of cost savings.
Frank T. Connor: So I think [indiscernible] in Scott's comments. We're seeing a lot of good development of demand around the globe outside the United States, like Russia and China, the Middle East.
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think it will, Peter. I mean, obviously, we had some concerns in the early part of the shutdown just because the FAA and the government inspectors are pretty important. Frankly, on the military side, the DCMA did provide inspectors an on-site support for the Bell folks even when the shutdown was going on. And now that the thing is over, any concerns we would've had around FAA and certification has pretty well been alleviated. So I would say no impact.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, that's correct. Those have been resolved. And the M2 and Sovereign and Citation X test flights and [indiscernible] have been progressing very well.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, as we've talked about sort of coming into -- after the first quarter, Peter, we stopped doing a lot of the very deep discounting that, I think, was helping to create some demand in the marketplace. As we went through the second quarter, obviously, we saw the impacts of that in significantly reduced deliveries. We pretty well held those prices, both sequentially and year-over-year in terms of third quarter, so we're keeping the pricing around where we expected it to be. And I think, as a result, we're just seeing what's the normal market out there as opposed to dragging people into it that aren't ready to do upgrades or trade-in activity. And so that's reflecting in lower volume, which again, I think, for the long term is healthy for the market. We've got to let this cycle play through. Certainly, as we went through the third quarter, we continued to see a fairly active used market, a lot of transactions that are happening over there. I mean, in our case, we certainly sold more aircraft than we took in trades, and we continue to see the number of used aircraft available for sale, particularly in those relatively newer aircraft, continue to bleed down. So I think at this stage of the game, we're not happy with where we are in the cycle, but we're letting the cycle play through.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I don't think there's any question. When you look at the M2 and the new X, had a very nice receptivity. And again, we're not competing against relatively new used aircraft. The Sovereign, obviously, we've been out there now doing demo flights over the last few months and have started to book orders on that. And we still have orders to go here for the fourth quarter. But yes, I think there's no question that new product does matter in the market and does help to create demand and stimulate people to do upgrades and trade-ins.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we continue to book orders for sales that will be either fourth quarter or going forward. Obviously, we started to see some Sovereign orders come into the backlog and had no sales in that area. We continue to see some sales activity around M2s and Latitude. So in general, Robert, I'd say it's just kind of a -- sales activity has gotten better. Certainly, it got a little bit better in the September timeframe. And as a result, again a part of it unfortunately is fairly low deliveries in the third quarter, generated some positive book-to-bill.
Scott C. Donnelly: So pricing on new aircraft was pretty stable, not a lot of change there from where we were in the second quarter. There does continue to be softness in the used market in terms of pricing. So I think if you look at BRF and blue book, we continue to see downward motion. So that did result in several million dollars of residual write-down of used aircraft beyond what we saw, let's say, in the second quarter. So I'd say there's still softness, a lot of activity and quite a lot of transactions but still softness in the pricing in the used market, but I would say stability in terms of pricing in the new market.
Scott C. Donnelly: As we look across those business segments, Robert, so first of all, the precision munitions business is virtually entirely driven by international sales. So there's really nothing going on there from a sequester standpoint. The same is largely true in our Marine & Land Systems business. Most of the sales, particularly in the vehicle side of the business, international at this point, we do have the Ship-to-Shore Connector program, which is a U.S. government program. Although at this point, that's in the development phase, so it's not a lot of money. The business which is most subject to annual budgets and U.S. budgets really is in our UAS business, although we haven't seen really an impact at this point of sequestration. And we do have some intelligence in the software businesses, where we have seen some reductions in the number of licenses and things like that. But at this point, Robert, we certainly have not seen anything material from, that I would say, directly from a sequestration impact.
Scott C. Donnelly: So on the firsthand, with respect to V-22, the multiyear -- and I know there's been a couple of people with questions, so I think a couple of aircraft moved in terms of which year they're delivered. And there's nothing particularly special going on there. It's just when the contract was definitized, the number of deliveries per year moved a little bit from what was originally discussed. But the multiyear contract made pushing aircraft between years. But it still is unchanged with respect to the 99-plus, so far one of the options which has been exercised. So there's no material change in terms of the multiyear, too. With respect to Beechcraft, look, we see the things in the paper. I know there's a lot of rumors and whatnot banging around. Look, our view of Beechcraft is the same as we've discussed in the past. There's certainly interest that we would have in some of those assets in terms of the status of what's going on. And all the rumors in the articles, I guess, at this point, I wouldn't comment on any of that.
Scott C. Donnelly: We can certainly do that. I'm not sure I would do it on the call. But I mean, we -- again, it's a contract, it's a program record. And if there's any confusion out there as to how many aircraft in which years, we can certainly put something out that clarifies that.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, it's a tricky question because obviously it depends a lot on the mix. What I can tell you is that the way we see it right now is given where the market has been, the amount of activity that's out there right now, we feel that about the midpoint of where we're guiding to you guys would basically reflect sort of a breakeven year for Cessna.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so the issue for us, of course, is that obviously you saw some of the margin impact in this quarter as a result of higher cost. But at the same time, obviously we're a relatively long-cycle manufacturing business. And so there's a fair bit of product that is work in progress, which is then executed at that higher cost with those inefficiencies. And so that will turn into revenue here as we go forward, which is why we said we would not expect a lot of change in terms of margin rate going through the fourth quarter. I don't think we want to get into 2014 guidance at this point. But needless to say, we're going to be pressured in terms of the margins as we go through the balance of this year and in the beginning of next year as that higher-cost, less-efficient production works its way through into revenue, which will happen over the course of the next year. So the margin rates, I think if you look at it year-to-date, where we are on Bell is at around probably an aggregate of about 12.5%. And that's probably a number that we would expect to see through the balance of this year.
Scott C. Donnelly: Jason, it's very difficult because these things are sort of compounding problems, right, when you're going through one of these big IT implementation systems. We've run into a number of issues in the implementation and just sort of working our way through those challenges. And when you do that, you need to do a certain amount of sort of brute force to try to keep things going. And unfortunately, what we ran into was, at the same time, we needed to have kind of that brute force to work our way through it. We went through a labor disruption. So it'd be very, very difficult to say how many dollars is attributable to one versus the other. I think the thing we're focused on at this point is at least we have the labor issue behind us. And now we have the human resources and our ability to get our hourly workforce focused on delivering output and the management team focused on resolving those issues that we still have outstanding on the integration of the ERP system, whereas up until now, frankly, our management team and salaried teams were working most of their day jobs during the day and were working a lot of overtime and weekends to try to help make sure we got deliveries completed for customers because we didn't have the ability to get our hourly team in there doing the production work. So hard to tease out exactly. And really the impact here is, I think, we can kind of handle one or the other. The fact that we had them both at the same time was a pretty serious blow.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, our demand actually has been up. So as a result, we've actually been building some backlog in terms of spares. So just to be clear, we kind of went through -- again, this is sort of a -- I hate to make this messy, but we had sort of a 2-step a process here, okay? The initial problems we talked about with respect to spares in the early part of the year when we first turned on our new system really had to do with our inability to ship. And when I say that, I mean that the IT system in terms of generating demand, people knowing what parts to go in and get off the shelf and put it in a box and ship it to our customers, we had a lot of those sorts of issues when we first started our new IT system. Those have largely been resolved. So the issues we have now in terms of building backlog is these are parts that we need to be manufacturing. And so the slowdowns and the inability to get enough hours into the factory to actually build the parts has what's been now slowing down our deliveries. So it's purely a matter now of working the stuff through and getting the volume out of the factories. It is not in any way, shape or form demand-related. We've actually been building backlogs. So there are demand for those parts, we've just got to get them through the factory.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. And I think we were about $11 million. If you look at forfeiture deposit and used aircraft valuation, that was about minus $11 million.
Scott C. Donnelly: I'd say it's predominantly related to our view on the number of Cessna deliveries we'll have. So we'll have more finished goods inventory at Cessna than we would have originally expected.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Noah, certainly we are watching the number of used aircraft available for sale. That's, I think, one of the key, if not the most significant indicator at this point. And I think there's 2 reasons for that. Obviously, one, as we look at new aircraft that we're introducing for which there are either none or virtually no used aircraft that are like that kind of a product, we see a pretty strong uptake of the product. In the cases where we're still selling a product, where there's a significant competition out there in terms of relatively new used aircraft, we still see sluggish behavior in that marketplace. And so I think we watch that number pretty carefully. And certainly, there's some volatility as you see aircraft kind of coming in and going out of the market. But in general, we continue to see the number of used available-for-sale, particularly in that less than 5-year category, continuing to drop. Now the pace of that is not as fast as we like, but it does continue to go down.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, look, Noah, I hope it's a combination of both of those things. I mean, let me just give you anecdotally, if you look at something like a CJ4, okay, which has been out there in the market for a while, and certainly as you came out of '08, in the '09, '10, '11, you had a fair number of used aircraft available for sale that were CJ4s. We came into this year with around 9 of those that were out there on the market. And I think you saw CJ4 sales were pretty tough in the first couple of quarters. And we got down at the end of this quarter, we're sitting there where we know of 1 used CJ4 out there that's less than 5 years old and we see 8 sales of new CJ4s. So I mean, there's certainly a correlation of activity between what's out there that we're competing with in the used market versus what we can sell on the new. So I do think that that trend in terms of our volume, we certainly have expectation that will continue to pick up as you see these used aircraft go away. On the other hand, certainly not by design, we're working off a very low base. So yes, at some point, the absorption of those used aircraft is going to turn into demand for new aircraft. And again, on the new models, if you'll again choose a perfect example, right, that we don't have M2s out there in the market. There are no used M2s available because it's a brand-new product. And as a result, we've seen very strong uptake in terms of order generation. So I think part of it is absolutely, look, we are working off a very low base. And if you go back and you look at historical cycles and sort of average out how many aircraft should go into the market, we're on the way low side of that right now, just given where we are in the cycle. And so we would expect sort of it has to go up, right? But again, I think the -- we've been thinking that for a while, Noah. I mean, let's be honest. It's gone down lower than we would have ever imagined it to go down in terms of number of new aircraft being sold into the market. And I don't just mean Citation. I mean, you look at the whole market, right? I mean, the number of new aircraft in light to mid from anybody is, all total, is a very small number. So I think that it would tell you that eventually the cycle has to move in the other direction. And of course, I think the new product will help that.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I would expect it to be fairly smooth, Noah. It's going to be accomplished in several phases, right? So to start with, we've been able to bring in already some of the manufacturing, where we were experiencing pretty significant quality issues. But in that case, I mean, in large part, we are manufacturing to the same sort of design criteria. And I think there are opportunities beyond just manufacturing at higher quality but also putting some design improvement into this product to make it a more robust product. And so that will happen here over the next 6 to 12 months as we go forward. So the cost side of this thing, Noah, is not something I worry. I mean, obviously, we're spending some money to do that. But that's not the big issue here. I mean, the issue for us has just been when you lose -- when one of these engines fails, you lose an aircraft. And so the cost of loss of that aircraft, which is both airframes and sensors and navigation systems, that cost is quite significant compared to the trivial amount of cost of actually manufacturing this engine. So that's what's unfortunate with this thing. I mean, we have a system out there that's a very complicated system. It involves control systems and launchers and obviously airframes and communication systems and navigation systems, all of which are working fabulously, but the weak point in the system is this engine. So it's not costing us a lot. We couldn't spend too much right now to make that engine work.
Scott C. Donnelly: Look, Ron, you do some things we've been trying to do over the last few years. You continue to focus on both the cost of your current operations to try to get enough productivity to improve as much as you can. You try to make sure that you're investing in the thing so that when the cycle does turn, you're in as good a position as you can be in to do that. So I think if you look at Cessna today, there's no question, we've been in a very, very deep down cycle. But as you know -- and again, I don't know either. Is it 6 months? Is it 2 years? That's sort of the unknowable. But the cycle will come back around and you've got to make sure that you're positioned to capitalize on that. When we've seen up cycles in this business, we've been able to capitalize and take advantage of that. But you don't do that if you don't have competitive product and you don't have the right service network, you don't have the right sales force out there. So I think that's what we'll continue to focus on. If you look at where we are today, obviously we've spent a lot of R&D dollars, but we're on the cusp here of having the new M2, having the Sovereign, having the new X. So I think over time, those investments will have proven to be the right things to do. As you look into 2015, you're going to have the Latitude coming in. I think that's the right thing to do. That program is coming along very well. It's a significant change in our product portfolio at Cessna, and I think one that would be very, very attractive to a lot of our customers out there that want to upgrade from current product into our wider-body aircraft. So we -- I don't know, Ron, if there's really anything you would do different. If you mothball the business, if you don't invest in having the right products, you're not going to be able to capitalize on this market when it does turn. So calling it is virtually impossible, but I think that we have to continue to do that. I'd say the same thing is true at Bell. We know we have enjoyed a great ramp on V-22. We know where the production volumes of V-22 are going. But we also know that we have the ability to grow that business through the commercial side. We've been successful doing that over the last couple of years through some product upgrades, through better focus in terms of how we go to market in the commercial world. But we also know we need new product, and so the investments in the 525, the investments in the XLS, clearly longer-term investment on the military on the V-280. All we can do is make sure that we're making the right investments and that we're ready to serve that market as it turns at Cessna and that we're ready to expand the portfolio and continue to gain share in the commercial market at Bell.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, certainly, across all the businesses, we look at things that we can do that are complementary to those businesses to try to give us some more markets and give us some abilities to grow beyond just that quarter that we're in today. But now look, as we talked about before, we're not going to stray very far from these things. We need to do things that are the same customers in the same markets and the places that we understand and feel comfortable from an M&A standpoint. In terms of the current businesses, I mean, if you look at Cessna, Ron, I mean, look, if we knew we were 2 years from seeing a market rebound, it'd be wonderful if you had some concept of a way that you could just sort of mothball a business. I don't think there's any precedent for doing that. I mean, this is a very highly technical business. You need to have a great engineering team, you need to have a great sales force and you can continue obviously to service the customers that we have out there today. So it would be great if you can go into sort of a state of suspended animation. I don't think you can do that. I think you hunker down as much as you can on cost and productivity. But I think you've got to continue to make sure that you're doing the right things in terms of new product because that's what you're going to be rewarded for when the market does turn. You don't make those investments, then you're not going to have the upside when it does go.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Scorpion is a good example of some of the things we're trying to do, Ron. I mean, and obviously, we haven't talked much about that. We kept the thing pretty well a secret for almost 2 years. But as we look at what kind of technical skills we have, what we think is going on in market dynamics and where growth opportunities are in something that's pretty close to home, namely, fixed wing aviation, our perspective was that there is going to be a need out there in the market for a military aircraft that is something that has a better performance envelope, more capability than a turboprop but not something that has the price point and the sophistication and both the acquisition cost and the maintenance and operating cost of something like an F-35. And so if you look at historically, the U.S. has had a family, a range of military product -- the industry, frankly, has usually had a range of military product that span all these various price points and capability points. And the trend seems like it's been for the last 20 years or so to only invest in very, very high-performance, very high-end fighter/attack aircraft. And look, these are amazing machines. An F-35 can do amazing things and F-22 and so on and so forth. But we see a very large customer base out there in both the U.S., as well as a lot of international opportunities that will never be able to afford aircraft at those price points, and yet need a capability and need to replace aircraft here in the coming years that historically have been more affordable to acquire and operate. And so we decided this was something that was an investment worth making. And so I think we positioned ourselves now where we can enter a segment where we have not participated in many, many, many years because we see a gap capability in the industry. And so, so far, I'm not talking too much about the program yet. I mean, we're making very good progress towards first flight. And just last week, we were able to run full engine power and verify inlet designs and airflows. So I mean, we're getting very close to starting taxi and flight tests. We've had a lot of interest from the international community, as well as within the U.S. about the aircraft. And so it's still obviously in its very early days, but we think it represents significant growth opportunity for the company. We're not talking too much about it yet because it's not quantifiable yet, right? But we're working on it.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, Ron, I think within the defense community, if you look on a purely defense basis, we've been trained over the years that the way this works is that you have a customer who comes out with a requirement, and then you bid to that requirement and you design and develop to that requirement. That can take a very long time. It's a very, very complex process, a very expensive process. And in this case, we felt there's -- this was really thought of more along commercial lines. In other words, when you look at our commercial businesses, we think about market opportunities, we talk to lots of different customers, and then we derive a requirement and we go design and build to that requirement. And then we look to go market that capability to many different customers. So our view, again, seeing what we think is a market opportunity, the whole genesis of this thing was derived more like you would think about the way the process we use for a commercial product, talking to lots of different customers, looking at the whole competitive dynamic and the marketplace needs and deriving and designing and building to our own requirement. So it's a military application that has been derived through a more commercial process, and as a result, moving more at commercial speeds and at commercial costs. So it is different. But I think what we're trying to do here is say, "Look, we understand military, we understand how you market and sell to the defense -- to the DoDs around the world, but we're able to leverage and utilize more of a commercial practice in terms of market identification, design and build, which we think is kind of a unique capability because we understand military, but we understand commercial."
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. Cai, R&D was up. As you can imagine, we're sort of in the -- we're sort of at a point right now with both the M2 and the Sovereign and the new Citation X all in the certification process and a lot of work going on, on the Latitude program. As I said, we've got first wing mate, so there's a lot of work going on getting that aircraft prepped and ready to go into flight tests starting next year. So R&D was certainly up in the quarter. And I would expect that we'll continue to see a lot of R&D spending through the fourth quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, Cai, we haven't historically done this on a by-business basis. I guess, all I would say is the R&D spending is on track and consistent with what we guided for the year. And the total number we gave you guys, we spend about 3/4 of that. So I'd say I mean, yes, it was up, but in line with what we had guided in terms of R&D spending across the company.
Scott C. Donnelly: It stays -- both orders and deliveries in the quarter, Cai, were about 2/3 domestic and about 1/3 international. And if you look at deliveries, it was 2/3, 1/3. And that 1/3 was pretty evenly spread between Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes. I still think, as we've kind of always talked, Cai, I think incremental margins at Cessna should be around 25%. Now when we go quarter-to-quarter, we had some quarters where it's been more or less than that, up or down. And frankly, that's largely an artifact of the numbers are pretty small. And so if you get a few million dollars of aircraft valuation change or you get a few million dollars of a LIFO or whatever adjustment, it's going to swing around a little bit. But yes, 25% incremental conversion is about right.
Scott C. Donnelly: It would have to be good. Cai, I just don't think -- I mean, it's -- given the nature of where all this stuff is, I just don't think we'd want to comment. We certainly wouldn't going into any kind of commentary. It just wouldn't be appropriate because they're rumors.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, George, I think your math is absolutely correct. And this was referring to -- when we're talking about these spreads of $8 million, a few million dollars of used aircraft valuation, some numbers, a small number of millions dollars of R&D being up, you look at the fact that we only had a small -- the 4 XLSs, which is some amount of mix that's in there. These small numbers, you can take 3 or 4 factors and pretty quickly get to $8 million.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, I mean, we can only hope, right? If you look at the quarter, I mean, I can tell you that July and August were -- which are typically slow, were very, very slow this year. September was certainly considerably better. We just -- it'd be too early to comment at this point to know whether that's going to continue through the fourth quarter or not. So certainly, that -- the number on an absolute basis is encouraging. The dynamic of the fact that it was virtually all the month of September is encouraging. But whether that's the beginning of anything or how that plays out through the fourth quarter obviously remains to be seen.
Scott C. Donnelly: Right. It's going to be in that range, George. We would expect another pretty significant growth in Q4.
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think that you should expect to see very much in terms of the change. In other words, if you looked at the margin rates of Sovereigns versus new Sovereigns or you look at the margin rates of M2 versus sort of CJ or the Mustang class, there's not a big discrepancies in there. So I think we'll continue to see a fairly similar margin rate, depending on the kind of mix of the size of aircraft you're talking about.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, we'll -- again, we don't want to do any long-term guiding here. But certainly, we have a lot more visibility at Bell today and very good visibility obviously with respect to V-22. And so in terms of cost actions, I mean, these have already started. We've already done several pretty significant reductions at Bell. And clearly, there will be more to come as that volume works its way through the factory. We know exactly what we need to do in terms of the V-22 volumes, and we'll be making adjustments accordingly.
Scott C. Donnelly: Deliveries, number of aircraft? We haven't been providing any sort of guidance on particular models, so I don't think we probably want to go there.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the only thing I have to say is, I mean, you certainly would expect to see more of the mediums in Q4 because we're at least back shipping Sovereigns again. We were absent in the second and third quarter. But that's really only the color, I guess, I would provide on that is that...
Scott C. Donnelly: Oil and gas has still been strong. A lot of foreign military customers are still in there, a lot of police, emergency medical services. It really has been reasonably across the board.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, certainly, Xs, right, because we had originally been manufacturing, expecting to get cert by late this year. Those have all moved into 2014. Beyond that, I guess I wouldn't provide any guidance. I mean, it will depend on obviously how this quarter plays out and what orders and sales conversion looks like.
