Frank Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $196 million, up $35 million from the second quarter of 2010.  Let's look at how each of the segments contributed to this improvement starting with Cessna. At Cessna, revenues were up $17 million on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to growth in our aftermarket business. Jet deliveries of 38 units were down from 43 in last year's second quarter. We posted an operating profit of $5 million which compared to $3 million last year. The improvement reflected profit on higher aftermarket sales, partially offset by higher engineering and development costs. At Bell, revenues were up $49 million on higher deliveries. Segment profit increased $12 million reflecting improved performance on the higher volume. At Textron Systems, revenue was down $82 million reflecting the lower UAS and mission support volume in the quarter. Segment profit was down $21 million on the lower revenues. At Industrial, revenues were up $58 million, primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange as volumes were essentially flat, as Scott mentioned. We generated an increase in segment profit of $4 million on the higher revenues. Finance segment revenues were down $23 million, reflecting our ongoing liquidation activities. Our operating loss improvement of $38 million reflected lower loan loss provisions and lower operating expenses, partially offset by lower interest margin on the reduced portfolio of finance receivables. Looking at Slide 5, non-accrual finance receivables decreased from $836 million to $696 million, and 60-day-plus delinquencies decreased to $302 million from $418 million. Charge-offs in the second quarter were $38 million compared with $16 million in the first quarter of 2011. Moving below the segment level. Corporate expenses were $23 million, up from $17 million last year primarily due to the impact of our share price add on compensation expense. Interest expense was $38 million, up $4 million from last year, primarily the result of lower interest income from the TFC intercompany loan.  With respect to taxes, our tax rate of 31.9% is up from last year's rate of 18.2%, primarily because last year's second quarter benefited from a number of discrete foreign tax items. On the cash flow front, we contributed $189 million into our pension plan during the quarter. We also reduced our TFC bank line by $690 million, ending the quarter with a remaining balance of $500 million. With our solid manufacturing cash flow and receivables liquidations, we reduced our consolidated net debt by another $288 million, ending the quarter at $4.4 billion of total debt, which you can see on Slide 6. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to take your questions.
Frank Connor: I'd just point out in a detail. If you look at it, the Mustang is what really drove the decrease. In the larger cabin size in our markets, it's certainly stronger on a delivery basis as well.
Frank Connor: And in terms of what's happening so far in the quarter, Noah, as we prepare for this call, we obviously make sure that whatever comments we're going to make are as up-to-date as possible. So when we say that we continue to see deliveries up slightly from last year, that's based on the sentiment as it exists now.
Frank Connor: Well, Noah, what we had indicated for guidance was 1% to 3% margins. For Cessna, we said on the last call, we thought we'd be probably leaning towards the lower end of that range. And I think that, that's kind of still where we are, the lower half of that range. And kind of the progression will obviously depend on the delivery volume ramp that we expect to see. But that's how the full year maps up.
Frank Connor: That's about right, Heidi. The second half, we're expecting to be a little bit later than the first half just based on some timing. You usually think of the aftermarket as a lot parts and so forth. But there's also the aspects of refurb-ing planes. And we had a couple of fairly large programs in the first half that actually completed in the second quarter.
Frank Connor: And David, we're pretty much on track with respect to our original guidance of around $2.7 billion for the Industrial in total. So as we said back in the last call, we thought we'd see a little bit of a shift out of the second quarter, which we saw. And we think we'll make that up by the end of the year.
Frank Connor: Well, I think in addition to what you said, the other aspects are that Cessna is still pretty much where we said. Bell will be a little better. You already said with Cessna. So net-net, we're kind of pretty close to where we started the year except for that shift between Cessna and Bell.
Frank Connor: Steve, when you look at the progress we made on TFC bank loan, we're down now at only $500 million. We expect to pay that off during the remainder of the year. That will essentially take care of all the 2012 maturities and between liquidations and cash flow. When you then look at 2013, we can take care of 2013 with the liquidations and the cash flows from the business during that intervening period of time.
Frank Connor: Rob, let me put it this way. I think kind of we've given the guidance of around $140 million loss for the year. And there'll be variability quarter-to-quarter on that. But kind of that -- that's the number for 2011. That obviously reflects both operating cost of the business, as well as kind of losses on liquidations. We expect, as we've said, that to trend down as the portfolio gets smaller and trend down meaningfully. But we will, we believe, continue to see losses into 2012 and possibly beyond time frame depending on what that portfolio activity looks like.
Frank Connor: It was about $2 million, and it was roughly similar to last year's levels, a little over $2 million.
Frank Connor: June was strong. Generally, the pace of order activity although there's volatility month-to-month has kind of improved generally as we went through the year.
Frank Connor: Well, there will be some impact on an ongoing basis as a result of kind of various elements of the agreement. We will continue to support them and their development on a go-forward basis. And so we will have some engineering activities and support activity and things like that. But there will not be any type of kind of large one-time impact at the time of the close.
Frank Connor: Actually, it's been reasonably strong. The Southeast Asia, Indonesia, these areas have been good for us on both Citation jet as well as Caravan [ph] has been good. The eastern European, Latin American markets are still strong. So it's been fairly balanced, I would say, Ron. I mean, it's not one particular region, but I would say the level of interest and the market kind of just sort of modestly recovering, we're seeing on a pretty broad basis.
Scott Donnelly: No, I think the market, Pete, is modestly recovering. I think our gross orders being improved both year-over-year and over the first quarter are good indications that it continues to improve. We use the word stable. It's not rocketing back, I mean, certainly, the level of customer interest and number of orders we're able to book is improved over both those periods. And it feels like that will continue. So in terms of actual numbers, I mean, we're always going to -- I mean, as you know, our guidance for the year is to be slightly up. So we're going to see a little bit of above and beyond on a quarter-to-quarter basis here. But I don't think there's anything that is particularly concerning in that respect. I think, that's mostly just timing. There has been a little bit of positive mix towards the larger aircraft than the smaller aircraft, which is helpful to us particularly from a margin perspective. So I would say that the market is continuing to behave about as we expected it for this year, and with, generally speaking, modest improvement.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess my perspective is that it is bottoming this year. Right? I mean, I would expect we will still see some trickle of cancellations through the balance of this year. And I think that's probably just about it. Most of the range of a lot of the long-term order books that were out there are pretty well drawn at this point.
Scott Donnelly: Well, CJ4 was modestly improved from last quarter. We're coming down the learning curve in terms of our labor. And so, I think we're continuing to make progress there. We have been working, as we mentioned before, with a number of our suppliers. These are not things that turn overnight, but I would say that we have come to terms with a number of suppliers in terms of trying to get the cost in line. And that input stream, if you will, from those suppliers at a lower cost will sort of feather in over the balance of the year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, I think we are positive in terms of what we generate in terms of the contribution margin rate, but we'll see the number continue to improve through the course of the year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean it is dynamic, Noah. And I wouldn't disagree with you. I mean, I think if you looked at how we felt last year through about the first 5 months of the year, we're similar, right? It was modest improvement over 2009, and you're absolutely right. I mean, from sort of June through the September, October time frame, the market just absolutely stopped. And I think that was reflected in what our deliveries looked like in the third quarter last year. It was very, very tough to get any kind of a momentum in the marketplace. I would say, where we sit this year -- the reason I say, look, it's modestly improved, right? It's not taking off. But I certainly have not seen any indications in the market in terms of customer discussions and level of activity that would indicate that things are going to be like they were last year in sort of the June to September time frame, the customer activity, the rate of order. Booking is maintaining positive momentum at this point. I mean, if something as dramatic as what happened at the macroeconomic level that happened last year, of course, the industry would be affected by that. But I don't think it's reached that point.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, I do. I mean, I think there's 2 things at play, Jeff. One is we've been trying as hard as we can to try to -- to the extent we can, move people that would rather be fourth quarter than third quarter just because operationally, it puts an awful lot of pressure on the operation to try to deliver everything at the end of Q4. And of course, the other dynamic is I don't think we're going to have this dearth of orders and activity that we saw last year in sort of the late spring to beginning of summer, which also obviously impacted the softness of last year's Q3. So I won't tell you that I don't think it's still going to be Q4 will be the more heavily loaded. But that's very -- that's typical of the business anyway. But I do not think that Q3 will be as light as it was last year.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say, it's either in the backlog or it's largely in customers that we have line of sight to the aircraft deliveries.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think clearly, our margin rates on the military programs have been improving. And there's a real mix in there, Jeff, of programs that have had solid margins for some time. And there are a couple of programs in there that frankly have had in some sorts negative margin, certainly very dilutive margins. And those programs, as they improve, and get back to where they should be, we reduce the amount of that dilution from a couple of those programs. Our aftermarket business obviously is still very strong and a very profitable business. And so, when you look at all this stuff, as we made improvements from a couple of these programs that have had real challenges in the past in terms of the margin rate and get them to sort of more healthy what you would expect to be good margin rates up in that sort of, in the military, 9% or 10% or so kind of numbers, you will lose the drag of that dilution. And you get a lot more of -- obviously, an overall stronger margin rate in the business. And I think that's what we're seeing. Now as we go forward, through the balance of the year, I think we're going to see fairly level in terms of our military deliveries. But we're going to see a significant increase in commercial deliveries through the back half of the year. And again, those, generally speaking, tend to be dilutive to that 13% kind of margin rate in new equipment. But that's more as the commercial market works, right? We got reasonable margins on most of those products, but they feed that aftermarket, which has strong margins. So I think that's the pressure point we're going to see. We'll a lot of 429 deliveries, a lot more the light 407, 206-type deliveries in the second half. And that's great. That builds our backlog. They're good products. They're decent margins, but they're not 13%, 14% kind of margin products.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I guess, Cai, I would say let's first talk about the pricing side of things. So pricing in the used market, I would say, was fairly stable. There's a couple of models that moved down again. But generally speaking, most of the models, particularly most of the newer models, we've seen stabilization, even some increases in pricing, and I guess I'd also comment, much better volume. I mean, there's a lot more activity in the used market. So I think that has gone through the trough and is starting to improve. On the new aircraft front, pricing is still difficult. I mean, every deal is a very competitive deal but we're hanging in there. I don't think it's degrading a lot, but we saw a little bit of positive pricing through the earlier part of the year. But it's going to be tough pricing I think still for a while as the market is recovering. If I looked at the market in terms of where it's coming from, the orders and then talk to deliveries, I guess probably is the better way to look at it through the first half is about 65-35 domestic versus international. So I think this is going to fluctuate a little bit obviously over time. But it's -- I think long-term, it's still going to hang around the 50-50 mark over a period of time. In terms of my expectations for Scott and what Scott's doing is -- look, Scott is a pretty hands-on guy. He loves the business. He's a guy that's intending to obviously spend virtually all of his time right now, in Wichita, very inside focused on how do we look and measure and build a cadence around manufacturing, around sales, around service, day in day out kind of operations. He's very much digging into that. We've been looking at the organization and what we think we need to do. Organizationally, he's put some people into new jobs on his staff, particularly people focused around particular product lines like Citation jets, like our single-engine business, like our special mission business to drive more accountability, more sort of P&L responsibility, across these product lines, and that includes upstream marketing, so product development, product strategy and really having people that own those individual product segments as opposed to running the business all as sort of one chunk. And I think, that's something we've needed. I think it's a great opportunity for some people, and he has people coming into work every day that are very, very focused on those particular product segments. And of course, they continue to work through manufacturing and engineering on all the overall efficiencies and cost programs. So he's a pretty hands-on guy. He's a decisive guy. So I mean, you put issues on the table and the team will make the calls they need to make. And again, I think, he's great with identifying talent, putting the right people in the right jobs and giving them the right opportunities. And good things happen when that works.
Scott Donnelly: So the cash conversion was around 80%, Cai. And that was -- we've been telling folks that we expect to see some quarters when that number comes down like that, at that number or even below that number. In this case, it was driven by one particular account we've had. It's been a problem account for some time, and it just went through a bankruptcy process so we took a charge-off, for which we were reserved. That also explains why the charge-off number was up a little bit in the quarter and of course, takes that out of accrual, out of nonaccrual. I think what you're going to see, going forward, Cai, and it was typical this quarter is that the portfolio, I would dare to say at this point, has sort of stabilized. Right? So the problem accounts, we've pretty well gone through and said, "Okay, look, these are the accounts that are nonaccrual. These are the accounts that are problem accounts. We're working our way through those." As we work our way through those, the good news is what we're not seeing is a lot of new accounts move into those categories. So I think that the performing parts of the portfolio have stabilized. So what you see now is things that are going to migrate their way through the nonaccrual accounts, through the charge-offs for which they're reserved and see that happen without a lot of new stuff backfilling and coming back into those nonaccrual accounts. So that's sort of what's going on. In terms of prospects for moving or selling significant parts of the assets, we did one earlier this year in the timeshare area. I think it's possible that we could do something in timeshare again. We believe there's a fair bit of capital liquidity that's come back into that market. A number people that are very interested in that asset class. To be honest with you, it's been a great asset class for us. It's just not something we want to do in the future, so we do see some interest on that side. On the golf side of things, we did sell a number of golf courses particularly in Canada to a company wanted to get in that space. But I'd say there's still not a lot of capital, not a lot of liquidity coming back into the golf side. So I think if I look at how the year would play off, there's no guarantee. And obviously, we won't do a deal unless we think it's a smart deal. But there's a probability we could do something on the timeshare side, but unlikely on the golf side is the way I would handicap it.
Scott Donnelly: So the inventory buildup, Heidi, I guess don't really think of it so much as a white tail now or would say that I feel like we're going to have much in the way of white tails at the end of the year. But obviously, our ability to run the production lines is a lot more linear than our sales forecast. So there's no question that as we work through the first couple quarters, we've been building aircraft at a particular pace. But as I said, I think we have pretty good visibility through either through what is in the backlog or through the customer prospect list and the activity that we're working on that we have pretty good line of sight that those aircraft are -- that we are building the right amount of aircraft, and we're building the right type of aircraft to meet the forecast for the total year. But that does result in some inventory build during the course of year just because of this disconnect between a fairly linear manufacturing flow and a nonlinear sales flow, which we can't line that up. I mean, there's no way we could run the production facility to meet the third and fourth quarter delivery demand only by building those things to have them in time for third, fourth quarter orders.
Scott Donnelly: First of all, these are normalized margins because this is how we're running the business. But R&D was --
Scott Donnelly: The R&D rate is not going to change a lot. We have been ramping up the R&D rate, and of course, that will stick with us through the balance of the year. I think if I try to get to understand your question, I mean, clearly, the revenue, the volume is going to be significantly higher in the third and the fourth quarter. So if you take sort of the midpoint around where the overall guidance number is, and you look at where we are year-to-date, obviously, particularly after coming out of a negative number in the first quarter, obviously, that's all when we made up. But really, what drives it is we do have higher aircraft delivery volumes through the third and fourth quarter, which overcomes the increased R&D and whatnot. And as I said earlier, I think there are certainly cost actions that are kicking in, in terms of lower labor cost. We will see some benefit of some improved material pricing, particularly around the CJ4 as we work through the higher volumes of the third and fourth quarter as well. So all of that contributes basically to improve those overall margin rates in Q3 and Q4. So the net for the year, you end up in that guidance range of 1% to 3%. But it's mostly volume-driven.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, it's definitely what we thought. And we've seen some backlog accretion here in the first quarters on the commercial side. And I expect we will continue to see that through the balance of the year. We always felt that it would be fairly back-end loaded in terms of commercial deliveries because we were still coming out of sort of the challenges of 2010. But I guess, on balance, I would say that the market and how the market's recovering and where the opportunities are, are pretty consistent with what our view was coming into the year. Oil and gas is still strong. EMS is still strong. Asia has been picking up, Indonesia, Middle East. The areas that we expected to be strong are, in fact, turning out to be pretty strong.
Scott Donnelly: This is always a tough one to gauge. Right, what happens at the OEM level. But at least, what we're still hearing from the OEMs is that they're still fairly bullish on how the balance of the year is going to go. As you say, we had a little bit -- it was a little softer than we would've thought in the second quarter. And that was primarily plant shutdowns or reduced shipped rates, mostly in North America. Of the Japanese suppliers -- for a lot of key components were going back to Japan, obviously. But so far, we're not seeing a lot of modification of forecasts coming out of the OEMs in terms of the automotive market.
Scott Donnelly: I think on the book-to-bill, David, it's still the best guess I have. I mean, I think we always felt that we would probably struggle to get to a 1:1 through the course of this year. I mean, obviously, I think, as we go into the end of the year, if it's anything like last year in terms of just sort of the customer demand behavior around both the end of this year as well as orders for next year and bonus depreciation playing into all of that, I think that is probably where we'll see that 1:1 or greater kind of a number. So in that respect -- I mean, it's still yes, obviously, but it seems to be playing out about the way that we thought. In terms of aircraft mix, we kind of expected -- and again, what we've seen is a bias towards the larger Citation jets, so XLSs and the CJs and Sovereigns, more slanted away from the Mustang. Although Mustangs are doing okay, but we expected, compared to the last couple of years, that we would start to see a move towards the larger aircraft. And that is what we're seeing.
Scott Donnelly: Steve, I have not looked at that, so I couldn't tell you one way or the other whether our percentage going into the second is appreciably different. I don't think it's significantly different. I mean, just from a day-to-day operation as we talk about the stuff, it doesn't strike me as being very different.
Scott Donnelly: We have not been giving specific order numbers. So I don't think I want to go there. We just haven't been giving that numbers, Steve.
Scott Donnelly: Well, look. I mean, obviously, the backlog number will be out there, and we'll continue to provide that. My issue is that giving specific backlog and order numbers is also more helpful to my competitors. And I just don't think it's a number we want to put out there.
Scott Donnelly: Well, we expect obviously that we'll have a good show. We have some things that we will be talking about at the show in terms of some new product. And in terms of the market, obviously, it's very hard to call. I mean, obviously, Paris, we feel good about where the market is on the commercial helicopter side. As we continue sort of this modest recovery, on the light to mid-size, I mean, I would hope that we're picking up some momentum as you get out there into that kind of October time frame. But we certainly will be talking about some new stuff and things that we think are good for the business. And hopefully, it will be a great show.
Scott Donnelly: Steve, right now, our focus really in that business is run the businesses. I mean, at 7-plus percent of margin is obviously generating a fair bit of margin for us. It's generating a lot of cash for us. And those businesses are a great part of our portfolio. As I've said before, it doesn't mean everything will be there forever? No. Does it mean we'll never add to it? No. I mean, I think that's not something that we spend a lot of time right now. Frankly, we're really much more focused on running them. That's how we've got them to where they are. And I think they have become profitable businesses and valuable businesses as a result.
Scott Donnelly: Well, our focus here for this past year really has been to try to be as aggressive as we can at paying down the bank line. So we've been doing that. We have a new line in place with good tenor to it. So we've kind of worked that part of the capital structure and feel pretty good about that. In terms of those future debt payments, I mean, they're of a magnitude and a duration at this point that obviously we feel very comfortable in our ability to pay that down as it comes due.
Scott Donnelly: Sure. So if you talk V-22 firstly, there are a number of customers that have made inquiries and have expressed interest over time in that platform. Historically, Jason, there hasn't been a whole lot done with it because frankly, we don't even have production capacity to handle more than we're doing at the Marine Corps and the Air Force until you're out in kind of that 2015, '16, sort of a time frame anyway. So obviously, those discussions have become more real here over the last 6 months, I would say even or so. I want to be careful because there are some that are not public. One that is public, because I know the Israeli Air Force has talked about is they have expressed an interest. And the Marine Corps actually has hosted them a couple of times. They've flown the aircraft. They've been in the simulators. I think they've been very impressed with the aircraft and its capabilities. So that's one that's sort of in the first stages of putting together a potential FMS program around there. There's a couple other customers who also have inquired who are not quite that far down the path and again, they're not public, so I won't talk about them specifically. But I don't think -- the V-22, we're not talking about hundreds of countries that are going to buy these things. I think it's 10 or 12 countries that are going to buy these things. But the interest is certainly there, in a number of these places. And as I said, the initial ones are starting to actually progress. On the H-1, which is another opportunity obviously and I would say a much broader opportunity, a lot more countries that would look at H-1s both for the utility and the attack version. There are already some LORs that's been submitted to the U.S., expressing interest in these aircraft. So there's activity going on in the formal early stages of working quotations and working the government-to-government side of this thing. So again, early on but also one where we have not had production capacity to serve beyond the Marine Corps requirements. But as we see that requirement and that opportunity coming up in the sort of 2015-plus kind of time frame, we're now working those opportunities.
Scott Donnelly: Yes, we don't publish what our current number of aircraft orders and sales are. So we usually talk coming into the year, how much sold out in the past. We're trying to get away from that, Jason, because it doesn't help us in the marketplace to say how many available slots we have. But suffice to say, obviously, there are some available slots. But at this point, the color I would give you on that is when we look at what we think our total year deliveries will be, consistent with the guidance that we provided, that we think we have pretty good line of sight of those aircraft sales because they're either a, in the backlog or b, we are in discussions with customers that we believe will close on deals to sell that number of aircraft.
Scott Donnelly: It really is a mix across the whole product line. So obviously, we have already announced the new X, which is our largest aircraft. We have a number of programs that are going on. And as I kind of said, we will announce at least one of those at the NBAA coming out in October. But the investment is pretty broad across all the various platforms. Some of those are upgrade programs like it is in the X and hopefully, some will be brand-new aircraft. But the one thing I would say is it's not a Columbus class aircraft, okay? I mean, the realm here of what you're doing and where we're investing really runs from our sort of that CJ-sized aircraft right through the X.
Scott Donnelly: I think, Rob, I mean, from the cost -- that's why I was trying to be careful, I mean, cost has been coming down from an operating cost standpoint, and we'll continue to do that. Obviously, as we reduce the number of assets we have, the cost base to serve those has been coming down with it. I mean, it's probably -- don't necessarily look at it like you would conventional metrics around returning [ph] asset and cost percent asset and things like that. But obviously, it's coming down. And as Frank said, we are going to continue to liquidate this portfolio. And we would expect to continue to see loss as you continue to see that liquidation. So we know we're going to have more liquidations as we go into 2012, and there's going to be loss associated with that. I would certainly expect that the magnitude won't be as great but again, there's some volatility. I mean, if you had an opportunity to sell a good chunk of the portfolio or something, you would take associated loss at that time.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I would say that the primary discussion point and the primary objective of the government with respect to the multiyear is achieving a certain savings percentage as compared to if they were to procure on a year-over-year basis. So that's really where most of the discussion and most of the strategy, with both ourselves as well as our customer is how to make sure that in terms of unit volumes and times and whatnot, that if we're going to do a multiyear, we're able to figure out a way to achieve the cost ratio. So it's not a price discussion or sharing discussion so much. It's really around how do we get that savings as compared to if they procured on an annualized basis.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I mean, first of all, you're absolutely right. We already are looking at what our production rates look like in the next year because the cycle time of these products from supplier procurement all the way through final assembly and test dictates that we started paying attention to that right now. So our view, obviously, we're not in the position yet to try to guide on probably next year. But suffice it to say that we continue to expect to see some modest improvement in the market. And that's how we think about it when we think our production rates. And just as we've done in 2010, and have now done in 2011, we will have to make some estimates in terms of what we expect that demand to look like. And as a result, we'll set those production forecasts. And yes, we will take some risk. But we'll take pretty thoughtful risk, which is the same thing we did in '09 and '10. And those have played out to be about right. So we will take some risk in terms of the balance sheet and some inventory because we know we're not going to have a backlog in 2012, where the aircraft is spoken for. We know the demand is going to be there for the course of the year, and just as we had for the last couple of years, we'll work as good, as hard as we can to try to make sure we're accurate in terms of anticipating what's going on in the marketplace.
Scott Donnelly: I don't think so. We have not heard any discussions with respect to bonus depreciation and any different handling than what has been out there. The talk that you hear around changes in -- tax-related changes for business aircraft. As near as we can tell, I mean, all the discussion is around changing the depreciation schedule to a 7-year schedule from a 5-year schedule, but that wouldn't kick in until you go back to the normal depreciation schedule. So in other words, it does not appear that there's any change, none that we are aware of, with respect to the bonus depreciation scheme. So it will just be a going-forward basis that when you go back to normal depreciation it's a 7 versus a 5-year plan. At least that, we believe, is the proposal that's on the table.
Scott Donnelly: At systems, I would expect that. The only caveat I would put around that is one of the things that's been a pressure point for us this year is as we went through all the CRs and all the budget uncertainty. Some of these programs were pushed to the right. Most of those programs or several of those programs are important to us, should close and be decided by the end of the year. And therefore, you would have that in your book. But I mean, given all of the uncertainty and insurance [ph] in Washington, some of that could slide to the right. But the key opportunities that we've been working on should get into the book by the end of the year.
Scott Donnelly: A lot of that depends on what's going on with the budgets. But I would say that generally speaking, when you get out into the '15, '16 time frame, the Marine Corps in particular, which is our customer on the H-1, and a majority of our customer on the V-22 has been very supportive of these activities. They know it's good for them as well because it keeps higher levels of production in the factories. And I think -- I won't speak for the Marine Corps, but I think they're amenable to feathering in some Foreign Military Sales opportunities, if that will help to capture some opportunities and add some additional volume to the overall program.
Scott Donnelly: Well, I think that will be something we'll continue to see in the third and fourth quarter this year as well.
Scott Donnelly: George, we've tried to do that. I mean, in some respects, it's not that hard because you can look at a particular plant, and we know they went from 5-day to 2-day shifts for a certain period of time. But what they were forecasting versus what they did. There is some murkiness around it. But let's say that globally for us, it might have been somewhere in the order of $15 million or $20 million worth of physical volume. It's not a huge number.
Scott Donnelly: George, the seasonality within a quarter, you always have stronger end of the quarter, just human nature kind of a thing. So I wouldn't necessarily draw anything from that other than unlike last year, the quickest thing come out and have silenced. So we're encouraged by what we saw in June.
Scott Donnelly: You always have some of this lumpiness, George. I tend to look at it on more of a quarter basis. I mean, we see that number every month, but I think of it more on a quarterly basis. And certainly, there's no tonal change. I mean, when I talked to Scott and I talked to Mark and the sales guys, nobody's coming in and saying, "Oh my gosh." Either nothing's happening or all of a sudden everyone wants to buy. I mean, it's been pretty steady.
Stephen Tusa: Right, because some of the stuff is for '12 and '13 and maybe a little bit beyond. And then just I think everybody's got kind of a different methodology for doing this, and you've got obviously moving parts around aftermarket, et cetera, and the revenue base. But we're coming up with something around 20 net orders from a unit perspective this quarter. Can you just give us any kind of color around that? It would be helpful for everybody, I think.
Stephen Tusa: Is there any point in time where you're going to start giving that, maybe when the backlog kind of fills up? I know it's obviously a very important number to, I think, most investors. And it would just be helpful for us to be able to gauge how this thing is going.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just final question on Industrial. I know you don't like to talk about the portfolio moves that much. But clearly, the business has kind of come back off of the bottom. You have a little bit of profitability there. There is quite a bit of private equity money that's floating around. Is there any kind of active ongoing portfolio review? And I guess, if you don't want to kind of answer it that way, is there any intention to add to that business and build that business? And then one final follow-up after that.
