Frank T. Connor: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Segment profit in the quarter was $306 million, up $2 million from the second quarter of 2014 on a $250 million (08:41) decrease in revenues. Let's review how each of the segments contributed, starting with Textron Aviation. Revenues were down $59 million from this period last year, primarily reflecting a change in the mix of jets delivered in the quarter. Aviation had a profit of $88 million compared to $28 million a year ago. This was driven by improved performance, reflecting a $27 million lower fair value step-up adjustment and the benefit of the integrated cost structure of Beechcraft and Cessna. Backlog in the segment ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, $145 million higher than at the end of the first quarter. Moving to Bell. Revenues were down $269 million, primarily reflecting lower aircraft deliveries and last year's $41 million impact from the settlement of the SDD phase of the ARH program. Segment profit decreased $40 million from the second quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting the lower deliveries and a $16 million favorable impact in 2014 related to the ARH program, partially offset by favorable performance. With respect to our cost actions, we incurred approximately $40 million in severance costs during the quarter. The net impact on segment profit in the quarter was insignificant due to cost savings from head count reductions and the impact of including the allowable portion of these costs in our indirect cost rates for U.S. government contracts. Looking forward to the rest of the year, savings from the actions will help offset the P&L impact of lower production and deliveries, enabling us to maintain our original Bell margin guidance of 11% to 12%. At Textron Systems, revenues were up $40 million, primarily due to higher Unmanned Systems and Marine & Land volumes, partially offset by lower Weapons & Sensor volumes. Segment profit was down $13 million, reflecting an unfavorable product mix during quarter. Industrial revenues increased $33 million due to higher overall volumes, partially offset by a $69 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Segment profit decreased $8 million reflecting lower performance, partially offset by the impact of the higher volumes. Finance segment revenues decreased $3 million and profit increased $3 million. Moving below the segment profit line, last year's second quarter financials included an acquisition and restructuring line reflecting $20 million in costs related to the Beechcraft acquisition. Corporate expenses were $33 million and our tax rate was 29.9%. Interest expense was $32 million, down $4 million from the last year. During the second quarter of 2015, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million of our shares at an overall cost of about $87 million. To wrap up with guidance, we are confirming expected full year EPS from continuing operations of $2.30 to $2.50 per share and cash flow from continuing operation of the manufacturing group before pension contributions of $550 million to $650 million. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Frank T. Connor: It's going to be volume-dependent. But as we said earlier in the year, I think if we see kind of the volumes that we've indicated we should be at the upper end of that margin (14:28) and have some opportunity there because we are seeing good productivity right across Textron Aviation.
Frank T. Connor: Yeah, Cai, again, we're not going to get into the details of kind of how that all flows through. Again, a meaningful portion of it kind of does flow through our rates just given the mix of our business at Bell and the nature of those costs. And kind of, again, as we said, when you look at the cost that were absorbed in the quarter relative to the savings generated and other impacts, kind of it did not have a meaningful impact. Obviously, on a go-forward basis, we will then kind of need to – those costs will flow through our cost structure but obviously we'll benefit from the savings associated with the cost reduction activities as well.
Frank T. Connor: Yeah, again, our capital allocation has not changed. So, as we've said, we're going to buy back stock at least to offset the dilution associated with our share purchase programs. And I've indicated, we will pay down a little bit of bank debt associated with the Beechcraft acquisition this year. But kind of a number in that range, assuming that kind of there are not other applications of capital, is not an unreasonable range.
Frank T. Connor: Yeah, there is always some volatility in the corporate expense line around both timing of spend and just then the accounting for incentive-based compensation that is impacted by the share price. So, we do get quarterly volatility. Obviously, we're watching our overall controllable expenses very carefully, but there's no change in our expectations around full-year corporate expense coming in around the $170 million, $175 million level.
Frank T. Connor: No, it's really – as Scott had indicated earlier, George, it was really all kind of performance mix, a low volume core and some pretty significant spend at TRU, where, as we said, there's been a lot of focus on both standing up the training operations as well as other internal investment essentially that kind of doesn't get revenue recognition. So as we produce simulators for ourselves as we support the V-280 program from TRU and things like that, kind of we incur cost and effort but don't see revenue and profit flow from that. So that's why we had the impact that we had. Again, kind of in terms of full year, things are back-end-loaded. We do expect a recovery in margins to be kind of in line with the guidance that we've given for the full year on Systems.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, certainly, a part of it is NetJets' miles. As we firmed up those schedules and delivery dates, we do move things into (12:25-12:26). But I would say in general, the North America market seems fairly strong. If you look around the world, I'd say Russia and China in the jet side are pretty weak, although from my perspective those have been largely big iron markets so that hasn't had a huge impact on. Unfortunately, things are still obviously very challenging in Latin America and Europe, both with respect to how those economies are doing as well as the very strong dollar. And so, that's certainly keeping some pressure in those areas, which are historically good markets for the light mid-size business jet. So, it's a bit mixed around the world. I'd say that North America is really what's keeping us fairly strong with relative softness in Latin America and Europe.
Scott C. Donnelly: It's been a little tepid. I mean I think we had a pretty strong first quarter, certainly a weaker second quarter. But I would still expect on a full year basis, we're going to be in that kind of mid, low-single digit overall growth in terms of the aftermarket in the Aviation business.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, for sure. I mean, the aftermarket, particularly in the oil and gas area, is certainly softer. Utilization rates are probably down somewhat (15:04) in that area. But I would say we have a fairly diverse installed base of aircraft operating in an awful lot of different industries. And so, I think net, all things together, we would still expect for us a fairly flat year in total aftermarket for the helicopter business.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the inventory metrics certainly continue to be favorable. We're down to both on a percent basis and an absolute number of aircraft out there that are available for sale at levels, really, that go back into the mid-2000s kind of number. So, I think the metrics in terms of what's available out there is pretty favorable. Pricing has certainly stabilized. I mean you still on a year-over-year basis see depreciation obviously of any given model year, but the rate is kind of in historical norms, I guess, I'd say at this point. And we're actually seeing again some uptick on pricing on a model-by-model basis, particularly as that inventory gets fairly tight. So, I think the used market is becoming certainly less of a competitor than what we've seen over the last few years. So, that's, generally speaking, a pretty favorable trend that continues.
Scott C. Donnelly: Not really. Obviously, we keep an eye on all the segments we play in. And as assets come and go, we keep an eye on those things. But no, I don't think it's – we certainly haven't seen anything that would alter our strategy or how we think about things. We look at things that are in our spaces. We continue to be out there looking at things that we think are nice bolt-ons that will help strengthen our businesses. And, yeah, I think now we're in a period where an awful lot of assets are still pretty highly valued, and we're not going to overpay for anything but we do continue to keep our eye out.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, Cai, we're not going to start giving any kind of breakout on a model-by-model in terms of the backlog. As I said, in terms of color I will say that obviously we did book some of the NetJets deals because they've now been firmed up and have delivery dates. I would say, Latitude, we continue to be very pleased with sort of the market receptivity. There's a lot of activity going on. There's a pretty extensive list of customers that have been looking at the aircraft, taking demo flights in the aircraft, and we expect that that will convert into ongoing backlog as we go forward. So, we feel great about the aircraft. It gets great feedback from customers and I think the model will do very well.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I'm sorry, Pete. We don't have any Ex-Im facilities or (20:22) Ex-Im financing at this stage, so.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, there's two big impacts there, George. Certainly, one is the Latitude buildup. So, those deliveries will start next month and through the balance of the year. But obviously, we've had a lot of work in progress and stuff progressing here into finished goods in the Latitude program. And then the other, of course, is at Bell. So, we have slowed down the production rates, but, clearly, in the latter part of last year, coming into this year, just given the cycle time of production, a lot of those helicopters have already been built. So we had significant inventory build at Bell, which also should bleed off through the balance of the year.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, we're not going to break down independently, George. Look, we don't want to tell you -when we have a big military deal, obviously we announce that and we'll talk about that. There weren't any big announcements in the quarter, obviously, but we're going to – so we'll provide that level of color when there's a big military deal or something of that nature, but there were no such activities in this particular quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, sure, Jason. Obviously, we have a lot that's going to happen here in the second half of the year. Aviation sort of has its normal cycle, which tends to be stronger in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, than it is in the first half of the year. We clearly think we're in a position to execute on that. Obviously, that requires the market to still be supporting ongoing orders. But we think we have a pretty good line of sight to the amount of activity that's going on. But as Frank alluded to earlier, still a lot of aircraft to sell, but feeling pretty good about where we are. Similarly, at Bell, obviously the military side is well understood but there still are a certain level of order activity that has to happen to support our view of the second half at Bell. Systems is primarily just executing on the programs that we have. Again, a clear line of sight in terms of what those deliveries need to be. Our Canadian TAPV program, obviously, is very important to us. So, I think the testing program has gone very well so far but we have to enter into the formal customer test here in the next month or so and successfully complete that so we can begin the initial deliveries on that program. But if we successfully work our way through the testing, then we should be able to meet those milestones. So, I think, again, there's still a fair bit of selling to be done in both the fixed wing aviation and the helicopter business to make it happen, but we think we'll be able to get there. In terms of upside, as again Frank alluded earlier, the Aviation business is executing extraordinarily well in both new product programs as well as manufacturing production efficiencies. And I think if we can deliver on the volumes that are in the plan, that's probably where we can have some upside to our guidance.
Scott C. Donnelly: Predominantly, we firmed up what's going to happen in 2016 and some in the early part of 2017. So as we said, we're going to put those into backlog as we get, obviously, deposits as well as firm commitment dates. And, look, I'm sorry guys, but we're not going to provide any breakout or breakdown on a model-by-model in the backlog in any of the business. I mean, just not something that's normally done.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I don't think we want to get into our – again, model-by-model sales forecasting, so I don't think we'll provide any guidance.
Scott C. Donnelly: It's roughly where it's been, Noah. There hasn't been any dramatic change on the legacy aircraft front. How far out we are, it does vary model-by-model as we've said in the past. But I wouldn't get into specifics on a model-by-model basis for sure.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I don't think there's a big missing piece here, Myles (sic) [Noah] (27:28), in terms of your analysis. I think that if we can drive the volume in the second half of the year, that we'll see stronger margins. And that's why I commented earlier with one of the other questions, I think that we can exceed our guidance range on the Aviation side. But again, that is predicated on seeing the continued strength in the market, particularly North America, that we've seen, to help drive that volume. We're always going to have a little bit of a mix here with the military side versus the commercial side, and military deliveries we're continuing to perform under our JPAT contracts, so those will result in lower incremental margins. I mean, that's relatively lower margin mixes as we go forward compared to the incrementals on the commercial side. But again, I think the bigger issue here will be can we drive the volume in the second half of the year.
Scott C. Donnelly: It's probably going to be more Q4 loaded as it sort of typically is, Julian. I think the appetite, like a lot of our customers, particularly both oil and gas directly as well as a lot of the petrodollar-based economies, seem to be kind of getting their head around a stabilized lower dollar per barrel of oil. So, I think we're going through a normal cycle here. Things shut off pretty hard over the last 18 months, I would expect to sort of see some recovery as we go forward but it's going to be modest and at least there's a fair bit of customer activity discussions going on but it's going to be awhile probably for those things to come to fruition. But in terms of our particular guidance, we always end up with a higher mix, particularly in the 412s that are in the fourth quarter of the year versus the third quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, we are. I think from a production standpoint, it ramps fairly quickly. Obviously, we'll have our initial deliveries here in the third quarter, but again it will be heavier into the fourth quarter as that production ramp goes. But the production facilities, capabilities, tooling, everything is in place to meet what we believe is the expected demand, and I think we're going to be in pretty good shape on it. Our cost is where we expect it to be, so its margin rates should be consistent with what we see in our mid-size jet market today.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I'm sorry, David, I don't recall the exact numbers. I thought the firm was a bigger number than that. But anyway, this is all the delivery commitments that we've moved into backlog obviously are under that initial firm order contract.
Scott C. Donnelly: So, Sheila, I'd have to say that most of the -- I mean, if you look at our product mix, and when you think about M2s up through really the XLS space, we still continue to see the strength of that market around small, midsize businesses, a lot of family-owned stuff, a lot of owner operators, individuals of that sort. I'd say that particularly as we look at the Latitude, Latitude, when we look at that list of prospective customers, clearly, as they go into the fractional market, that's a pretty diverse group of everything from high-net individuals to corporates, but the Latitude whole aircraft sales are very heavily biased towards corporate buyers. So these are corporate flight departments. The attractiveness of that aircraft, the cabin size, the range and performance, while there's some high-net-worth and some smaller businesses, it is dominated by more corporate interest.
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm not sure we would really break out specific numbers, Sheila. Obviously, the costs were virtually all incurred here in the second quarter. As Frank said, the nature of program accounting and the way that impacts the rates and flows through production, we kind of expect it to net out to not much of an impact here this year. What it means in terms of next year, obviously, we have savings associated with those actions. But, by design, that was intended to offset the fact that we expect to have lower production volumes as we go into next year. So, from a margin rate perspective, we're not obviously going to guide to that yet. I mean, that's something we'll have to talk about for 2016. It will largely be dependent on what we think will happen in terms of volume at Bell for 2016 as to whether that's a tailwind or not.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think it is good if we can take more orders than we sell. Right? So, I mean, I think the backlog changes is something that I think is good for us regardless of where the end market is, but I think most of the color that we're trying to provide here is I think we look at the world right now as kind of an 80% North American market and a 20% international market. And that really is driven by the fact that the dollar is very strong. Latin American economies are very challenged. Europe is probably kind of going sideways. But the strong U.S. dollar makes big ticket capital items pretty expensive. So, I mean, that's just kind of the way I would kind of look around the world. We feel pretty good about what's going on in North America. There's deals that are converting from opportunities into hard orders and sales are happening. So, we still need that to continue through the balance of the year to get to where we want to be. But when we look at the conversion of that activity into actual order book and we look at the kind of the level of activity that's going on in terms of prospect lists, we feel pretty good about it
Scott C. Donnelly: Oh, we have a number that are in the works. So, one of the challenges -- just a normal part of a process on any kind of a military customer deal is you also have to get to the final aircraft configuration. And so, while we've been thrilled with the performance of the aircraft and all the work that we've done, we have a couple of things that we're doing to the aircraft. We'll have a conforming version of the aircraft that's appropriate to go into certification testing in the first half of next year, and that's really the aircraft that customers will look at to make that final buying decision. So there's a number of interests. There's a lot of demo flights coming on. There's places we've taken the aircraft. There's customers that have come to Wichita to fly the aircraft, to look at the aircraft. So there's a bunch of activity out there, but we need to get this thing to its final production configuration and get into cert tests, which is in the first half of next year.
Scott C. Donnelly: Jeff, so I think 80/20 might be the right number. I mean, we always have customers that are looking at more than one model and trying to decide how to match their mission, be it range, payload, et cetera, and how they decide which of our products. I would say that there's a pretty significant price difference between an XLS+ and a Latitude. So, I wouldn't say there's zero in there, but when people are looking at those two aircraft, it is a pretty significant price difference, it's a big range difference, it's a big cabin difference. So, I think those two are very different aircraft. I think we do have some customers that will look at a Latitude and a Sovereign. And in that case, they kind of have to make the decision based on a Sovereign has some additional range and some additional seating capacity, and that's really what then drives that decision between a Sovereign versus a Latitude. From our perspective, from a production, manufacturing operation, it really is kind of a wash. So, we're able to kind of work with the customer and say which aircraft best fits what you need, and they pick the aircraft that makes sense, that there's no reason for us to have a reason to bias it one way or the other.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I guess, I won't comment – I can't, shouldn't probably comment too much on the Sikorsky deal. There's certainly been plenty of media coverage on that. And the media is the media. So, I think what we would say is we always keep an eye out for assets that are in our spaces. We are always looking and sort of thinking about things that would make sense for us or would not make sense for us, and that's the path we'll stay on.
Scott C. Donnelly: We really haven't. Obviously, Kautex has a number of plants in China in the automotive segment. So if there was any kind of material change in auto demand, that would have an impact on us. But again, Kautex is a big auto business. We've got plants all over the world, and it's not unusual for us to go through cycles where one region is doing better than the other. So, certainly, there's some exposure there to the Chinese automotive market, but it's not something I would be losing a whole lot of sleep over, I guess, at this point.
Scott C. Donnelly: I think in the Industrial segment, again, we generally saw pretty broad growth in all of the businesses. The only business that was a little soft for us was the Tools & Test business. That had to do with a couple industries that were a little soft in the quarter. We have expected some deals that we thought would close that didn't close, some of which I actually now closed as we moved into the third quarter. So I would say those are mostly just timing related. We have obviously seen some softness in the energy market, so we had an awful lot of strength over the last couple of years in the Marcellus, in the Balkans, (43:39) and places like that which have clearly slowed down. So, while there's some macro impact, we believe we'd still see ongoing softness. There were some other areas that I would say were more timing related and we would expect to still be clearly on track to hit our guidance around the Industrial segment.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I guess, two of the main things is that, clearly, the vehicle deliveries are very back-end-loaded because of the process of going through all of our testing and completing that program and starting deliveries on our TAPV program, which will be a Q4 event. Otherwise, we've had no deliveries on that program as we wait to get through the test program. So that's been an overall drag. The other is that we have had an awful lot of investment here in the first half of the year around our Simulation business. We've opened a brand-new training center. We've done a lot of simulator design development production work for our own use, including things like the V-280 to demonstrate the performance and capability of that product for sort of for use in customer sales and marketing efforts. And we need that business to swing to a more profitable phase here in the back half of the year. So that's been dragging somewhat on our Systems segment margins as well. But the bottom line is, we have a lot more product delivery here in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter than we've had in the first half, which is what we expected, frankly.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, it certainly doesn't have an immediate impact. We've had Lockheed as one of our teammates on that program. They're doing all the cockpit and mission systems for the aircraft. They've done a great job for us in terms of performing on that design development activity, and we expect that it will stay that way to support heading towards first flight here in 2017. The program's going great, so there's no reason, from our perspective, to see any change in that program on FVL at this time.
Scott C. Donnelly: I don't think it changes our perspective of Sikorsky, whether their parent company is UTX or their parent company is Lockheed Martin. The dynamic in terms of competition in the marketplace for us is largely unchanged.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yeah, I think so. Look, as I said earlier, Lockheed has been a great teammate for us on the V-280 program. We're all very focused on getting that aircraft to first flight and executing our commitments with our customer around that program. And then the dynamics of where that program goes from there is very much to be determined. And really not so much having to do with where the Sikorsky ownership is or where Lockheed is, but where does the customer go from there. Still, that program will have to go through this initial demonstrator phase, and then the program will morph, as all programs do, in terms of how it goes into the next steps. So I don't think, at this point, that's driven one way or the other by where Sikorsky or Lockheed are, but where does the customer want to go. But at least what's critical to us is that where we are today and how we execute and complete the tech demonstrator phase program and, importantly, getting into first flight in 2017 is unchanged by who that particular division is owned by and where Sikorsky is.
Scott C. Donnelly: The program when the multiyear 2 contract was negotiated, the provisions for options were laid into that contract. So everything in terms of how it's priced was already all negotiated up-front with the customer.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, from an R&D perspective, it's baked into our long-range plan in terms of the Aviation business in total. In terms of the size of that market segment, I'm sorry, I don't have all those charts in front of me at the moment, but, I mean, you're really talking about the market today which is largely dominated by the TBM and PC-12 product lines.
