Scott C. Donnelly: I do. I mean, I think, Peter, if you think about the year as being up slightly and obviously last year the first half of the year was probably stronger than normal, the second half of the year was weaker than normal, I would expect more or less the inverse of that this year, in part driven by the fact that all those new models are second half-loaded.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I don't know if I'll do the exact number, but yes, trade-in sales were up on the -- well, particularly, on the quarter. And I think, generally, they will continue to be up. We have seen a fair bit of trade-in activity, Peter. A lot of that is driven by people that are placing orders and buying aircraft on relatively short cycle and they do need to monetize their existing aircraft for those folks that have aircraft. So we have been taking a higher ratio in terms of number of trades than we normally would. I'd say the good news is the aftermarket, used aircraft market, is doing okay. It's moving pretty well. So most aircraft that we're taking in, we're turning them over in sort of that 1- to 6-month time frame and I would expect to continue to see that. So there will be higher churn of used aircraft going through our book, but I think that, again, the market is doing fine and we are able to turn those aircraft around.
Scott C. Donnelly: It is. I think you're going to see sort of low double digit on the aftermarket side and slight gains in both the new aircraft, as well as probably an increase, sort of reasonably strong increase in the used aircraft market.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, that's really the primary driver, so you're right. I mean, I think that we certainly feel we'll be paying our fair share this year in cash taxes. And that's really been just timing associated with other things over the last few years, so we have not paid as much cash tax. That certainly catches up with us this year. We're talking about used aircraft. I do think that we will see some positive cash flow as we work some of the used aircraft balances down. But other than that, it should be relatively straight conversion of NOP [ph] into cash. Obviously, as Frank said, we will have some higher CapEx spending this year. And again, that's primarily driven by a number of new product programs that are going on, particularly at Bell and Cessna, and as a result of some facilities capital that we're spending with Bell as we consolidate what was multiple facilities in the Fort Worth area into principally one location.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, first of all, the programs are going extremely well. Flight test activity is underway with all the aircraft. We have not run into any issues, so we're pleased with the performance and how they're doing. Of course, we do have to go through the FAA certification process. That seems to be tracking reasonably well at this point. The M2 is one that we'd like to get some third quarter deliveries, but I think the way the certification date is going to fall, that's going to be difficult to do. So I think that most, if not all, will be in the fourth quarter. But again, the program and the product has been well received and it's not having any impact in terms of our expectations for the number of units that we'll ship in 2013.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, it's a good question. I mean, the issues that we initially ran into on the Services contract were with respect to our ability to get people trained to the appropriate level to be ready for the increase -- basically, just the ramp of the program in terms of people going in theater and operating the aircraft. We put a very robust training process in place and we have not seen any continuation of that. In fact, the off tempo has gone up significantly both at -- or in the UAS program, as well as our ISR program, so for both customers. And the good news is on the second program, on the ISR Services side, we didn't see any training-related issues because we had learned from the initial launch on the MEUAS program the training programs have been effective and worked, and as a result, we seem to be in good shape even as we added a significant number of resources for ramping those programs up. What's new, unfortunately, is that as we started to fly on the first Services contract, we have run into what I believe is a number of different issues associated with the propulsion system on that aircraft. And so we were losing more aircraft than we had in our plan. We have engaged our folks from Lycoming, obviously, who are experts. They've been doing a lot of testing and evaluation. We believe we understand the critical issues that were resulting in the early failures of these propulsion systems. We have been able to implement a number of fixes already. The good news is that we are seeing improved performance in the field in terms of the MEUAS program. We are not seeing those problems with our second customer, again as a result of things that we have learned on the first program. But at this stage of the game, we don't have enough hours really logged on the second program, so when we think about estimating our cost to complete, we really have to look at the total of the combined programs. So obviously, we're disappointed. We did not anticipate having these kind of problems associated with the engines. We've taken significant charges as a result of that, but I do think we're seeing progress in terms of our ability to understand exactly what were those problems and put fixes in place that appear to be having an impact in the field.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think, Julian, part of what you're seeing is there an increase next year in used aircraft as part of that revenue. And sort of by design, the way we typically bring those aircraft in and how we book them, those are typically sales at 0 margins. So that obviously has a dilutive impact on the overall margin rate. That's principally what guides that number to sort of net out around that 20% -- 19% kind of range.
Scott C. Donnelly: So I think, Julian, if you -- the way to think about the business is we had guided last year that '12 margins would have been in sort of that 9.5% to 10.5% kind of a range. If you take out these charges, unfortunately, with our Services contract, that's really where we were. And I think if you look at next year, the reason we guide more in that 9% to 10% range is because we have the revenue associated with those programs basically at 0 margins. So I think the margin performance on the balance of the business is where we expect it to be and would have been consistent with this year's guidance. The reason you see a slight decrement to that in terms of our '13 guide is because you do have the revenue associated with those Services contracts and they're 0.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, look, Noah, we would certainly like to see some backlog start to build, obviously, as we introduce and get closer to the launches of things like Latitude and Longitude, we would expect to see some build in that area. We announced the new Sovereign relatively late in the year, obviously, and not in a great environment in terms of what was going on in the economy. But I would expect to see a start to build some order book of the new Sovereigns. But the bottom line is, I don't think people should be terribly surprised. I mean, the fourth quarter -- frankly, the second half of the year was not particularly strong in the business jet market. That being said, there's no reason to believe that there's going to be a -- that's not going to normalize and we're going to get back to sort of where we felt in the beginning part of 2012. With respect to production rates, again, we look at this on a very regular basis and anticipate what the order flow is going to look like based on what's going on with customer activity, and that is what is setting our production schedules as opposed to looking at backlog. This is a classic example. If you look into 2013, we're guiding to what we believe will be a modest increase in a number of jets. Obviously, that's based on what we see going on in the market, what our anticipation is in terms of order flow. It takes into consideration, though, as we set production rates, how many aircraft went from '12 to '13. As you know, we've been trying to make sure that we're forecasting this very accurately. There's no question that we would have expected higher sales in both the third and fourth quarter than what we actually saw and we've adjusted our production rates in 2013 accordingly. But we still believe, if you look at the market, you see what's going on with customer activity, where we believe the cycle is, that we still think it's appropriate to build towards a modest increase in deliveries in 2013.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, no. Look, we're guessing it, obviously, right? So, yes, I think as we get closer to making deliveries in having the availability of the new Sovereigns that I would expect to see some order book built for that product. We have a limited number of Sovereigns to sell here in the next few months because we've stopped production of the Sovereigns, right? There's only a few aircraft that are left, frankly. So as we start to talk customers about Sovereigns, they're all going to be moving into aircraft that are not going to be available for delivery until third quarter.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, yes, I'm always most concerned about Cessna just because the sensitivity around what's going on in the market. We don't have a whole lot of control over what the market is doing. And as you know, the backlog, it's not something we're -- we can just ride the backlog. It does depend on orders and conversion to sales. So that's, I would say, probably the highest risk item. But as you guys know, we have, over the last year few years, tended to over-perform at Bell. I'm sure people will think that there's over-performance opportunity at Bell. I think we can probably push Bell towards the top of the range. But we are going to have -- we're stopping the ramp here, right? So the ramp on the V-22s and the H-1s is kind of coming to its conclusion, so I don't see a lot of leverage on increased volume and we are seeing continued growth on the commercial side of the business. And how that mix plays out will largely impact, I think, what opportunity we would have to outperform on the Bell side.
Scott C. Donnelly: I think it's pretty representative of what was going on operationally in the business. There was a little bit higher sales in terms of used aircraft on a year-over-year basis, but not a huge number. And obviously, the thing that really impacted us the most, Jeff, was the arbitration settlement at $27 million. So you put that back in there, I mean, I think what the team has done, frankly, as I said, obviously, we had lower revenue, lower jet -- new jet deliveries than we would have expected. And I think what you're seeing is the team's doing a nice job on costs. They're doing a nice job on efficiencies within the business. And we moved some volume through there. I think the guys are ready to make it a much more profitable business.
Scott C. Donnelly: Jeff, it's difficult to say. I mean, I really -- to be honest with you, as we go from quarter-to-quarter, it seems we see moments in time where the lower end of the market, be it Mustangs or CJs, seems like there's more inquiry and more demand. And then we have quarters where it seems to be more on the Sovereigns and the XLS side. So I think the market is still a little bit skittish, so I don't know that I would look at one or the other. It really does seem to swing as we go through the year. It's peculiar that we seem to see spikes in interest in different sizes and different classes of aircraft, but I can't say that I've been able to figure out how to correlate that to anything.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there is. I mean, without a doubt, we would have expected more fourth quarter sales at Cessna and those aircraft, which really are sort of the greentail. I mean, obviously, as we are working around customers, we focus our completion center activity around the demand that is there. But there's no question, there's more inventory tied up in that -- that latter stages of whip and going into the completion center than we would have expected. We always have had these discussions around the fact that we are building to a forecast and that's what we're going to continue to do. We've, generally speaking, been about where we expected. There's no doubt we were light in terms of sales activity in the fourth quarter. But again, it does take a bit of a hit on the inventory side, but these are perfectly good aircraft. And obviously, we're selling them as we speak. So it's more of an issue of looking forward and adjusting what we need to do in terms of 2013 production to accommodate the fact that we did have more whip that rolled from '12 into '13.
Scott C. Donnelly: I'd say that price has been relatively flat. We've seen some models better than others. I would say, frankly, in the fourth quarter, we certainly had some opportunities to sell some aircraft that would have reflected some significant downward pricing. I mean, people are trying to play that game. And I think our decision was we're going to walk away from some of that. So part of the behavior here in terms of pricing, I think, does have to get out of trying to move aircraft and that's behavior we're trying to see. So there's no question there were few aircraft that could have resulted in negative pricing in the quarter that we're just not going to do. So but I'd say, generally speaking, it has been flattish. And as we said earlier, that's kind of how we're thinking about it in terms of how we guide into next year.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, we have seen better deals on pricing in the used market, so -- and I think that, that just in terms of publicly available data that's out there, I think it would corroborate that people are seeing a little bit of an uptick in used aircraft market. It's not overwhelming.
Scott C. Donnelly: As I said earlier, most of aircraft that we're bringing in, in a 1- to 6-month cycle, we're moving them back out. So from our perspective, obviously, the rate of turn to move these things is what's most important because we are, basically, providing a service to our customer to modify that aircraft, allow them to get a new aircraft, and then we want to move that aircraft on.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, the issue with the multiyear is that as long as we're operating under a CR, they do not have authority to sign multiyear contracts. There was actually an attempt in -- to put that in and make an exemption so that you could do multiyear and that did not go through. So they had no authority to sign any multiyear contracts, be it our programs or any other programs. So it really has to do with getting legislation passed that actually gives them a budget and gives them budget authority to do multiyear contracts.
Scott C. Donnelly: No. So what they've done is, they've gone ahead and awarded an undefinitized contract for lot 17, which would be the first lot of the next multiyear, as well as the long lead material procurement for lot 18, which would be the second year of the multiyear. So because they do have authority under the CR to award individual contracts on a year-over-year basis, they are continuing to do that. So what you're seeing with the award of lot 17 and the award of long lead material under lot 18 is on schedule and gives us the ability to deliver to what the multiyear plan would be. But just because of their contracting authority, they can only do it on a year-by-year basis.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, there was a price negotiation that was undertaken and is concluded with respect to the next multiyear. Certainly, the margins, as part of that negotiation, have been reduced as you would expect normally happens when you've driven a lot of productivity and you end up with another contract. The issue, of course, is with a multiyear deal now, it's incumbent upon us to go try to figure out how you get those margins back to where they were.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, on the military side in terms of delivery, George, it's going to be relatively flat on the V-22 and H-1 front, and it is increasing. Again, we think we'll see another year of solid growth in terms of increases in the number of commercial deliveries. Also, as I said, as we increase our R&D spending and we stop having the leverage on the military side of increasing those numbers, our costs are somewhat higher in terms of what's embedded in overhead rates, and therefore, that is putting some pressure even on the military margin rates on a year-over-year basis.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, we expect to see increased deliveries in a number of areas in our UAV business and our -- I would expect to see some increased revenue in our Sensor Fuzed Weapon business. The TAPV and the Ship-to-Shore which, of course, are still in the early stages and the development phases do not contribute a lot of revenue in terms of deliveries in 2013. So it's really the core parts of SFW and the UAV business that we expect to see driving revenue growth.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, George, unfortunately, we were hoping to see a bit of an uptick after the election got behind us. I would say that didn't happen and from -- at least from our perspective, and certainly talking to our customers. All the stuff that was going on with the so-called fiscal cliff, most people chose to sort of wait that out, and so they did. So the normal -- I mean, frankly, the number of customers that we have sort of in the discussion phase all look very normal. The amount of activity going on are all very normal. But the mess that happened as we went through December, I think -- November, December, just led people to say they'd stand back. So we have seen delivery. We have seen orders obviously here as we've gone into the beginning of the year. I'd say we probably have had more order activities than we're used to seeing right at the beginning of January, but I would say that's probably a result of people waiting out to see what was going to happen. Remember, they didn't come to a conclusion and decide at least what they were going -- what little they were going to do on the fiscal cliff until beginning of January. So that, clearly, was a problem.
Scott C. Donnelly: George, I always think the bonus depreciation is sort of beneficial, but on the fringe, right? It's not going to cause somebody to buy an aircraft or to upgrade their aircraft. I mean, you've always been looking at a 5-year depreciation schedule here. So whether you're doing 20% a year over a 5-year period or whether you get half in year 1, it's not a huge issue. So if people have room in tax, we've seen that drive their behavior. As you know, we always tend to see a stronger fourth quarter because people have always wanted to get that first year depreciation in the current tax year, and so that's always driven some cyclicality into this business. But the difference between 50%, 20%, yes, beneficial, but I still believe sort of on the margins. People don't buy an aircraft because of tax depreciation in terms of bonus.
Scott C. Donnelly: No, I think you've capped it pretty well. Mix is relatively neutral. We continue -- I think if we look at our forecast for the year, the mix won't help or hurt a whole lot. Obviously, some new models coming in is beneficial to us, particularly with the Sovereign block point in the latter half of the year. So the headwinds really are increased used, which does not carry much volume or margin with it, a little bit of R&D headwind. But primarily, this is going to be how does the team do operationally. And again, I think our momentum going into the year is good. The activities that Scott and the team have been driving in terms of operational efficiencies are working. And we get some additional volume, obviously, that will be a good leverage.
Scott C. Donnelly: Yes, there's always some cume catch in terms of the program. You see accounting in the quarter. I think in terms of year-over-year, we had a pretty tough comp. We have very good mix of commercial aircraft in the fourth quarter a year ago. We probably did not have as good a mix in terms of the types of commercial aircraft that shipped in the fourth quarter this year. But overall, over the span of the year, obviously it was a very good year on the commercial side, and I think we'll see that momentum continue into '13.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I mean, there's a couple of things going on. Obviously, one, which we mentioned, is we feel like it's appropriate to be offsetting the dilution associated with the employee compensation and benefit plans, the 401(k) matching and things of that nature, and so that accounts for us somewhere in the neighborhood of a few million shares a year. And so that's one thing that we want to make sure that we offset. In terms of summer activity this year, we know we have a convertible coming up here in May and we want to try to be offsetting some of the dilution associated with the retirement of that instrument. And in terms of going forward again, we'll continue -- as a minimum on the anti-dilutive offsets and based on our perspective in terms of the company and where stock is, what do we think is in the best interest of the shareholder. And I think at this stage in the game, our conclusion was allocating some of that cash to retiring some of the shares is probably the most share-enhancing strategy in terms of capital deployment right now.
Scott C. Donnelly: So, Cai, so the R&D was up. It was up principally driven in Bell. At Cessna, we were not up as much as we probably originally thought. That's driven primarily by the fact that if you look at our programs and the fact that we were taking Sovereigns basically out of production to bring in the new one, and a number of other changes we made, and particularly around deciding to do the Longitude program, and therefore not a couple of the things that were more shorter-term upgrade programs, we were able to shift a lot of our engineering resource from what would normally be sustaining minor change things into our primary new product programs. So we were able to staff a lot of those major programs without having to increase a lot of our R&D dollars. We would expect the same to continue to next year. So we'll see modest increases in R&D, and again, principally driven by increases at Bell and some increases at Cessna as we ramp up those programs. In terms of this net R&D, we're trying to show what is the true headwind, if you will, from an EPS perspective as opposed to not sort of all engineering as opposed to necessarily the R&D tax credit-type things that benefit or specifically fit the R&D definition. So it's reflective of all our engineering. Because what basically happened, Cai, is we're letting table a lot of our engineering that really is associated with not historically R&D, but a lot more sustaining engineering and instead move those funds and resources into our new product programs.
Scott C. Donnelly: That's right. And that's principally driven, as I said, by the fact that we've been able to take a lot of our other engineering resource, which was not engaged in R&D programs, it was doing sustaining develop -- sustaining support of our production programs, and moved a lot of that resource into the R&D area.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think if you look at it, Cai, so absolutely our view would be that Mustangs will be down. M2s obviously will -- are new. So I think if you look at volumes of what was Mustang in that sort of the lighter end of the market will be made up this year of, instead of just Mustangs, it'll be a combination of Mustangs and M2s. So there's a slight mix shift up there, okay, but then you're talking about $3.2 million aircraft versus $4.5 million aircraft, so in the grand scheme of things, it doesn't change the mix shift very much from the perspective of the overall mix of the business. We will have the Sovereign deliveries, but I think if you look at combined Sovereign and Ten sales last year versus this year, they are relatively equivalent. And then you look at the balance of the portfolio through the CJs and the XLSs, again, it's going to be roughly a similar kind of number. So that's why I say, I don't think you're going to see a huge mix shift in terms of the overall average dollar waiting, if you will, per aircraft in 2013.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, so, I mean, we see demand as being relatively flat. Obviously, we'd like to think that 2014 will be an up year, but that's a guidance question for another 364 days from now. But, yes, I mean it really is principally driven by demand at this stage of the game, Cai.
Scott C. Donnelly: Well, I think that we would certainly expect to see profitability in the first half of the year. And CJ4, I don't expect -- in fact, I think if we look at year-over-year volumes, look like they're pretty flat on CJ4s. So it's only an aircraft that's been in the market for a few years. It's still doing very well from a competitive standpoint. It's performing -- the performance is outstanding. Customers are very happy with it. So it continues to be, frankly, probably the most from a volume standpoint, probably the most popular aircraft we have in our portfolio right now.
Scott C. Donnelly: I'm sorry, I haven't looked at that data. Just recently, it's been -- things have been fairly stable in terms of available for sale. So I think, as Doug said, with the whole fleets around 12% kind of a number, as we look at that data through the course of the year, the models are still in production, relatively recent aircraft has really been more in the low to mid-single digit in terms of percent per sale.
Scott C. Donnelly: I guess, we'll have to wait to see all of the gamma numbers here. But I guess, my sense is, in terms of new aircraft, clearly, we feel we've been picking up some share over the course of the year. Part of that, obviously, is Hawker going out of the market and it was a pretty tough year when you have a competitor that's exiting a business line. But I don't think there's lots of aircraft left, so I would expect that not to be much of an issue on a going-forward basis.
Scott C. Donnelly: We don't do the greentail or whitetail number specifically. Just in terms of direction, as I said, we clearly would have expected some additional sales in Q4 that we did not see given everything going on. But as I said in the past, we're trying to build or forecast and estimate it as well as we can. The only downside risk if you're off on that number is you take a little bit of inventory risk, and that's exactly what we did and what happened. And those aircraft will obviously sell off here in the very near future.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, we're at a deficit of about $1.3 billion. So the obligation is about $7 billion and the assets at $5.7 billion or so.
Frank T. Connor: Yes. I mean, it was really year-over-year on a quarterly basis. And what -- we typically do see some kind of inflationary headwind relative to price, particularly the Caltex business, and we look to offset that with performance. And so that can kind of jump around quarter-to-quarter. We also, under our Caltex contracts, recover some elements of cost inflation, but there can be a lag to doing that. And so we do get some quarterly fluctuation in that and so we just had some fourth quarter fluctuation. But generally, between kind of performance and price, we're able to offset the inflation and that's what you'd see if you look at the full-year results for Industrial. And then for the quarter, it was between $6 million and $7 million, yes, but it was not a big number.
Frank T. Connor: Just to be clear, on the net versus what we called R&D before, they're the same. We just put the word net in there to clarify that it does not include those items that are reimbursed by third parties like the government.
Frank T. Connor: Yes, the way we think about the balance sheet is that we will handle those with cash. And kind of with that debt pay down, we will have a total debt level that is a level that we think is the right type of level for the business in its current size. And so the intent would be to pay that down and not refinance it.
