Reshma Kewalramani: Thank you, Michael. As we reach the halfway point in 2021, our business is performing exceptionally well, and is very well-positioned for the future. Our CF franchise is strong and growing. During the second quarter, we reached a number of new reimbursement agreements with the triple combination, as well as other CFTR modulators in our portfolio, including in major markets like France and Italy, earlier than expected. These reimbursement agreements are occurring in a timeframe that is far quicker than is typical for OUS markets. And importantly, we are achieving reimbursements at levels which are robust and reflect the value of our CF medicines. We also secured regulatory approval for the triple combination in the six to 11 age group for the U.S. Taken together, these additional reimbursement agreements and regulatory approvals provides thousands of new patients with access to our medicines. As such, we're raising our 2021 guidance range by $500 million to a range of $7.2 billion to $7.4 billion, reflecting 18% year-over-year growth at the midpoint of the range. But our work in CF is not done. There are still more than 30,000 people with CF who are yet to be treated. And by reaching these patients, we see continued significant growth for the CF business. With regard to the pipeline, progress is accelerating across the portfolio. We now expect to achieve targeted enrollment in both CTX001 studies in Q3. We have initiated the VX-548 Phase 2 program in acute pain. We are on track to begin the Phase 3 next in class triple combination program in CF shortly.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hi, Mike. The question you asked is about the VX-147 program, for others on the phone this is the APOL1-mediated FSGS program that is currently in Phase 2 and we are on track to readout the Phase 2 results in the second-half of this year. The way I see this program, Mike, and what we're really looking for is safety for sure. It's a Phase 2 program. And on the efficacy side, you're right, it is about percent reduction in proteinuria. And we are looking for double digit reduction in proteinuria because at those levels, it's meaningful. And it is correlated with improvements in GFR, and the hard endpoints of time to ESRD. As with all of our programs, Mike, we have a portfolio approach here. I am excited to see these results. The community, physicians, as well as patient groups, and the regulators, particularly in the U.S. have had multiple workshops and conferences over the last several years. And the regulators have expressed openness for proteinuria to be the regulatory enabling endpoint. Now, whether that's an accelerated approval, whether that's a full approval, all of that, obviously will need to be discussed as we progress the program and have those discussions with the regulators. But I've been really pleased with how the regulators have thought about it and the fact that this is indeed a genetically defined renal disease, and what the regulators have often talked about is a homogeneous proteinuric kidney disease. And that that is what this is. So I feel optimism for proteinuria to be the regulatory enabling endpoint. And obviously, that makes for a more efficient trial.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me take the CTX001 question first. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are now looking to achieve completion of target enrollment in Q3. So that's really a very near-term completion of the targeting enrollment. So what we're really looking at now, and I've described before, as we've had these conversations with regulators, and we do have the benefit of really virtually every regulatory designation one can imagine, so we've had the opportunity to have productive discussions with the agency. It's about the size of the filing package. It's about the duration of follow up and the CMC manufacturing controls, I'd like to say, achievement enrollment is really short-term. So it's about the duration of follow up and CMC manufacturing. I do expect that we're going to bring those discussions to a conclusion in the next coming months. And I do anticipate filing to be possible in the next or let's call it 18 to 24-months. So that's really what it looks like on CTX001. On the Phase 3 next in class CF program, we've gone through our discussions with the regulators. We've had our end of Phase 2 meetings. And this trial design that you see reflects those considerations and those discussions. I will point out that as I look at the VX-121 data there are three really important elements that stand out to me. The first is that in our HBEF , and you know that our HBE assays translate very well into the clinic, not only qualitatively but quantitatively, singularly or in combination, so one to one alone or in combination with tezacaftor 561. The results are in our HBEs that one to one is more efficacious, more efficacious than even TRIKAFTA. That's really saying something. And in the Phase 2 results, you can look at the sweat chloride, which is the real direct translation of chloride transport in vitro. And you can see that we're looking at numbers that are more like 45 to 45 millimolar with the one to one regimen versus 33 to 39. That's what we saw in Phase 2 with the TRIKAFTA regimen. And then of course, ppFEV1, which is more variable, but even that has indications for being better than TRIKAFTA. So while the primary endpoint is non-inferiority, I see a lot of optimism in these data to even have the potential to be better than TRIKAFTA.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, it's a great question, Geoff. And let me set it up for you and then I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on market dynamics. And then I'll come back and address your question about the pipeline and how we see that going. What I see to start with is, I really see continued significant growth for many years to come in our CF franchise. And I'm going to ask Stuart to outline those dynamics for why I say that.
Reshma Kewalramani: The pipeline is progressing nicely, and I actually would say it's accelerating. And let me tell you why I say that, the pain program is now in Phase 2 for the bunionectomy study and in parallel and very shortly we're going to start up the abdominoplasty study. The CTX001 program, as I said in my prepared remarks, that one is going to achieve target enrollment in Q3 now. And when I think about VX-147 that is absolutely on track to have results in the second-half of this year. And when I put all of that together, it looks like a really important next six to nine months in terms of not only data readouts, but the opportunity to advance to milestones in each of these programs. And that's not even talking about the programs that are in late preclinical development or in Phase 1. So we are investing heavily in our pipeline. It is because the pipeline is accelerating, and there are many opportunities for us to get to the next important milestones in clinical development. I would be remiss if I didn't say a word about VX-880. This is the naked cells only approach. This one is a Phase 1/2 trial, and I would think about this one as similar to CTX001, in that reasonably small number of patients in a reasonably efficient timeframe will really tell us what we have. And so that was another one that I think is going to be important to keep our eyes on and to invest behind.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Salveen with regard to CTX001, we really have had the opportunity to have multiple discussions with the regulators, not just on what the potential filing package could look like, in terms of the clinical data, sample size, et cetera, but also on CMC and manufacturing. And we have a very good understanding of what the agency both here and outside the U.S. would like to see in terms of potency assays and release essays. And that work is going very well. In terms of the mRNA program, you know that we have multiple programs for the last 10% of our CF patients, the most advanced of which is the mRNA program in partnership with Moderna. There's really two components here. It's the mRNA construct itself, and it's also delivery. We have made solid progress on both of those. And I would say the important one is on delivery. A little too early for me to give you timing for when that would enter the clinic, but I will say that the progress has been very good. And I'm feeling very optimistic about our ability to get to that last 10% of patients, maybe even compared to six months ago.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure thing, Robyn. Let me start with pain. I'm really excited about our pain program. You know that we have a program in NaV1.8 that's the one that's furthest ahead. In our discovery and preclinical research we also have programs in NaV1.7. The reason I'm particularly excited about NaV1.8 is it's a genetically validated target for sure. But it's also pharmacologically validated by our very own VX-150. The molecule that's in the clinic now VX-548 really is all the attributes we were looking for in terms of potency, as well as in drug like properties, BDIs, manufacturability, et cetera. So this one really looks very exciting to us. It's already in the bunionectomy study that is up and running as a Phase 2 proof of concept study. The abdominoplasty is right behind it and that should start up very shortly. We are also interested in pursuing peripheral neuropathic pain in the NaV1.8 area. And the reason for that is because again, our VX-150 molecule had positive proof of concept data, not only in acute pain, but also in neuropathic pain. So, that one is another study that's coming. With regard to acute pain, the studies are very short in duration because it's a procedure like a bunionectomy, you have treatment that is over a couple of days and so the results can be obtained in a reasonably efficient timeframe. I expect that the bunionectomy results will be ready by let's say the tail end of this year, beginning part of next year, abdominoplasty results thereafter. So that's really how I would have been capsulate the pain program. With regard to the Galapagos data maybe Galapagos AbbVie data, Robyn, I'd rather focus on our portfolio and tell you about how I see our portfolio. And maybe the best way to summarize it is VX-121 561 tezacaftor holds the potential to bring greater patient benefit than even TRIKAFTA, its once daily dosing, which I think adds a level of convenience for our patients. And in all honesty, the greatest threat to TRIKAFTA, the greatest competitor to TRIKAFTA in terms of the most advanced is our very own VX-121 561 tezacaftor.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Cory, with regard to the study, you're right. For the regulatory enabling endpoint, it is a non-inferiority study, and that non-inferiority is on ppFEV1. You're also correct that the royalties go from low double digits with TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO to low single digits. Let me just take a step back, though, and help maybe everyone on the phone line understand our perspective on the one to one program, and why we're really doing this. So, our long standing goals in CF have been threefold. First, bring forward a medicine that can treat up to 90% of patients with cystic fibrosis, give that a check, that's TRIKAFTA, KAFTRIO. Second, get patients who can benefit from CFTR modulators to the highest levels of efficacy. And the way we've discussed that is to bring patients that carrier levels of sweat chloride. And that's really important because as those levels when you look at carriers of cystic fibrosis, they really have no manifestation of disease. And when you look at our own data, other published data, it is absolutely true that the better the sweat chloride results, which is a reflection of CFTR function, the better the outcomes for our patients. And the third big goal has been to get to the last 10% of patients. The VX-121 561 tezacaftor program is all about that big goal number two. Get patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. And certainly, it is the case that some patients on TRIKAFTA can get there. But we are looking to get many, many more patients to those levels, if not all patients, and that is VX-121 561 teza. And as I reviewed from what we see in the HBE cells, in terms of chloride transport, sweat chloride from the Phase 2 studies, and even ppFEV1, all these measures point us in the direction that this is possible with VX-121 561. And of course, we're busy in the labs working on even more efficacious molecules.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure thing, Lisa, in our Phase 2 study we are looking at patients who have APOL1-mediated FSGS with two APOL1 . And we are looking for patients with heavy amounts of proteinuria. We are allowing patients to be on background therapy. And we are looking for the double digit percent reduction of proteinuria that I was talking about earlier, on top of whatever background therapy our patients may be coming into our trial with.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Brian, we are going to be conducting the study in the usual countries, U.S., European countries, the standard. Remember, both the studies in the VX-121 program are compared to TRIKAFTA or KAFTRIO, so this is not placebo controlled. So patients are going to be an active therapy in either arm, that obviously makes it a lot easier for patients to enroll into this study. With regard to impact on revenues for TRIKAFTA, no, we don't see any impact on revenues to TRIKAFTA. And with regard to how did we select the dose, how did we think about this program, we shared with you the results from the Phase 2 study. And as is the case with all of our programs, we take all of that data, we do quite a bit of modeling and simulation to settle on the best dose that maximizes efficacy, and has the greatest benefit risk profile. I think that's exactly what we've done with the regimen that we've selected. And as I mentioned, on my response to one of the other questions, what I see in these data with the regimen that we're selecting is in vitro chloride transport that is even better than TRIKAFTA. What chloride levels, which is the most approximate translation of chloride transport, so the sweat chloride levels in our Phase 2 trial that are higher than what we saw with TRIKAFTA. And ppFEV1, which you know, has greater variability that is also showing us potential to be better than TRIKAFTA. I have to say what is obvious, TRIKAFTA is a great medicine. What we saw in the clinical trials has been recapitulated in the real world. You heard Stuart talk about the longer-term data with TRIKAFTA that is just continues to look excellent. But we think we have something that might be even better than that with VX-121 561 tezacaftor, and I'm really looking forward to the Phase 3 results.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. All great questions about the APOL1-mediated FSGS program. Let me start with the clinical trials and the enrollment and such. First and foremost, we are on track to have results in this calendar year in this second-half of the year. It has been a study that has taken some time to enroll, and I'm not surprised about that. The factors that we need to think about are, remember, the study started right in the midst of the pandemic, actually right when the pandemic was hitting a real high point in terms of case numbers here in the U.S. The second is that this is a disease for which we don't routinely employ genetic testing in renal medicine. So it takes a little bit of time to find the patients, genetically test them and have them enroll in our studies. And the third thing is APOL1-mediated FSGS is the smaller of the spectrum of APOL1-mediated kidney disease and the APOL1-mediated FSGS patients, because it's a smaller component, they are spread across the U.S. and they don't necessarily live close to a testing center. And so that was particularly difficult in the pandemics. With regard to what we are looking for, we are looking for percent decreases in proteinuria. And I think double digit decreases in proteinuria in this Phase 2 study, which is a first-in-class molecule for this genetically validated target would be just excellent. And the question around what is the agency looking for and such, it really depends on the kidney disease of interest. We are looking at a homogeneous kidney disease, it is all genetically defined. And I think that that falls into a category in and of itself. And as I said that there is no precedent for this, we are the first to bring a targeted of therapy for APOL1-mediated kidney disease. But I do think a percent reduction in the double digits would be very, very meaningful.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, really, really great questions, Brian, and thank you for those. I'm really happy to talk about the type 1 diabetes programs. I'm sure you can hear from the enthusiasm in my voice, it's one of the ones that is really holds enormous potential for patients. So let's just start at the very top of the funnel, there are more than 2 million patients, 2 million patients with type 1 diabetes in the U.S. and Europe. So the potential to help patients is enormous when you look at it from that perspective. I'll take your second question first about encapsulation, I do think that it will be important to have the cells being encapsulated in a device, or in some way be immune evasive, so that you don't require immunosuppressives to be able to get to all of those patients. I think that the device approach is elegant, because it has the benefit of simplicity. That's not to say that it's a simple device, but it is to say that the cells encapsulated with this device, then don't require any further manipulation which is elegant. That all being said, we are very interested in all other approaches, and we are pursuing other approaches to immune evasion. The lead approach is with the cells encapsulated in the device. With regard to the cadaveric cells and the cells that are available currently, the big differentiator and this is really important to understand because it's fundamental. Those cells are cadaveric cells. And those cadaveric cells have all of the limitations that have made the procedure difficult for patients to undergo. That is to say quality and quantity of cells are limited. Our approach is a stem cell derived, fully differentiated, insulin producing islet cells. And that makes quantity not an issue and quality not an issue. And so, that's really the foundational difference between our approach and the other.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. I think you're asking about business development and how we’re doing and external innovation. Alethia, we have been and we remain today very focused on innovation, both internal and external. And we've talked in the past about our areas of interest and how we view this, namely in CF in tools to augment our toolbox and assets that fit our sandbox diseases. All of those stay exactly the same. Our R&D strategy encompasses both internal and external innovation. You have never seen us invest more in our internal innovation. Our pipeline has both sources of assets, from our own pipeline and what we brought in from acquisitions like Semma and Exonics, and partnerships like CRISPR, and Moderna. And you should expect us to continue in the same way.
