Ian Smith: Okay, Geoff, how you doing? I think I got all five of those questions, seriously. So, let’s start – and if I miss any please take me back. So, first of all, why guidance? Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do think it’s important to give the investors and analysts a good understanding of the cash inflows that are coming into our business and then how we choose to reinvest them versus align them to drop to the bottom line. The key line items in terms of those coming into our business are in the INCIVEK net revenues. We feel as though we have a good understanding of the hepatitis C market and the range that we gave of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion is a range that we’re confident of achieving in 2012. Other line items on the revenue though, it’s a little more difficult, because we’re at the earlier stages of launches of products. So, the KALYDECO revenue stream for 2012 we have to see how that goes and then also the same with INCIVO, which is of course INCIVEK in Europe but that’s also at its early stage of the launch. As we go through the year, we get a better understanding, we may provide further guidance. Those are two line items that could provide significant cash inflow to the business. And as we go through the year, then, we may give further guidance on those line items. But at this stage, it’s just feels too early. From an expense base, clearly the trajectories in our business of R&D which have been questioned a number of times; we want to give the guidance on how we’re managing the business financially on the investment side and as you see the total operating expense guidance that we’re giving. It is a 10% increase on the prior year but from an SG&A perspective, it is being held fairly constant to 2011. There is slight growth in the R&D side but that’s because of the progression and advancements of development programs. So, we wanted to give that kind of financial structure to the business and that’s the reason we gave the guidance and we have the confidence to give that guidance. To your other questions, you asked about the INCIVEK trajectory. I assume you are comparing it to the Q4 number. We were fortunate in Q4 to benefit from this rapid uptake following launch where there was a high volume of patients flowing into the system, which we clearly benefit from a revenue perspective, as we went into the fourth quarter. As we go into 2012, we’re establishing where we believe the run rates of the patients are flowing through the system, and that’s reflected in our guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. I would point out we did benefit early on by patients that were waiting for therapy, then came our approval and they came into the system. We do feel as we give guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion that we have the confidence of achieving that. As far as the other revenue, as I mentioned, those are the INCIVO royalty revenues and also the KALYDECO revenues. Expenses in terms of how the business performs through the year – we’re holding ourselves accountable internally to the numbers that we’ve provided to you. So, we do not see those flexing, and we have a number of programs internally ongoing in the company that maintain those expenses and in some parts of our business, actually take the expense away. As far as the gross margin on the products, we see it remaining fairly similar to 2011. We’ve always mentioned that the gross margins for the products we sell should be above 90%, including the royalties that are attached to some of those products. So, we’re still in good shape, as we go into 2012 on the gross margins of the two products that are now in the market.
Ian Smith: Hi, Rachel, it’s Ian. So, the royalties from INCIVO in the fourth quarter were approximately $16 million. There is a little bit of stocking in there but it’s also right at the beginning of the approvals and launches of INCIVO in the various European countries. It has been approved in the major European countries now, we would anticipate that the run rate of that royalty to pick up significantly, frankly, as we go into 2012.
Ian Smith: Sure. I appreciate the question. I actually appreciate you pointing it out, something financially we’re actually very proud of. So, we have a number of initiatives as I mentioned in answer to an earlier question within our business where we’re looking at processes and efficiencies and we have set ourselves some objectives and we are going to be going about some things different this year than we have in the past. And we expect those to result in expense savings. There have also been a few costs that have been of a one-time nature in 2011 that we will no longer be incurring. But we are at that stage of our business where we have gone through our business, how we operate, look at processes and we’re trying to find out how we can operate our business efficiently, while maintaining our priority and key focus on investment and R&D that will drive the future of the company. And that’s – I appreciate you asking the question because it’s coming through in the SG&A line.
Ian Smith: Yes, thanks for the question. Couple of questions there. First of all, we don’t comment on potential business development type transactions. All I would say that if there is something that is interesting for our business and makes financial sense, we’ll give it consideration. As far as the tax rate concern, I understand your question, it is a little confusing. The number that you’re referring to is actually the tax line that we have to consolidate from Alios and it’s actually not our taxes. The accounting for Alios is that we actually have to consolidate Alios into our financial statements. We then remove them on the bottom line. So, it’s actually not our tax line item. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we actually have NOLs that allow us to offset the income that we make and our tax obligations are actually minimal. So, cash tax obligations are minimal. We do have some small state taxes but it really is minimal. If you look to the non-GAAP financials that we disclosed in our press release, you’ll see that the true – kind of the true tax cash rate.
Ian Smith: Okay. There was – in terms of – if you measure from September 30 through to December 31 and look at the levels of inventory, it was negligible change, Howard. So, it didn’t have an impact on the revenue recognition.
Ian Smith: There have been pieces within our revenue line where third parties have been buying INCIVEK for their own clinical trial. But as you might expect, it’s – a majority of sales are to patients.
Ian Smith: Thanks for the question. I’ll start by saying that if we have the opportunity to run a Phase 3 with these drugs and these diseases, I think, that’s a rare opportunity for a company. So, you can see where we’re leaning as a business. And the hardest thing to do is actually get the molecule all the way through ready to start the Phase 3 in these diseases. So, if we are successful with the next stages of these two compounds that you refer to, we look forward to running a Phase 3. We think we have the capacity in our business both from resources and financial resources to run this through a Phase 3 and they’re big opportunity for us. And as if we look into the future, if we have the ability to run those Phase 3, what it says is, we actually have that opportunity for continued revenue growth in the middle and latter part of this decade. As far as considering the compounds going outside of the company, we don’t comment on those kind of transactions. We are running the studies as Peter has mentioned and Jeff has mentioned and we look forward to getting the results from them.
Ian Smith: Sure. So, have a little patience on this. If we don’t get through it, Ted, then I’ll certainly catch up with you off-line on the taxes, but I’ll just ask you to refer to the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP and what you’ll see on the left-hand side where you’ve got the GAAP numbers, you will see a provision for income taxes. And somebody mentioned earlier, that is up around 10%-ish. But that actually is a somebody else’s tax line that we’re consolidating unfortunately. When we do our reversals for the Alios transaction and other kind of deferred type tax assets, we end up with minimal taxes. That is the tax position and the cash tax position of the business and it’s because of the NOLs. The NOLs aren’t just federal NOLs, we have state NOLs as well. So, we take advantage of those. As you think about a cash tax for our business, certainly as we work through the $3 billion worth of NOLs, they will continue, the cash taxes will continue to be minimal in our business. So, I would just ask you to take a look at that GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, as I say, we can do it off-line. As far as the INCIVO milestones are concerned, we did have milestones that were recorded earlier in the year and we actually reversed those at the non-GAAP and I think those were reported if I remember correctly in Q3. And that’s why they do not show up in Q4 – yeah, the milestone that came in in Q4 was the Mitsubishi milestone and you’ll see that, that $65 million.
Ian Smith: Ying, I always appreciate your accuracy of comparing 5% to 6%. I mean internally we are very focused on that, but I’m not going to go beyond the comments that I made earlier. I think the past cost of goods line is a pretty good indicator of how 2012 will go as well.
Ian Smith: Sure. I’ll take the latter first, Liisa, thanks. Which is the stocking between September 30 and December 31, there was minimal change, so there wasn’t a change in the levels of inventory at the wholesaler, so, it didn’t really have an impact on the revenues that we recorded in the fourth quarter. As far as the gross to net adjustment is concerned on KALYDECO, we explained this on the call the other day which is that this is primarily driven by the split in patients which are either on commercial insurance or supported through the government. We anticipate this market is split 60/40, 60% being commercial insurance and 40% being government and there is minimal discounting, minimal discounting on the commercial side. And on the government side, there is a statutory or mandatory discounting that ranges between 15% and 25%, which will give you an idea of if you blend those patient flows, it will give you an idea of the gross to net adjustment.
Ian Smith: So, I actually don’t have the gross sales number available, David. But if the question is referring to what was the gross to net discount in the fourth quarter...
Ian Smith: ...it was slightly above that of the third quarter. It approximated 13% – approximated. The reason why I give that number is it gives you an indication of how we go into 2012. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we anticipate a widening of the gross to net margin. That’s because we have more covered lives with our insurers these days, and we’re also maybe seeing more flow through the government channel as well. So, I give you as a marker, and as we go into 2012, the gross to net adjustment is built into the guidance we gave of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion.
Ian Smith: Well, Dan, I’ll start with INCIVEK. We gave guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for 2012, and that incorporates a gross to net adjustment. That is the net INCIVEK revenues. In the fourth quarter, we were at a gross to net adjustment of around 13%. It may widen slightly from there into 2012, but not significantly. As far as the KALYDECO is concerned, the gross to net adjustment is made up of a mix of patients whether they’re commercially insured or supported by the government. On the commercial side, which we anticipate is maybe 60% of the cystic fibrosis patients, the discounting is minimal – really minimal. And then on the government side, there is a – which would be 40% of the patients, there is mandated and statutory discounts and support that is between 15% to 25%. So, I’m sure you can do the triangulation from there.
Ian Smith: So, a while ago – in fact, years ago, the collaboration we struck with Mitsubishi Pharma was actually we did not have royalties once the drug was on the market. It was actually a sales milestone. We received that sales milestone in the fourth quarter of 2011. It was $65 million, and that was recorded in the financial statements of this fourth quarter 2011.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I mean your second point is sort of our benchmarks for going forward into Phase 3. We’ve been asked this many times and it’s very hard to put an exact number on it. I think a lot will depend on what we see in the trial. Obviously, looking at sweat chloride results and lung function results and it’s just pretty hard to really pin ourselves down to something. And – yeah.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. There is specific subgroups. The majority of the trial is the homozygous patients and then there is one cohort of heterozygous patients and enrollment is obviously separately into those groups.
Robert Kauffman: Yeah. This is Bob. We are awaiting the results of the SVR4 data from the ribavirin triple. And clearly, that will be the most important piece of information that we get in order to decide whether to go forward. Obviously, the bar is set really quite high in the field for – certainly, for expectations for what SVR rates are and obviously, we’ll be looking to see that we have a competitive regimen based on the data that we obtain. We have multiple, potential non-interferon-based regimens and we will have to spend some time thinking about sort of allocating resources to those various options, including the ribavirin triple and then coming a little later in the year, the possibility of combinations with the Alios compounds. And there is a lot of mixing and matching within our own portfolio that we believe can occur. So, it’s going to be a bit of a complex equation but it will surely be data driven.
Robert Kauffman: So, in terms of – just one last comment is obviously the endpoints, of course, are likely to be the same as the ones we did for the 770 program. Those are the standard end points. In terms of 661, obviously that program is at an earlier stage and so the study is really looking at 661 individually in homozygous delta F patients and then 661 in combination with KALYDECO in the same patient population. And so, we’re kind of working our way through the monotherapy part of it and then we’ll be doing some of the combination work.
Peter Mueller: The other comment that I want to add, the decision is not solely on 809. We have two correctors, the other one is 661. It’s not a binary, yes or no. It is choosing the best regimen as we go forward. And we will get data in the course of the next couple of months to get a better insight, as Bob said, what that is. So, don’t see that stuff as an 809 type of event, see it as a broader approach to identify a viable regimen that treats this broad population.
Peter Mueller: So, I think, currently – so that’s Peter speaking, Matthew – in the U.S., that’s correct. There is currently about 100 patients on that will trickle off in the next – starting Q2 and lasting all into first quarter of 2013. And in Europe, it is set up, for now, sort of as an inpatient program with about 100 patients overall, but there’s not 100 on right now. It’s about 30 or so. That’s about what we have right now. But we are in negotiations with different countries and to see whether we can reach out there and launch the program.
Peter Mueller: And I might – so, that’s Peter speaking. So, with respect to your question of the earlier 770 and 809 study, I think, we didn’t release any data around PK in any specificity. However, I want to say, just to remind you, it was a viable regimen. It was safe. It was a safety study. And it basically has proven the concept or at least the mechanism to the point that we saw action on the channel which is basically proof that the target basically gets to the surface and does something. And the chosen dose at those days was maybe not high enough to see a therapeutically relevant outcome. It was sort of borderline. But we will – and that’s the part of the cohort II study – investigate different dose regimens in different concentrations and then basically have maybe a better inroad into that patient population.
Peter Mueller: So, let’s assume that data come positive, that’s always a good optimistic view. I think we cannot really 100% speculate what the design finally is because it needs regulatory authorities to approve that. We have to have a type C meeting to go into that and those discussions are basically partly ongoing and we will go from there. It is still to be determined how long those studies have to be and how much and how big the safety – the patient populations have to be to require particularly the safety database that is wanted. So, I can’t really speculate on that because you have to have on a case-by-case basis a regulatory interaction. And that you have to have that not just in U.S. but also globally. This is a global program and I think we have to align sort of regulatory views in the world and we are currently doing that.
Peter Mueller: Right. And the data you might expect sort of in the fourth quarter for 661 study in combination or alone with 770.
Peter Mueller: So, George, this is Peter speaking, the first is about duration and longevity of the KALYDECO activity and efficacy in patients. As you know, we have patients on trial which is sort of about 60 weeks to 90 weeks. And those are all basically still performing the same way as they did sort of when they kicked in the benefit of the regimen which is sort of after two weeks. So, it’s a long-lasting type of thing. Anecdotally, we also have patients that we know on KALYDECO now for up to three years and I think – and they are still performing well and actually, you also to look at the other way around. Some of those patients anecdotally had to basically, because of some other circumstances, let out KALYDECO for couple weeks in their regimen because of antibiotic situations and other things. And they deteriorated quickly down to from FAV 92 down to FAV 40 or so or even less. And then when they came back on KALYDECO, they’re basically reaching the high levels again that they had seen sort of beforehand. So, what that tells you is there is a true, long-lasting efficacy of that. I cannot say more than three years but that’s for a stage when you launch a product quite an amazing timeframe.
Peter Mueller: And I must say there is a high hope that it will last even longer. So, that’s – that’s to that point so it’s not like a one day (inaudible) when everything is over. So, it’s long-lasting, at least in my view. Now the other thing is the Alios compounds. Basically, as Jeff said, we will do a couple of different studies with them. So, there is a G1 population, obviously, the genotype 1A and B, which is sort of the first cohort that we basically look into. Those data you will see in the course of second quarter towards sort of midyear. We also are about to initiating another arm which has pan-genotypic regimens in there, so we will basically evaluate genotype 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and then all those so that we have real data and not just speculations. And then basically we also will look into let’s say a combination of each of them with ribavirin and see what that does and this will all come in the course of this year. And you will see it either maybe start the first set of data from our other all-oral regimen which is basically INCIVEK 222 and ribavirin. We might come at that point in time with some data. We’ll try at least as we are poor data and then as I said midyear, you will see what Alios does. I’m really convinced it will be exciting, and then comes ASOD. You have a bunch of other data that will help you to make a good judgment about that program. I’m really excited. Those molecules are behaving very well so far, and I’m looking forward for a good outcome.
Nancy Wysenski: Sure, Mike. This is Nancy. Actually, when we first launched the drug, we saw a slight tip toward the naïve patient group at about a 60/40 split and to date that really hasn’t changed. And I think that’s an indication of the fact that there are a good number of patients who are out there, who are still coming into offices that are seeking treatment from all types of backgrounds and contributes to some of the facts that Ian mentioned in our guidance for this year.
Nancy Wysenski: Great, Jason. Let me see if I can hit all that. So, first of all, on cystic fibrosis and KALYDECO; this is a very well-known patient community and as you know, the majority of them are children and they are in routine care at a predictable number around just slightly more than 110 CF centers across the United States. What that means is that they all show up for care at least once quarterly. And since the vast majority of them have already been genotyped, either the patient, their caregiver or the physician is clearly aware of which patients KALYDECO will be used in. You know we’ve heard a few early rumors that in some cases, they are actually canceling their routine clinic appointments in order to open up days just to be dedicated to bringing in these patients. But I think from those comments, you can probably begin to think through what that uptake is going to look like. Switching over to HCV, capacity and warehousing. Well, first of all, to talk about the market in general as it relates to capacity, last year as we launched, we saw a really huge spike in treatment because prior to the launch of the PI, there really weren’t any medications that were nearly as efficacious. So, what that meant was that we really had a jump and then some of the offices realized that stretched them a little too far and the general capacity has calmed down a little. Following that, we saw the holiday effect. We talked about that holiday effect in advance. I think what we saw was consistent with what we expected and what the historical use even with the pegylated-interferon showed. And then typically, what happens is in January, you see a re-stabilization and we believe that re-stabilization will – well, it’s already beginning to occur. It will continue and that – the slope of that curve for next year is going to again be consistent with what we’ve seen with the pegylated-interferon and being a pretty steady sort of state. In terms of warehousing, we’re not quite certain that we burned through all the warehousing that occurred prior to the launch of the PI. We see those patients continuing to come in. And although every physician makes some unique determinations in a patient’s first call – kind of, patient’s first visit – they tend to put a patient aside here or there. We don’t think that there is any significant impact from their thoughts about future therapies. And really, there is not that much information out there yet. So, it’s too early to even begin to think about quantifying an impact like that. But we’ll be watching it through the year and keeping you apprised as we see things develop differently.Jason Kantor – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Nancy Wysenski: Okay. Let me take the first part of that, Ying. That’s a great question. So, you’re right. There are two different issues around warehousing. And the comment that I made earlier when I was trying to explain is that when a patient comes in and a physician decides to treat, they always sort of triage them in their own mind and as they believe that there are new therapies that may come down the road, they begin to add those into their thinking. However, at this point in time, it’s really too early for us to think about any key quantitative impact from what we’re seeing in the market. And we believe that if there is any warehousing like that that has occurred, it’s really very minimal. So, we’re not very concerned about that at this point and our current view is baked into our guidance of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion.
