Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Geoff, this is Reshma. Let me take those questions. On the vanzacaftor triple, if you go back and look at all of the CFTR modulated labels, you'll see that we always have sweat chloride in the labels, and they are reflected because it is indeed a pharmacodynamic or PD marker. So I fully expect that the sweat chloride data from the vanza triple studies will be reflected in the label. Obviously, we are just at the point of having submitted the filing, so we're not at the point of label negotiations yet. But if history serves as a guide, I expect the sweat chloride will absolutely be in the label. On VX-548, Geoff, I think your question was about the DPN, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, study, but let me broaden the question about 548 and acute pain because that's the filing that we have already initiated the rolling submission. We've already submitted a few of the modules, and we expect, as I said in my prepared remarks, to complete the filing this quarter. We are submitting all of the data that we generated in acute pain, and the same will be true when it comes to the diabetic peripheral neuropathy data. And insofar as the acute pain Phase III results are versus placebo as the primary end point but there are data that have the opioid arm in there, I expect that it will be a discussion with the regulators about how exactly they want to display it. We are not at the point for the acute pain studies to have label negotiations and quite a bit far away from it for the DPN studies, which are just starting Phase III. But I will say that the reason we have a pregabalin arm in the Phase III DPN study is exactly for that reason, for us to be able to share the data with prescribers. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Thanks for that question, Jess. So just to set the stage, we see 3 distinct areas in pain: acute pain, neuropathic pain and then everything else. And in everything else, I would add, musculoskeletal pain. It's the kind of osteoarthritis kind of pain. We fully intend to serve all patients, and I fully do expect that our NaV1.8, and when the time is right, the NaV1.7 or the NaV1.7, 1.8 combinations, our pain assets, will serve patients with musculoskeletal pain. And I say that because, as you know, the predecessor molecule to VX-548, VX-150, already demonstrated that potential. But we want to go one step at a time here. So first, we're going to do acute and neuropathic pain, and we see the research development and commercialization is completely Vertexian. And then for the musculoskeletal pain, whether that's with VX-548, the next-in-class medicine, VX-993, or the ones that come after that, again, either NaV1.8 or NaV1.7 alone or in combination, any of those for musculoskeletal pain. We will get them to patients, but we will not be commercializing that ourselves because it is a primary care sell. But we do absolutely see value there, and we see a need to help those patients. But one step at a time. First, neuropathic and acute pain, and that, we will do ourselves. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Colin, let me break that up into 2 questions. One on inventory, which I will ask Charlie to comment on first, and then I'll come back on 993 and 973. 
Reshma Kewalramani: On 993, 973, Colin, this is all part of serial innovation. 993 is a little bit further ahead than 973 in terms of the preclinical package, the manufacturing and all of the things we need to do to get our medicines ready to go into Phase II. That's why that one is ready to go. 973 is just a little bit further behind. What are we looking for in terms of differentiation? There's really 2 major elements other than our overarching serial innovation strategy. But very specifically, one, we are looking for molecules that can be both oral and IV, VX-548 is oral only, because our goal here is to own the waterfront on pain management, including for those patients who may be just coming out of surgery or for other reasons, not able to take by mouth. The second big goal here is to ensure that we have medicines with the right drug-like properties that can be therefore combined with the NaV1.7, which is also making good progress in preclinical development. So that's what we're really looking for. And why 993 next? It's because it's a little bit further ahead. And 973, we're going to be working on just as soon as all of the data already there. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, on VX-548, fall meetings, shall we say. You should expect more data on 548 with those Phase III results. certainly not only in Congress form but in publications. So I'd say fall meetings. And let me ask Stuart to comment on CASGEVY in the Middle East. It is a really exciting opportunity for us. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, I will ask Stuart to comment on both CF in Brazil. You know that we have regulatory approval and reimbursement there as well as formulary discussions on suzetrigine. But just to make sure we are on the same page, the formulary discussions are separate from our discussions with policymakers. The common theme is that both of those stakeholders, and frankly, all of the stakeholders are very aware of the opioid crisis. They have high awareness of suzetrigine, and there is enthusiasm to using non-opioids. But those discussions are separate. Over to you, Stuart. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Olivia, this is Reshma. Let me take 1 and 3, and then I'll ask Stuart to take the question on where are we exactly with paying commercialization. On number 3, again, just to set expectations on CASGEVY. We're thrilled with the number of ATCs, 25 since approval, which has been in just the last few months, and we commented on the cell collection, but we're not going to comment any further on exactly where each one patient is in their journey. On VX-548 and acute pain, 3 things to say. Maybe the most important thing is we'll know whether or not we've received priority review in about -- after we complete the submission, and then it takes some 60 days or so for the FDA to tell us what the final review time lines will be. However, the leading indicators of whether or not we will get priority review are all quite favorable. We have Fast Track status, we have Breakthrough Designation and our conversations with the FDA have shown me that they have high enthusiasm for a medicine that has high efficacy and does not have addictive potential. I'll turn it over to Stuart for the question about where are we with the acute pain launch, and when we're going to be out there. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Debjit, let me take both of those. On DM1 or myotonic dystrophy type 1, we actually haven't had a chance to talk about it extensively. But this is a program that is in Phase I/II in patients. So we are going to have the opportunity in this study to not only assess safety, but to assess efficacy as well. With regard to what the agency might want to see for the endpoint for approval, the real answer is I don't know yet because we haven't gotten to that phase in the clinical trial. But your point around, is myotonia possible? Insofar as this is a disease that is a rare disease, a serious disease and one that doesn't have any therapies that target the underlying cause of the disease or very specifically works on the genetic defect, I think that opportunity is there. And I've seen -- and we've seen a lot of openness for accelerated end points in these kinds of rare serious diseases. On IgA nephropathy, so the most important thing to know about IgA nephropathy is that it's a serious chronic disease, and this is a disease that over time leads to decline in GFR and end-stage renal disease, death or transplantation. The most important thing that I would be looking at as a nephrologist is efficacy. Because proteinuria is known to translate to GFR and therefore, the decline in renal function, so if we have a medicine that has high reductions in proteinuria, and as I said in my prepared remarks, everything that we've seen from pove, preclinically and clinically through Phase II, is best-in-class across many dimensions, but certainly including efficacy. I think that's the drug that physicians will choose. 
Reshma Kewalramani: Let me take the IgAN question first, and then I'll ask Charlie to comment on CF. On IgAN, you are correct in pointing out that it's a dual inhibitor. It's an inhibitor of BAFF as well as APRIL. And this is one of the most attractive features of povetacicept is this dual inhibition. Yes, preclinically, we can certainly share when we have information, and you'll certainly see all of this with the fullness of time, the inhibition of BAFF and the measurement of that, and how we can show that preclinically. We can also do that with APRIL. However, I think the data that's more interesting is the clinical data which is already available, and that is with this dual APRIL, BAFF inhibitor on proteinuria, but I'd encourage you to look at the poster from the WCN meeting that Alpine showed. It has proteinuria results, it has hematuria results, it has GFR results, and it has a composite of remission. And I find those data very, very interesting, particularly the hematuria results clinically, because as you know, hematuria is a hallmark of this disease along with proteinuria. Let me turn it over to Charlie on the question about CF and U.S. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. So first thing I would say, Geoff, is remember, we are seeking a broad moderate to severe acute pain label so that the product could be used, if the physician decides and the patient wants to, for any type of acute pain, and so we're not really looking for a label that's looking to niches or pre-position us relative to other agents that are out there. We want physicians to have the broadest possible ability to use the product in the patients they see fit. As Reshma said, the primary endpoint, which talks to the really strong efficacy we see in moderate-to-severe acute pain, is clearly very important as is all the additional safety and tolerability data that we have to support VX-548 in combination with the fact that given its mechanism, it doesn't have addictive potential. So we're really looking at the full range of efficacy and safety, which I think is going to be the most important thing that's going to allow physicians to decide who they want to prescribe the product for. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Salveen, all of the stakeholders that you described are going to be important in making decisions on the use of a new medicine in the institutional setting. So administrators are certainly going to be important, but as are our physician advocates who are going to advocate based on the efficacy and safety of the medicine. And the process is a relatively standardized process. It's not going to be created newly for suzetrigine. This is a standard process that hospitals go through to decide whether they're going to put it on their formulary, and typically go through some sort of P&T committee process where all of the various stakeholders, be it physicians, be it the pharmacy team, be it the administrators, are all going to be making that decision collectively. They're particularly interested in the use, obviously, within the institutional setting. Use in the discharge setting is typically something which is a little bit more straightforward, and that's why I suggested in my prepared remarks that we see that as the likely setting where there is going to be the earliest uptake of a medicine like suzetrigine. In terms of some of the outcomes data that you were referring to, I think the clearest way of describing is every patient that is treated with suzetrigine when the other choice would have been an opioid is essentially providing opioid-sparing for that patient. So that data, in many ways, is kind of already sort of readily available just from the data that we've already shared, and I think that data in addition to all the other efficacy and safety data we've got is going to be pretty impactful and compelling to the various stakeholders we've described. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Only that we are expecting the momentum to build based on all of the feedback that we've got and the trends that we're seeing in activations and cell collections, as Reshma said. We're delighted to have had 5 cell collections already. As she also mentioned, that represents patients in every region in which we are operating, including obviously, the United States, and we expect those trends to continue to ramp up during the course of 2024, which we've always said was going to be a foundational year for CASGEVY. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, super exciting opportunity for us, Terence, which is why we provide a little bit more color on it. Specifically to answer your question, we don't provide pricing data at an individual country level, but suffice to say, the price we are receiving in the existing reimbursement agreements that we've signed there reflect the transformative value of the product and the lifetime benefits that patients can accrue from it. And that's going to be the same kind of philosophy we're going to have everywhere around the world where we're commercializing CASGEVY. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So just to add to that, Reshma, what I would say, Phil, is that the policy initiatives that we've seen so far are really looking at trying to reduce financial disincentives for patients and indeed for institutions to selecting a branded non-opioid in a market which is obviously currently dominated by generic opioids. And so that's why things like NOPAIN, which is providing an additional payment above the DRG in the outpatient and ambulatory surgical center setting, is important there. And then on the patient side, the Alternatives to PAIN Act is looking at in Medicare Part D, ensuring that there are no co-pay disadvantages to a patient for using a branded non-opioid in a market where there are already generic opioids. So I'd say that's the kind of the policy landscape. Those are kind of slightly different discussions that we're having with the institutions and the stakeholders there, which were much more clinically based on whether this is the right medicine to be using in the patients who are being prescribed and dispensed medicines in the institutional setting. So that's how I would describe the difference between the conversations. They're obviously linked in some ways, but they are -- they have a different focus from the policy side to the institutional side. 
Stuart Arbuckle: I can't really speculate on exactly what's going to happen with, for instance, 2,000 institutions. But my hope would be that, that's not what's happening. I don't think it's very reasonable to expect a patient to have to step through a therapy which has significant side effect liability, including addictive potential, when there is a product available, which has very good efficacy from a pain control perspective and has an excellent safety and tolerability profile, including lack of addictive potential. So I don't think that would be something that we would -- certainly wouldn't be advocating and I don't think would be particularly medically reasonable. I didn't answer the second part of your question, which was around Brazil. We estimate there's around 1,500 patients who are eligible for TRIKAFTA. That's 6 and over in Brazil. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a number of those patients did already have access to TRIKAFTA through named patient sales, but we now have a reimbursement agreement with the national government there, which is going to allow us to launch the medicine and make it available for all of those patients now. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So the recruitment of our teams is going very well. Obviously, we are in the middle of our rolling submission here. Obviously, once we've completed that, we'll get an indication from the regulators on when we could expect our PDUFA date to be, and we are going to be launch ready. In terms of the question around revenue recognition, this is unlike CASGEVY, I would say, which has an extended treatment process where revenue recognition is at infusion. This is a small molecule, and therefore, we're going to be kind of selling and distributing it in the normal way. And so there really isn't going to be that kind of lag, I would suggest, around revenue recognition that people are aware of with CASGEVY. 
