Stuart Arbuckle: As I'll take the first question, Phil, on the step-up in revenues. It's actually this was driven by a number of things. It was the ongoing launches of SYMDEKO here in the U.S. and SYMKEVI outside the U.S., most notably in Germany, where those were driven fantastic performance. So that's led to the growth of SYMDEKO SYMKEVI. And while cannibalized some of our ORKAMBI revenues, we've actually received a number of new approvals for lower range ranges for ORKAMBI and KALYDECO over the last few quarters.And as those launches are being executed, that's adding new patients in both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI as well. So, it really is a combination of expanded labeled indications for our all the ORKAMBI and KALYDECO and then the successful launch of SYMDEKO around the world.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Cory, once-daily is an advance for sure, and we certainly want to try and make things as easy as possible for patients to take on medicines, but much more important is the efficacy and safety of the triple-combination regimen.So, it's definitely an advantage. It's something we want to do to try and make things as easy as possible for our patients. But going from twice-a-day to once-a-day is nowhere near as important as the levels of efficacy that we are delivering with the triple-combination regimens. And then, AAT, I'll hand it back to Reshma.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Jeff. So, SYMDEKO here in the U.S., in the 12-plus population, we are about 18 months into that launch now. That launch has gone spectacularly well. The vast, vast majority of F508del homozygous patients are now being treated with either SYMDEKO or ORKAMBI because there are a large number of patients who have chosen to remain on ORKAMBI.So, that launch is going to vary kind of long in its life cycle, and as you know the life cycle of our launches in CF is pretty short. The uptake tends to be fairly vertical. And obviously we're earlier in the launch in ex-U.S. markets.But as Charlie said in his prepared remarks, the launch, for instance, in Germany is going tremendously well. And there, we are now over 80% of F508 homozygous patients are being treated with a CFTR modulator, either ORKAMBI or increasingly, SYMKEVI.So, the launch is in the 12-plus population, going very well, and that's largely what's driven the strong revenue growth this quarter. In terms of the number of patients who might transition, hard to predict until we get out there in the real world, but certainly, given the strength of the clinical data that we have in terms of the additional clinical benefit patients see from adding in a third product, our second corrected to SYMDEKO, I think the demand is likely to be really, really strong.Those levels of efficacy are truly, truly incredible. And certainly, the feedback we've had from the position of patient community, both directly and also through research, would suggest that we're going to see very high levels of uptake.In fact if anything, it's likely going to be most constrained by the actual capacity of the CF centers to be able to make that transition, rather than position in the patient interest in getting on to the triple.
Reshma Kewalramani: So, this is Reshma. With regard to your question about VX-814, that's the first small molecule corrector we've taken into AAT. We have completed the Phase I study, which is the status single-ascending dose and multiple ascending dose and what we saw there was a profile that looked really good from a safety and tolerability point of view. That was of course the primary endpoint but also importantly, around the PK.With regard to what we're going to do in Phase II, obviously we need to have our discussions with the regulators, but what I can tell you is that I expect the study to be of a very reasonable size and of a very reasonable duration, not dissimilar to what you've seen us do with CF. And I say that because what we're going to be measuring is AAT levels and activity.
Reshma Kewalramani: So, Salveen, you know that the data point that's available to us right now, it pertains to the infusion therapies and what they used in their Phase III programs and what their approvals were based on even the AAT levels. And that's a data point, and that's what's available to us. What I foresee here in terms of our AAT program are a few points I just want to make sure I highlight. One, this is a small molecule oral corrector, so that's important, this is oral.The second is that certainly for the long liver move -- sorry, for the lung AAT levels activity will be important. And for the liver, I do expect that we're going to evaluate liver biopsies in Phase II and that we will need to have discussions with regulators regard to how that fits into the label and what that program looks like. Let me ask Jeff to make a comment as well.
Reshma Kewalramani: Thanks for that. So, maybe let me talk about AAT and our level of confidence with regard to the assay and our approach. So, with regards to the assay, that was pretty simple. The assays for levels is--
Reshma Kewalramani: I'll try and speak over the noise. The assay with regard to AAT levels, that was pretty simple. That's a commercially available, readily accessible assay 4 levels. With regard to activity, that one is also well worked through. It's analyzer and that is not something that we think is going to be particularly complicated.With regard to confidence, obviously, unlike CF, which has already gone through our preclinical assays and through the clinic, so we can look back and make those correlations, with AAT, we have yet to go into patients.That being said, the reason we have confidence and the reason I'm very excited about taking this forward to Phase II is the animal models we have remember has the human gene inserted into it. And whether we look at levels or activity in the mouse or we look at the liver and particularly, as we look at the liver over time, it just continues to impress us and raise our levels of confidence.
Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. So, with regard to AAT, VX-814 and VX-864, pre-clinically, they both look very good, and obviously, we look at parameters pertaining to efficacy as well as safety, but there are also additional parameters that we pay careful attention to pre-clinically. Those include things like formulation, DDI, PK, and both VX-814 and VX-864 look really very good.The reason we're taking multiple molecules into the clinic is what we've learned, honestly, from CF. And what we've learned is once you crack the biology, it really is about pouring on the chemistry. And it serves as risk mitigation as we progress forward. So, both 864 and 814 look very good, and we're going to be moving those as quickly as possible.
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. FSGS. So, with regard to what could the regulatory endpoint be, and could it be proteinuria? I guess there are a few important points to raise. The first is that, not all proteinuria is created equal. And what I mean by that is regulators around the globe have actually thought about this issue and have handled workshops, and this is something that is often discussed in the renal community.And really, where we are is that there are certain homogeneous real diseases that lead to heavy proteinuria. And in those sorts of conditions, proteinuria may well be an endpoint that is the one that is important in the long run.Now, there are many other diseases that are far more heterogeneous with levels of proteinuria that are smaller, and that's a different kettle of fish. We have to go through our regulatory interactions. We have to have these discussions, and we're not there yet. But what I will say is that not all proteinuria is created equal.And in my mind, when you're looking at a homogeneous disease, a disease like APOL1-mediated FSGS, which is a genetically-defined condition, it is a very described patient population, and the proteinuria that we're talking about is heavy with the consequence invariably being progression of the kidney dysfunction or progression to end-stage renal disease, which really means dialysis or transplantation, that there's a lot of conversation to be had around proteinuria being the endpoint. I hope that helps.
Reshma Kewalramani: I think your second question was around VX-814 and some clinical trial postings and such. What you can expect to see from us is the same level of urgency that we worked on CF with AAT. And so you're right, we are starting to really mobilize our clinical trial efforts. And you may well see some postings for patient recruitment. I would anticipate that the data event with regard to when can we see some data from people with ZZ -- the ZZ mutation, I would say that that's likely to be a 2020 event.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. This is Reshma. I think you're asking a few different questions about what do we understand about APOL1 in our models? And what do we understand about how VX-147 works? And so in general, we feel quite good, and we have data in our models with both G1 and G2. So, I do expect that when we go to the clinic and treat patients with APOL1-mediated FSGS that it would be all comers of APOL1-mediated disease.With regard to what do we expect to see in -- with our inhibition? We haven't taken this to humans yet so it's difficult to say. But what I can tell you is that in our animal models, we have seen good preclinical safety, good PK, and the data we've shown you on this slide, very good reductions in protein levels.
Reshma Kewalramani: As you know, the Phase I SAD/MAD study, the primary endpoint for that is going to be safety and tolerability. The key secondary endpoint is going to be PK. And when we get to our dose-ranging study is when we're really going to start to see the impact on proteinuria.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I think the second part of your question, Salveen, which is related to first is how does this compare to other approaches. Maybe just to remind you that AAT escalation says is both a lung disease and a liver disease. The mutant protein is that accumulate to the liver and therefore causes significant liver disease and up to 30% of patients. And obviously, it doesn't get into the serum in an active form and so it doesn't protect the lung against out of digestion by protease. There's two different that are involved in really successful treatment of the disease will require treatment of both liver and lung.This approach, as Reshma side, is a small molecule which has distinct and sort of differentiated advantage of treating both by refolding the protein in the liver and clearing the liver. Now, we believe it will have a positive effect on the liver disease and of course by refolding the protein to an active form of the serum, we expected to have a positive effect in the lung.And I think you can see why we're enthusiastic about that. If you look at our slides, this time, we've shown the 814 in the past, this time we showed you 864, which is the next molecule for a longer period of time for 12 weeks now. What you see in that slide, in the mouse model, is actually expressing the human mutant protein is two important things. One, we're able to drive functional levels of AAT in the serum well into the carrier range quickly and that affected sustained over 12 weeks at that if anything had increased as we go through the 12 weeks.And two, with 12 weeks of therapy, we're really able to see remarkable clearing of the liver, both the non-aggregated forms of the -- and aggregated forms, which are the forms. And so those are exactly the things -- recently excited, exactly the things that we want to look for in the human.Most of the other approaches out there as you know either treat the lung so, for instance, the replacement therapy or they treat the liver, for instance, the antisense or knockdown therapies that are out there.But they don't treat both and so the reason we're so excited about is it's a small molecule approach that treats both at least in their mouse model, and that's what we'll be looking for as Reshma described in the Phase III studies which can be a fairly small number patient for a fairly short period of time.
Jeff Leiden: And then, Mike, the other thing as you know, is that we know from sort of experiments of nature that carriers, meaning the parents of these patients, are asymptomatic, and they have reduced levels anywhere from sort of 11 to 17 micromolar. Certainly by the time we get to 17 micromolar, there's a lot of evidence that's highly protected. So, we know the level that we're looking for in advance.And as Reshma said, simply by measuring levels of active AAT in these Phase II patients, we had a pretty good idea of where we are with respect to treatment efficacy and carrier levels.
Jeff Leiden: So, Alethia, with respect to how we think about pain sort of strategically and commercially, which I think is your question. We said in the past, we really view it as multiple indications, even, potentially, multiple causes. But we feel there's acute pain, which is the kind of pain that you have when you have a surgery or a tooth extraction or an injury. That pain is treated mostly -- not entirely, but mostly, in hospitals, pain centers, Dental offices, et cetera, and you can reach most of those patients with a specially sales question.So, we view acute pain, which is the multibillion dollar opportunity, as something that's certainly consistent with our Vertex strategy of making transformative drug in the specialty area. And obviously, the other driver in acute pain is that we're sitting in the middle of a horrible opioid crisis, and the majority of the pain treatments for acute pain are opioids.So, we think having a molecule, like 150 or 961, that would have opioid-like efficacy without any of the indicative potential or side effects would be very powerful transformative advance in the treatment of acute pain. That one we really developed and commercialized ourselves.If you move on to neuropathic pain, which is the second type of pain, very, very different. There's a diabetic and nondiabetic component there. It's also a specialty market; it requires slightly more -- slightly larger sales force, but certainly one we could muster. And the key there is going to be to demonstrate that one of our molecules is superior for the molecules out there, like [Indiscernible] et cetera, which as you know, are going generic. And so we're doing those studies as part of our Phase II program. And then we'll be able to decide what the commercial strategy is there.And then the third area is what we call musculoskeletal pain. It's what you would think of as low back pain, sciatica. It's a huge market, as you know, a multibillion market. That's a community market, for the most part, and that's a market that we would not enter ourselves. We are looking -- we have positive results in that market, but that's one where we would look to partner with a company that had a community sales force that we would not intend to build.We still think we can monetize this with them, but we wouldn't -- we certainly wouldn't do it ourselves. So, maybe that gives you a little clarity about how you think about these three different components of the market.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Maybe I'll take those both. First of all, with respect to 864 and 814, no, there was no real reason that we had different time frames. In fact, we've looked at shorter time frames for 864 and longer time frames for 814.I think what you should take away from that is, we've seen very, very consistent results for both of these molecules, which is one of the reasons why we're so encouraged and excited about taking them into the clinic. So, I think that's pretty simple.Second question was about -- the RNA merits, yes, on APOL1. So, yes, let's touch on this real quickly. Actually, Reshma maybe talk about APOL1 and what we know about the mechanism, and why we're excited about what we've got there.
Jeff Leiden: I think, if I heard you correctly, Brian, you were asking, specifically, do we believe this is an RNA variance issue? And the answer that is no. We believe it has very strong evidence, both pharmacologically, and genetically, and biochemically that this is a protein defect within the APOL1 protein.
Jeff Leiden: And maybe I'll take the first one, and Reshma will take the second part of that. This is Jeff. So, we decided to treat these mice at about one month of age. We treated them, and this particular experiment showed you they'd explode for 12 weeks. And in answering your question, there's already protein accumulation, very significantly, yes. You can see that, actually, in the slide there, and you see that protein accumulation occurring early and getting worse and worse over time in the control animals, and essentially clearing or mostly clearing in the treated animals.
Jeff Leiden: Sure. Thanks for the question, Mohit. This is Jeff. Obviously, it's a little too early, I think, to really make much of any comments about the data we saw today. Very early data, one part of the trial, single doses in very small numbers of patients. I honestly can't really give you much of a comment, and we usually don't comment on competitors anyway.I certainly can comment on what we think about nucleic assay therapy or mRNA therapies, which as you know, we're working on as well. We do believe that, ultimately, they may play a role in the treatment of CF, but we also believe it's a very long journey.And the reason for that, as you just pointed out is the delivery issue. It is very difficult to deliver to the entire lung, to the rights cells, which we'll come back to in a minute. And in the case of mRNA, to do that repetitively which will certainly be needed. And while we're working out and many others are as well, it's a difficult problem.And the problem isn't expressing CFTR. That is a relatively easy problem. The problem is how do you deliver to a football field of surface area and a lung that's inflamed full of nucleates and other immune cells, get it into the right cells, and then do it over and over again in the case of RNA. That's a really tough problem, and we said we think that's 10 or 15 years away before we crack that problem -- or others crack that problem.Now, the other issue that's worth keeping in mind is CF is not a lung disease. CF is a systemic disease that affects many different organs, including the pancreas, the liver, the GI tract, et cetera. While the obvious advantage of the small molecule CFTR correctors like a triple approach is they treat all the organs, which is very important and very beneficial for these patients.Even when we work out the inhalation therapy -- or someone works out the inhalation therapy for the lung, if it's possible that will only, obviously, treat the lung. And so I think as a standalone therapy, these will be quite challenging.And then, the final thing I would say is, there are 2 different fundamental approaches here. One is some sort of gene therapy or gene-editing approach, where you get into a stem cell, which can repopulate the airway continuously, and the other one is you deliver it to the bronchial epithelial cells, but unfortunately, as you know, those turn over every few weeks. And so if you're going to deliver mRNA to the bronchial epithelial cells, that will require continuous retreatment, which it has all sorts of immune and other inflammatory challenges itself.So, we're very interested in this. We think it's a very hard problem. We and others are working on it. I think it is a 10 or 15-year journey, and unfortunately, these inhalation therapy probably won't treat the entire disease, but just treat the lung.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, this is Jeff. So, maybe just to remind those who aren't familiar as you are with what we have announced. So, we are very interested in both gene editing and gene therapy. Not as pure therapeutic modalities. We're not going to become a gene editing company. But because the diseases that we're interested in, many of them, are very amenable to gene editing or gene therapy approaches or combinations of gene editing, gene therapy with small molecules.And so we're really building a toolbox, a broad toolbox, of mRNA, gene editing, of potentially gene therapy approaches that we can use to address those diseases. We're actually also very interested in learning how we can combine those with small molecule approaches.As part of that effort, we recently announced, simultaneously, three things. One was the expansion of the collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics into DMD and DM1. Simultaneously, the acquisition of Exonics, which gives us great scientific expertise with Eric Olson, very important guy at IP, very impressive preclinical data in the dog model, and really accelerates our DMD and DM1 programs.And the third was, you mentioned, was hiring John Gray, who's really one of the world's experts in making and manufacturing AV vectors because AV vectors are obviously going to be very important in both gene editing and gene therapy approaches.We plan to combine all of those into a new research site here in Boston, which we call Vertex Genetic Therapies. It'll have 150 to 200 scientists or so, and it will have both the project teams around these diseases like DMD and DM1, but also a preclinical and clinical manufacturing facility that will allow John to do vector work, vector formulation, bio-analytics and preclinical and clinical vector manufacturing.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thank you for the question. It's really a two-part question. First, with respect to drug importation and I would also include them, by the way, price importation because those are really both the same things.We believe very strongly in policies that do two things: policies that encourage innovation to make more breakthrough transformative drugs; and policies that then make sure that all eligible patients can have access to those breakthrough drugs, which is equally important for us.When we look at the drug importation or price importation proposals that have been made, they don't meet either of those objectives. And in fact, we would argue that they're counter to both of them. From an access standpoint, imported drugs from Canada doesn't solve the problem because there's not nearly enough supply -- the supply access to the patients who need them in the U.S.Second, we feel that the potential very significant safety issue of allowing drugs to flow across the border in an unregulated fashion. And third, we're very certain that these kinds of policies will stifle the innovation that's led the industry here in the U.S. to be the leading innovator to make new breakthrough drugs. And so we feel that, that type of legislation is completely inconsistent with our principles.With respect to what are we doing for the future? I think the biggest thing we're doing for the future is to make sure that we're making transformational drugs because at the end of the day, these are the kind of drugs that patients and payers want to pay for and they want us to invest them and the best evidence of that is our CF programs here in the U.S. where we've seen very rapid reimbursement from all forms of payer, including government payers, Medicaid, Medicare, as well as the promotional players. And the reason for that is simple, they understand the value of those medicines to patients, and these are the kind of medicines that they actually want to pay for.I think when you look at our pipeline, as Reshma described it, what you see is exactly the same kinds of medicines for serious diseases like sickle cell disease, pain, AAT, APOL1. That's the most important thing.Obviously, we talk with politicians and lawmakers to explain the value of innovation, and we have active programs to do that. But the most important thing we do is to actually do innovation and invest in it because I think that's how we protect the value for patients and shareholders.
