Michael Partridge: Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to Vertex' second quarter 2011 conference call. We are 2 months into the launch of INCIVEK combination treatment for people with genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C. We are tremendously pleased with the uptake of this medicine, as well as the positive feedback from the hepatitis C community. At the same time, we are launching INCIVEK, we continue to advance our pipeline. We expect to submit the NDA and MAA for VX-770 targeting cystic fibrosis patients with the G551D mutation in October. We have recently provided new data from combination approaches for hepatitis C and CF and we are now looking forward to data and presentations from other studies in hepatitis C, CF and rheumatoid arthritis in the second half of this year. We aim to establish additional product opportunities in these serious diseases. We remain financially strong, with a cash position of approximately $600 million at the end of the second quarter, this is sufficient to support continued launch activities of INCIVEK and the development of our clinical stage programs while supporting us through to cash flow positive.  With me on the call tonight are Matt Emmens, who will provide a perspective on Vertex' recent progress; Ian Smith, who will review our second quarter financial results; Nancy Wysenski, who will provide commentary on the INCIVEK launch; and Dr. Peter Mueller, who will highlight key upcoming pipeline milestones. After the prepared remarks, we will be joined by Dr. Bob Kauffman and we will be happy to take your questions. We will conclude the call tonight promptly at 6:00 p.m. Once the call concludes, our IR team, joined by Ian and Nancy will be in the office to answer any additional questions.  Finally, let me note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our 10-K. These statements, including those regarding the market launch of INCIVEK, are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially.  GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2011 financial press release, which is on our website.  Thank you, and I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we'd now like to open the call to Q&A. So we can get to as many people on the call as possible, we ask you to limit yourself to just one question and one quick follow-up. Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Okay, thanks everybody for your kind words and your good questions. And we will be around in the office tonight to answer any additional questions you may have. Thanks again for joining us.
Ian Smith: Thanks, Matt, and good evening to everyone. 2011 is an important year that we had anticipated, and we are starting to create significant revenues and cash flows from the sale of INCIVEK, which gives us a financial foundation to continue to advance a broad pipeline of potential new medicines for future growth. The market opportunity that exists for INCIVEK is very large, and with this new opportunity, we are giving careful consideration to managing reinvestment and R&D for future growth, yet achieving earnings and cash flow both for shareholder value.  I'd now like to turn to a review of our second quarter results. First, total revenues for the second quarter of 2011 increased to approximately $114 million compared to approximately $32 million in the same quarter last year. The higher revenue in the second quarter of this year was due to approximately $75 million of ex-factory net product revenues from INCIVEK, which became commercially available in the U.S. during the second quarter.  Of the $75 million in net product revenues, approximately 50% remained in the distribution channel as of June 30. I'll note that as of the date of this call, the majority, the vast majority of the product in the channel has already been sold through to patients. This is consistent with our expectation of an average of 3 weeks of INCIVEK in the distribution channel going forward.  Our second-quarter net product revenues of approximately $75 million were derived from the gross product revenues of approximately $83 million. The gross-to-net reduction is based upon payer mix as well as other factors such as the terms of our distribution agreements, the impact of our patient-support programs. In the first month of launch, our gross to net reduction was driven principally by a payer mix that was dominated by commercial insurance. We expect the payer mix to include more government payers in the future and move towards being more typical of hepatitis C market. Nancy will provide you with additional commentary on INCIVEK launch in just a moment.  Now to the GAAP and non-GAAP bottom-line results. Our GAAP net loss attributable to Vertex for the second quarter was approximately $174 million, compared to approximately $200 million for the second quarter of 2010. Our non-GAAP loss attributable to Vertex for the second quarter of 2011 was approximately $136 million compared to $143 million in the second quarter of 2010. Based on anticipated revenues due to the successful launch of INCIVEK, we expect to be earnings-positive in 2012.  With respect to the details of our operating expenses, the increase compared to 2010 was principally driven by the support to launch INCIVEK and the expansion of development portfolio. For more information, please refer to our income statement, which can be found in our second quarter press release.  From a cash perspective, we ended the quarter, August 2011, second quarter 2011 with approximately $600 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Additionally, INCIVEK sales through June 30, added approximately $80 million in accounts receivable and we expect these receivables to be realized in cash in the coming weeks. We have a strong financial position and believe we have the cash and working capital flexibility to support the launch of INCIVEK and support the company through its cash-flow positive.  Turning now to the 2011 financial guidance. On today's call, we're increasing our 2011 total operating expense guidance provided early this year. We are increasing our range of -- to $960 million to $980 million from an initial range of $890 million to $930 million, representing an increase of approximately $60 million. As a reminder, this guidance includes principally R&D and SG&A expense and excludes cost of revenues and stock-based compensation expenses. This increase is due to EU expansion to support the launch of VX-770 for cystic fibrosis in this region, development expenses associated with the Alios collaboration and other costs that are funded through our collaborations, such as manufacturing telaprevir by -- for J&J and expanded CF research activities. Of note, that in the remainder of 2011, we expect to receive approximately $30 million from J&J and the CF Foundation, which we recognize as revenue in the R&D collaborative lines. This additional revenue will offset -- partially offset the increase in our forecasted 2011 OpEx guidance. We continue to manage the total operating expense for the company, with a view to a financial profile that maintains reinvestment into R&D and also achieves profitability. Specifically, as we look to 2012, based upon revenues from a successful launch of INCIVEK, we expect to be significantly earnings-positive in 2012.  In summary, we have a strong initial launch of INCIVEK. We continue to reinvest for growth, and we have a strong balance sheet to support the company.  Thank you, and over to Nancy.
Ian Smith: Rachel, to your comment on gross to net. $84 million of gross translated to roughly $75 million of net for this quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the gross to net adjustment is probably a little smaller than it's going to be in the future, given that at this point we have minimal channel inventory going through the government channel. Also as we go through the year and we put our commercial contracting strategies in place, we expect to see, let's say, greater discounts. To give you a number where we come out towards the end of the year and going into 2012, it's a little early to do that, but we certainly expect it to move into the double-digit range as we go towards the end of this year.
Ian Smith: So Terrence, you're right. The royalty around 7% that you are seeing is royalty, and there's minimal cost of goods in there. It should stay that way for a while. We've been expensing our inventory through R&D leading up to the launch of the drug. So going into 2012 you should continue to see a margin that is significant given that we've already expensed our inventory.
Ian Smith: We will be at the U.S. CF conference though later in the year, which is in October. I believe that's on the West Coast in Anaheim. So we'll be there with a pretty large presence, given our expansion of our programs in the cystic fibrosis area.
Nancy Wysenski: Thank you, and good evening, everyone. I'd like to provide some commentary about the launch of INCIVEK and the progress we've made since approval on May 23. I'll first highlight our time-to-market.  Just 3 days, after approval, the first 28-day kit of INCIVEK was being dispensed to a patient. These speed was the result of a determined effort from a cross-section of our company, including the supply chain, marketing, sales and patient-assistance teams. I'd like to compliment and thank them for this outstanding outcome during our first commercial launch. After ensuring INCIVEK's availability, we turned our focus on broad patient accessibility. I'm pleased to report that our physician and patient support systems for INCIVEK are fully operational and running smoothly. With these systems in place, we're embarking upon our primary goal of curing as many people with hepatitis C as possible with INCIVEK. We believe that INCIVEK is a powerful, straightforward regimen that can offer clinical benefit to a wide range of people with genotype 1 hepatitis C. The feedback from the field has been very encouraging. Through July 15, only about 7 weeks into launch, we estimate that more than 3,000 patients have started therapy with INCIVEK. This uptake serves to reinforce that physicians and patients are receptive to our product profile.  Now I'd like to share with you some of the insights about the type of physicians prescribing INCIVEK, the INCIVEK reimbursement process and the type of patients taking INCIVEK at this point in the launch. First, to physicians. Consistent with our expectations, a majority of INCIVEK prescriptions are being written by specialists. Gastroenterologists, hepatologists and infectious disease specialists represent approximately 70% of total INCIVEK prescriptions written to date. Early in the launch, as expected, the majority of prescriptions come from high-volume prescribers.  Next, reimbursement. Managed care organizations have supported broad availability of INCIVEK. It's too soon in the process to discuss tiering within managed care. We'll be in a better position to provide insights such as this as more contracts are put in place. For context, historically, plans have placed pegylated-interferons on Tier 2 or 3. Our comprehensive co-pay assistance program is helping to reduce patient's out-of-pocket expenses, and for those who qualify, to cover their drug costs entirely. Finally, on to our patients. Our early tracking indicates a broad mix of treatment-naïve and treatment-experienced patients receiving therapy with INCIVEK, consistent with the broad labeling of the medicine. At this stage of the launch, treatment-naïve patients represent more than half of the new patients receiving INCIVEK. So in summary, we're very pleased with the launch of INCIVEK to date, and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress.  Now, I'd like to turn your attention to our next program in cystic fibrosis and some of the insights and progress from the commercial perspective. As Peter and his team prepare for the NDA and MAA submissions for VX-770, we have begun to lay the needed groundwork for the medical affairs and commercial teams to support the potential global launch of this medicine. This includes hiring of select member of field-force employees and people in marketing and managed markets. We recently hired a General Manager for our EU operations, based in Switzerland. And this person is now focused on filling crucial positions for implementing a commercial effort needed in Europe. We also hired a Head of U.S. sales to build out our U.S. CF sales team.  We envision the structure of the global CF team to be small and focused, including a sales team of fewer than 20 therapeutic specialists in the United States. In Europe, our early work will be focused on reimbursement, followed by the build-out of the sales team. At the same time, we're educating healthcare providers on the CF disease state, including the importance of a greater understanding of CFTR modulation and awareness of their patient's genotype. We've been working closely with the CF community on creating educational resources for patients and caregivers to help them manage this disease. In addition, plans are underway for establishing a comprehensive patient-support program to help ensure that no eligible patient goes without this medicine. The CF patient population and community are urgently seeking a new medicine that targets the underlying disease and not just the symptoms. We hope that you share in our enthusiasm as we move towards our goal of providing this medicine to the CF community that is truly in need of improved treatment.  Thank you. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter.
Nancy Wysenski: Rachel, this is Nancy. We continue to see very strong sales in July. We're very pleased, we're delighted to watch it. And in addition to watching the TRx and NRx counts rise, as I'm sure you are, we are also pleased by the fact that our wholesalers are reordering on a very regular basis.
Nancy Wysenski: When we look at the market overall and of course, it's all dependent upon how you define "the market," right? But when we use our own internal definition, it looks like physicians we've gotten to and nurse practitioners in total that between both products, about 15% to 17% of the market has been penetrated. What's really interesting is that as you look at the higher deciles, that percentage goes up dramatically. And it looks like more than 70% of the top-tier decile physicians are writing and of course, that's exactly what you would hope for in the launch of an innovative product because those are the people who influence the rest of the writers. And we see a very fine correlation between the decile of the physician and not only how many physicians are writing but also the number of scripts they're writing. So it's really a great trend.
Nancy Wysenski: Mark, this Nancy, I'll go first. And it sounds like you and I both spent a lot of time staring at IMS data. Ad It seems like it would be a fairly simple mathematical calculation. But it isn't. And I'll explain why it isn't. After I make a point that we're pleased with the numbers we're seeing when you look at the difference between the TRx, and new Rx and back that up against what the new Rxs would have been for the weeks that those refills would be occurring. Because when you look across both drugs, our trends are really solid and they seem to be trending in the right direction over time. The reason that you can't really nail that down, as you probably already know, is that when a patient shows up at a physician's office and they write them a prescription for INCIVEK, there's no way for us to tell whether they wrote that prescription for one month and it shows up as a new Rx or whether they wrote it for 3 months, so then you get one new Rx and 2 TRxs. A lot of times with new therapies, patients would just give them -- I'm sorry, physicians will just give the patient prescription for one month, and then when they do well they give them another prescription, which the pharmacy interprets as a second new Rx. So I'm sure you're aware that, that confusion is in there, but all that suggests is that with that as a potential adjustments, the refill rate is even higher than what the mathematical formulas would suggest.
Nancy Wysenski: Well, I can take the IMS question, while they're deciding. Yes, you should assume that one script equals one kit or 28 days of therapy, that's absolutely correct.
Nancy Wysenski: In fact, just today we got some early feedback on the qualitative impact that our field sales force is having with physicians. And I'm very, very proud of the great job they're doing. They're out there, they know that this is all about the patients and offering them a higher cure rate, and that the best way to do that is to engage not only the healthcare practitioner, but the patient by fully educating them about this new therapy. All the adverse events including rash, how to look for that, how to watch for it, what physicians should do when they see it, all of the drug-drug interactions, and we have gotten really very solid feedback again from healthcare providers particularly, that they are enjoying this process and that they see our representatives as very trustworthy in bringing them the full set of information for the best outcome of the patient.
Nancy Wysenski: And Brian, to your question about market share, using the source of the IMS NPA, I can tell you that our market share is in excess of 75%, both for the most current week measured and the latest week is July 15, as well as for the launch to date.
Nancy Wysenski: Jason, this is Nancy, I'll take both pieces of that. First of all, on the capacity that's a really easy answer, we don't think there is any limit on capacity. We say that for a couple of reasons because we've got physicians from all deciles rating the drug. So that means that you're getting not only the big thought leading institutional centers but also, more of the community-based independent GEs and so on and so forth. In addition to that, we are seeing new prescribers who haven't written historically, coming into the market. And that suggest again, that there is even more capacity that we haven't thought about. And now, I need to be reminded what the other question was.
Nancy Wysenski: Thank you, the government channel, this is pretty typical for any drug. When you first launch a drug, you make it available through the managed care plans and typically, that's through commercial plans. Government channels, as you can imagine, are some of the more cost sensitive channels, and then they therefore want to do a full formulary review before they add drugs to their formulary and/or that often involves contracting. So that -- it just takes longer. It's beginning now as is the contracting process with commercial plans. But it will take at least through the end of this year, and into 2012 before the majority of that contracting is complete.
Nancy Wysenski: You know it varies if you look at ribavirin as a historical model, it's usually sort of about 60% commercial, and then about 25% between Medicaid, Medicare, and then you get VA, and there as well, VA Federal supply schedule which is the DoD, et cetera. So it varies. But I think we're seeing a higher rate of commercial business right now.
Nancy Wysenski: Not based upon the numbers I'm looking at. I can appreciate that you probably did a fine survey, but I can't comment on it, since I really don't have any of the details.
Nancy Wysenski: No, the scripts are captured when the patient actually goes to the pharmacy and fills it. So I think we're just trying to be reasonable about the way that we're characterizing this. And since there is that some percentage there that we don't know, could actually be TRxs. We feel confident saying that it's more than 3,000, but the numbers you're looking at are the same numbers we're seeing. So I think you're looking at it right, Phil.
Peter Mueller: Okay. So this is a bunch of questions around cystic fibrosis. So, Geoff, first of all, I think we have, at this given point in time, not yet a final agreement from the agency about the protocol, but we have discussions. And obviously, we look in several read-out markers and see how it will come down the pike. There is Ribavirin and you are right, it might be harder to achieve. But I think nobody knows at the point in time. So this part of it, if we look at several ones and then make a decision, what it will come down the pike. In terms of sweat chloride being an accepted marker, I think at this point in time, sweat chloride is not an accepted marker in any environment. And I think what we committed is that we basically provide more information and data and analysis to move the discussion towards response-guided regimen. And I think this a great accomplishment because the agency recognizes that you have to make a move to handle the complicated situation with this genotypic approach in cystic fibrosis. They have 1,800 different mutations. We'll see how it goes. I think we have continued discussions ongoing with them and by end of the year, we can give you probably a little bit more insight what it will be. Now in Europe, the situation is sort of similar. They are more forthcoming within a class of mutations like the gating mutations, and we will see how that will translate into a label. At that given point in time, I think we are submitting basically documentation to both agencies and see where we go from there. Now in terms of when we started those studies, I think as you well know, it's sort of global studies. And you have to basically do a PIP evaluation upfront which is a cumbersome process and lengthy bureaucracy and a lot of bureaucracy across the globe. And that basically is the reason why we not start this year but the beginning of next year. I hope that answers all your questions.
Peter Mueller: No, I think that's very dependent what type of program you go for. I think, in general, what I'm personally looking for is the compound that is sort of added to the mix, coming out of our own research or from our collaborator, commensurate with the metabolic profile and a [indiscernible] Profile that makes the regimen work. And that's sort of a safety assessment that you have to do before you go in each and every collaboration or combination therapy. That's basically the main. Now obviously, I will be delighted to do something with more advanced compounds, because then, you're faster over the finish line but that's all matter of what will happen.
Peter Mueller: And to the label discussion, I think we have successful discussion with the heat of CHMP, that basically makes all the final calls what goes into filings in Europe and given those discussions, we anticipate that the there is a possibility to get a label that basically covers all the gating mutations in Europe potentially.
Peter Mueller: On top of that, there is also the triple oral combination, where the 222 plays a major role and similar comments apply. I think we are in the midst of it and I think we will try to accelerate those programs as fast as we can in concert with approval from regulatory agencies.
Peter Mueller: So in terms of the label in the U.S., it will be as a first label, most likely G551D only label, I think that is correct. In Europe, it might be potentially G551D plus the gating mutations. But it's all upon approval of regulatory agencies and this is sort of what it could be. Now in terms of when can we get more data, so obviously, we will start trials that will deliver data in the course of 2012. That help us to decide whether we can go either with smaller response-guided regimen, or we have to go with a more specific late mutation label expansion. And I think those studies are planned and will go on, but I think there's nothing we can say before the end of 2012.
Peter Mueller: At this given point in time, I think we don't know what the market will be. I think there are several that you could think of. One is sweat chloride, I think that's the reason why we are currently conducting additional drugs to see how potential readout markers are usable across different mutation. Because that's sort of what the holy grail is and that we have to figure out, so we don't know yet. I think we will measure continuously at each and every visit what those different markers will do as we go forward. I think there's not yet a defined outcome that we can say 4 weeks or 8 weeks or 12 weeks is the right thing to do.
Peter Mueller: So I'll take the first part so, Brian, with respect to the rationale, I think as you know, you have basically 2 categorically different type of, let's say, mutations in terms of impact on functionality. One, that impacts basically the trafficking, which is basically fibroids, and those type of things. And the other one, that impacts basically gating or function when those channels are on the surface. Now when you have a homozygous, then it's easier than you know, you have basically sort of a trafficking and problem, when you have Delta F508, and that's easily treatable, with maybe even a monotherapy theoretically, with 809. When you have heterozygous, they have both defects. They have a trafficking defect and a potentiation defect. If they have a fibroid on one ileal and something else on the other ileal. And so they might benefit from a combination treatment that is a potentiator and the corrector. And therefore I think, we are trying to do that and I think that's a huge benefit for that population, in going with combination therapy, because they have 2 different defects to be taken care, and we have 2 very strong molecules and therapeutic regimen to them that help to fix both of them.
Peter Mueller: Well, I think the evaluation is still ongoing, and we are not, at this given point, reporting those things out.
Robert Kauffman: Geoff, this is Bob. There were no breakthroughs in the quad arms at all. And there was one relapse in the high-dose arm that we were describing. I don't know if that was a genotype 1A or 1B patient off hand.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, I'll answer that. You likely will not see 661 data by itself before the combo, because the study may well have multiple treatments in it, and that hasn't been fully decided yet, but it won't necessarily be the case. And in terms of the duration, those were just possibilities. We have not yet finalized what the study design is going to be, so I think you should wait and see what we finally come up with, which I'm sure, we'll tell you about later on, when we're closer to it.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, we didn't really know that. In every critical trial, there are always better responders and lesser responders. We're looking to see whether there's any characteristics there, but it's generally the case that there's a distribution of responses. So it's a matter of really going through the data carefully. We've not quite finished that yet so we have nothing really much to say.
Matthew Emmens: In terms of the 222, as you know, there are data we reported out was just the SVR data from the patients assigned to 12 weeks and we really need to see the outcome in those who have been assigned to 24 weeks to kind of get a sense of what the overall SVR for that regimen is, that will help us to decide what the next set of regimens that we study. Whether we go directly to Phase III or have to do some additional work, I think will depend in large part on that and also the PK/PD assessments, a number of other assessments that we do. So I can't really say for sure. We're obviously are trying to move the program as quickly as we can.
Matthew Emmens: Those assays are generally short-term. Those are cell culture assays. You can't really carry them on for very long. So the data we have is really from the first study of 2 weeks of monotherapy and 1 week of the combination. Obviously, one of the reasons to look at longer duration is to see whether in fact there's any additional effect that can occur and then, we'll see how that third part comes out.
Matthew Emmens: I'd just add Tom, that in terms of disclosure and committing to disclosures at this point, let's see how the studies run their course and what's the appropriate time that we consider putting out interim or final data. So more to you on that later this year.
Matthew Emmens: I'd just add though, we had some commentary about whether to give you that number because we thought that people might try and reconcile new patients to scripts. We gave you a conservative number, I will tell you that. It's very dangerous to reconcile our patient number to scripts, given that there is under reporting in the scripts. And we're just broadly happy with the number of patients that have started on INCIVEK-based therapy. But we just wanted to give you a mark on how the launch was going.
