Michael Partridge: Good evening and welcome to Vertex's second quarter 2012 conference call. Vertex continued to make progress in the second quarter of 2012 to build our global business. With our approved medicines, in its first full quarter, Kalydeco achieved $46 million in US sales, reflecting increased uptake in people with CF who have the G551D mutation. We also announced on Friday that we have received approval of Kalydeco in the EU. Incivek, for the treatment of hepatitis C, reported sales of $328 million in the second quarter. We continue to lead the market in hepatitis C, approximately 70% to 75% of new DAA prescriptions written in the US are for Incivek. However, the number of patients initiating treatment for hepatitis C has declined compared to late 2011 and early 2012. Therefore, we have revised our 2012 guidance for total Incivek net revenues today. Highlighting our progress in R&D, in cystic fibrosis, with clinical results and study initiations, we advanced our efforts to be able to expand the number of CF patients we may ultimately treat. And in hepatitis C we today announced promising seven-day viral kinetic data for our first nucleotide analog ALS-2200 that we licensed from Alios BioPharma. To discuss these and other developments on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, CEO and Chairman; Ian Smith, CFO; and Dr. Peter Mueller, Head of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer. After the prepared remarks, Bob Kauffman, Vertex's Chief Medical Officer, will join us, and we will take your questions. We expect to conclude the call as close to 6:00 p.m. as we can manage. To help us do that, we would ask that you please limit your questions to one with a related follow-up. I will note that information discussed on this conference call includes forward-looking statements which are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in our reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q reports, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including without limitation those regarding the market launch of Incivek and Kalydeco and our guidance are based on management's current assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and events to differ materially. GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this call. Information regarding our use of these measures and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP is available in our second quarter 2012 financial press release which is on our website. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Michael Partridge: Thank you, Peter. That now concludes our prepared remarks. Tyrone, we’d like to open up the call to questions.
Michael Partridge: Michael, this is Michael. I'll just point out that there is a slide in the webcast that has a bit of a graphic that describes kind of how the doses escalate a little bit, and other features in the design. But I'll let Peter... Okay. So Peter says the slide describes it pretty well.Michael Yee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Then let me ask one last question then. On the 809 combo on Phase III, you said you could look at higher doses. What data do you have to support higher doses? They were never touched on in Phase II. So, just wondering how that's possible in Phase III.
Michael Partridge: So, thanks very much, everybody, for joining us tonight. I think everybody got to ask at least one question. If you didn't get your follow-up or you have additional questions, we're in the office, happy to talk further tonight. Thanks very much for tuning in.
Bob Kauffman: Jeff, this is Bob. I'll try to take those questions, not exactly in the order that you gave them. But let's just say for 222 it was not knowingly omitted, for sure. We're certainly looking at ways of folding that into our development. We've mentioned the two potential Phase II studies that we're planning. There may well be other Phase II studies in more difficult to treat populations where somewhat larger number of compounds combined together might be useful, and that's likely where you'll see 222 come in. We also could combine it with one of the nukes, and there would be no reason not to do that. It's just that we've chosen Incivek as the initial one that we're going to pursue. In terms of dose response, yes, we're going to be exploring that more with some PK/PD analysis to try to figure out if it makes any sense to go higher, and we certainly could do that if we choose to. In terms of CYP metabolism, at this point we don't know that much about these compounds. They've just obviously been in very short-term studies. But in general, nukes have not really had major drug interactions with other compounds, and we would expect these to be similar. Obviously we'll see what we get in future studies.
Bob Kauffman: I'll take the 2158 question, and that is the study is ongoing, it's still blinded, so there's nothing really much that I can say about it.
Bob Kauffman: Yeah. So this is Bob. As you saw in our release, the patient population was primarily Genotype 1B. That's likely just geographically based. The study was conducted primarily in Eastern and Western Europe. In terms of breakthroughs, there were none on therapy. Yeah. There were no breakthroughs on therapy. And metabolism we haven't really talked about very much, so there's not much to say about those. These are nucleotide pro-drugs, and so they are metabolized as they get into the liver through first-pass metabolism into the active compounds. Just in terms of the 1A/1B breakdown, I'll just say that in general for the nukes there really hasn't been any real difference in activity between Genotype 1A and 1B clinically. In vitro for these compounds there's no real difference between them. And when you look at the data and the trial, even though there were just a couple of people with Genotype 1A, the viral declines were really indistinguishable from the Genotype 1B patients. So we don't really anticipate there being any big difference there.
Bob Kauffman: So, Matt, this is Bob. I'll take those. In terms of baseline characteristics, there's nothing particularly notable about them. The IL-28B genotype distribution was as you would expect, but we have not yet analyzed the study by IL-28B individual subject, so I can't really say too much about that, nor by any other baseline factors. So that will be coming as we look at the data. Obviously it's very fresh so we don't have a whole lot of additional analyses. In terms of adverse events, they were sort of typical for a Phase I study, is all I can say, and obviously we'll provide more information when these data are presented at a medical conference. In terms of the regulatory strategy, I think it's just a little bit early to say at this point. The FDA, as they have done publicly in a number of settings, has indicated a great deal of flexibility in the development of all-orals. We hope to take advantage of that. It may help us to speed up our program, but it's really premature to think about comparators and sort of all that part of it. Obviously we'll gain more information as we go along.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. We'll likely be dosing Incivek twice-a-day dosing in the combination studies. In general, principles of the antiviral therapy are that you don't generally lower the doses of each of the agents. You obviously need them to cover the variants for the other. So I would not anticipate any different dosing of Incivek than we're currently using.
Bob Kauffman: Yeah. So just a quick word on that, obviously we had a little bit of a window into the safety profile of Incivek without peg-interferon and [disease] study dual arms. And it was actually quite a bit more favorable, as you'd expect, than what we saw with the triple therapy and it gives us some amount of confidence that we'll be able to design tolerable regimens. And clearly we'll confirm that when we combine them with the nukes. But that is one of the goals, of course, of Phase II is to get that information. And we are looking at 12 weeks as our primary development path.
Bob Kauffman: Katherine, this is Bob. I mean, our initial strategy really is Genotype 1 specific that we still believe is the major unmet need. I think if you look around the world at all the markets and all the various genotype distributions, it still comes out that Genotype is probably still the most valuable proposition.
Bob Kauffman: It's not so long. Basically the studies -- the 2158 study started about a month later than the 2200 study. Obviously running one program on time is hard, running two programs exactly in parallel is almost impossible. And recruitment has been just a little bit slower than we expected in the countries where it's being run. So we do expect the data sometime in the next couple of months.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. Our goal would be potentially to combine 2158 and 2200 together. We haven't really thought of that other nukes at this point. And obviously, we won't know the feasibility of that till we have the 2158 data.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. I really can't talk at all about the structures. I will just say that these compounds have a very high barrier to resistance and therefore, are excellent combinations for other drugs, much like the other nukes that have been described.
Bob Kauffman: There will be a bit more detail coming out at a medical conference later on, on some of these issues.
Bob Kauffman: Okay.Michael Yee – RBC Capital Markets: Operator, this is Michael. We're now about 10 minutes past our planned stop time for the call, so in the interest of everybody's time we will take just two more questions. Thanks.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. That's obviously why we're going to do the study, is to find out. Clearly, the properties that we've seen so far, very high level of antiviral activity would make it potentially a good companion with ribavirin. As I said, both efficacy wise and safety wise we think it's a good trial to do.
Jeff Leiden: Rachel, this is Jeff. Obviously we've just received this data and we're thinking through it. It gives us a lot of optionality, as you pointed out, with respect to our own compounds, and as we've said, we'll consider combining 2200 with other folks' compounds as well. And so I just want to be clear that part of what you're hearing is an evolution of our thinking as we understand what the true optionality here is. And I think the important thing to take away from this is that our plan is to do multiple Phase II studies quickly in order to pick the best combination that we can take forward into Phase III based on actual efficacy and safety data.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Jeff Leiden: Actually, to the expense question, Mark, I think you can expect us to look at it the same way that we have this year. What we're trying to communicate on this call is a very active program, specifically in our G&A area this year as well as being nimble as we see markets change and adapt to our marketing programs as well. That's allowed us to maintain the guidance that we have this year despite the increased investments in the priority two programs. As we go into 2013, we have to have a good understanding. We'll get more data and more understanding of the market. But in terms of philosophical question, we're trying to minimize the G&A, the SG&A in our business to the extent we can to prioritize our investment into R&D into these high-value programs.
Jeff Leiden: Mark, this is Jeff. Maybe just to add even a bit higher level view, because Ian reviewed the pure financial considerations, I think our vision and our strategy has been quite consistent, which is that we're trying to build a global, multi-product business that can produce long-term growth. Obviously we've made some important and impressive progress this year on our late-stage pipeline. As we go into 2013, I think we want to continue to invest in that pipeline to maximize value, and we'll do so. But we've also said that we're going to be financially very disciplined, both in terms of prioritizing programs and in terms of controlling our expenses. And that's our plan, and we'll give you more insight on that as all the pieces of the puzzle from both the revenue and expense side come together later this year.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah. So the way we do it is to move as quickly as we can into a broad Phase II program that will give us the safety database that we need. And we don't disagree with your numbers that it'll be hundreds of patients required, and we anticipate gaining those in various combinations in a series of Phase II studies, perhaps in different patient populations, to basically try to define the right regimens for the right patients. And that is how we will go forward, and we anticipate to be on move quickly. There's a great demand for patients to enter trials with nukes because of their potential advantages. We don't expect any difficulties with recruitment. And so we'll move along quickly.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, it's a good question. Obviously this is a very dynamic, very competitive market. And rather than going to ROI details, I would say what we've said before, which is that we need to be convinced that we have winning regimens that will allow us to address large parts or large portions of this market going forward. I think as you probably remember, we said that our new data needs to be competitive with anything out there in order to move forward. We feel it is, which is why we're going to move forward. And we'll make the same kinds of decisions as we go and collect our Phase II data prior to moving into Phase III to make sure again that we're not chasing the market with a second-rate or non-competitive regimen. But we think that the new data we provided today is a good start.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. Our view is that this is a large market that will likely evolve into multiple segments, some of which will be large, and that one or all would come, there's a very nice commercial opportunity, there's also a great opportunity to treat more patients which is very, very important. And so as we look at it, as I said, once we see our Phase II data, I think we'll be in a good position to conclude whether we have, let's call it winning or first-rate regimens that can address some of these large patient populations. And if we do, that's a worthwhile investment for us and it's a worthwhile investment for patients.
Jeff Leiden: And Liisa, this is Jeff. I'll take your question on the commercial launch in Europe. First, as I think we mentioned before, we've been planning for this launch, so the entire commercial organization is in place in Europe. We're focusing on the four major countries with most of the G551D patients, which is Germany, France, UK and Ireland, initially, although we may roll it out in additional countries over time as we identify these patients, or they identify to us. As I'm sure you know, the way reimbursement works in Europe is a little different. It's negotiated country by country. And we are just beginning those discussions now with each of the countries. It's therefore early to talk about price, and we'll keep you informed as we go. But as I've said before, we view the value -- the pricing of our medicines with respect to their value to the patient, and we think that, based on our data, this is a very valuable medicine for G551D patients.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff, so I'll take those two first. With respect to the rollover, we're not providing a detailed information on the patient numbers. They started rolling over in May and they will continue to roll over, most of them actually, in the third and the fourth quarter. So far the rollovers are going well, Terence, in the sense of it's been a fairly easy process to move patients over. Your other question was on the gross to net for Kalydeco. And again, we haven't disclosed the number. The gross to net for Kalydeco is really based mostly on payer mix, and the payer mix is about 70% commercial, 20% government, 10% other. That may change a little bit over time as we get more government-funded patients on the drug, but we don't anticipate it'll be a major change.
Jeff Leiden: And Ying, to your question on inventory, it's actually the inventory we built over quite a long period based on our expectations of the market and consistent with how we've communicated on this call. We have seen a change in that market and decline in treatment rates which has resulted with us reserving against potential for excess inventory.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, Brian, in terms of Kalydeco reimbursement in Europe, again, as you know, whether it's orphan or not, it does need to go through the German value process. And you may have seen that recently the UK has been changing its rules around the value process. And we're just talking with the UK about whether we will come under the new rules or the old rules since they're literally changing over the last couple of weeks. So I just can't give you a final answer on that yet.Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks very much.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, obviously we don't comment on what Gilead is doing, so I can just tell you what our strategy is. And as I said, we plan to test multiple all-oral regimens in Phase II between now and the first half of next year in multiple small studies, and based on both safety and efficacy results, we think that's going to allow us to design a single or multiple pivotal trials which will go in parallel with a high probability of success. Aand we can do that by that end of next year.
Jeff Leiden: So, hi, this is Ian. As I mentioned in my remarks, we've been -- well, Incivo has now been approved in over 25 countries, in most of the major European countries and certainly in the major countries. So they're at that early stage of launch, a lot of those approvals have been this year. So we'll look to see how they perform in those markets.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. As we said on our first quarter call, we are not going to provide numbers of patients going forward. Just to clarify what we said, we said 600 patients in the US at the end of the first quarter. And as I said today, the number has increased, and we anticipate it will continue to increase both as we identify new G551D patients and as G551D patients roll over from PERSIST.
Jeff Leiden: No. We haven't disclosed how many patients that is. It's a small number.Phil Nadeau – Cowen and Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, this is Jeff. As you know, Alan, we only promote Kalydeco for labeled indication, which is G551D greater than six, and we don't track or keep track of any off-label use. So I really don't have any data on off-label use.Alan Carr – Needham & Co.: Thanks.
Peter Mueller: Yeah. So, basically towards the fourth quarter this year we will have a meeting and then talk about how we go forward that is needed to initiate the trial at the beginning of 2013.
Peter Mueller: Yeah. And Yaron, as we go forward. Now when you really look into how those drugs normally proceed, we have really an option here by end of next year to basically enter into a pivotal program. And the nice thing, as Jeff alluded to, is we will have numerous evaluations of different combinations in different patient populations that gives us a good sense what is the best regimen for a particular population if you want to move forward. And I think our decision will be data driven and safety data driven, and so we go forward by end of next year with a solid pivotal program, and I think that gives us an option to be a player in the field.
Peter Mueller: Okay. So, Geoff, hi. This is Peter, so I'll take that. With respect to the monotherapy Kalydeco labeled extension studies, 117 and the gating, the non-551D gating, both of them will be six-month studies without any interims. So we are not doing interims here, it's a small patient population, you don't want to disturb the integrity of the trial by doing interims, so we are not doing this. So the data will be available in the course of next year. And then we will basically file an SNDA to get a label extension. So that's for this part. In terms of the combo 809 for 12 years and older, we are currently planning a study that has, from a global point of view, the ability to produce one-year safety and one-year efficacy data. And we might, depending on and pending on discussions with the regulatory agencies, we have an option in GS maybe to start an earlier rolling submission as we did with Kalydeco, and that could be on the base of half-a-year data point. But I think that needs to be discussed with the regulatory agencies.
Peter Mueller: So I take, Liisa, the first thing with the dosing. So as we said, I think there are two aspects of the pivotal trials. Number one is you have to confirm what they have seen in cohort two in Phase II, just the 600 mg once-a-day and Kalydeco 250 mg twice a day. And we actually plan, because we see from the response that we might not have maxed out yet. We will try several other dose regimens that are higher on the VX-809. And one of them, as we always said, could be a BID 400 mg. So that gives you a higher exposure and hopefully then a better translation into the correction. But that's what we are trying to do.
Peter Mueller: Obviously, we're looking at those data constantly. We will basically present some of them most likely in a conference later this year.
Peter Mueller: No. Not at this given point in time. I think what I indicated is that we go for higher-dose regimens, which gives you an indication that we have a confidence that we'll reach exposure levels that are covered by our safety ranges. And that's I think the most we can say at this given point in time.
Peter Mueller: It's Peter speaking, Tom. I think there will be data in the upcoming conference that basically describes the preclinical profile. We have spoken a little bit about that in the earlier days and I want to repeat that. So we did a careful evaluation quickly before we made a decision to pursue Alios nukes. And on that base safety was an important component. And as I said then, I say now, it was, from a preclinical point of view, one of the safest, if not the safest, nukes that we have sort of seen in the landscape out there. And I think it was part of the decision to go forward.Tom Russo – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks, Peter.
Peter Mueller: Yes, we do. Twelve weeks is all basically ready to go, and as we go forward we will provide actually six months tox data to have longer treatment regimens possibilities if we decided so.
Peter Mueller: So, Brian, in terms of inclusion and learning something from a Phase II towards Phase III, I think there is a broad population that we will include it. Obviously as we said, first, homozygous and we will not have any particular, let's say, exclusions, and just it's probably for all homozygous delta 508 patients in a certain age group. That's sort of basically what drives the selection of the patients. We have to go with 12 years and older to go on a fast track because that's what we have tested in Phase II. That's the only sort of marker in a way that we have, and then that's the usual selection of people that have sometimes contraindications in terms of their co-medication which they can go, that's normal. But I think broad population for almost everybody in the age group for 12 years and older. That's sort of what I can say to this process.
Peter Mueller: We have obviously Phase I data that basically measured exposure levels. And that is linked to safety in humans but also in animals. And that gives us basically, by using PK/PD modeling, the opportunity to select different doses that are within that safety range.Michael Yee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
Peter Mueller: And Michael, we'll give you a call and walk you through the slide and describe for you how 661 works. And we find that most of the questions regarding the 661 study is once data are available, and the design will help you understand that the final data will be available in 2013.Michael Yee – RBC Capital Markets: That's why I asked. Thanks.
Peter Mueller: The other things that's impressive what we said in the call is it had a very steep decline from a viral kinetic point of view, is 3.85 log drop in three days, which is a good indicator that you might have a good chance for a combination and good trial outcome at the end of the day.
Yaron Werber – Citigroup: Okay, great. So, a few questions, if you don't mind, on the Alios nukes. One, any sense you can give us what was the breakdown between 1A and 1B in that study? Second question, did you see any breakthrough at all on therapy? And then three, what's the metabolism of the nuke? Are they metabolized by the liver at all? Just give us a little bit of sense what you're seeing in animals.
Yaron Werber – Citigroup: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. For Kalydeco and the R117H pivotal, it looks to be a six-month study. I'm curious if there's an interim, say, three months, and then if you guys are thinking initially that your delta F homozygous combo study will also be six months, or have you any preliminary discussions with the FDA that it still will have to be a 12-month pivotal? And I have one follow-up.
Yaron Werber – Citigroup: Got you. And just the follow-up is on the hep C franchise. So I'm curious if you guys have some sort of ROI target for hep C. I'm just trying to get a sense maybe at a higher level, I mean what magnitude investment you're willing to make given the current dynamics of the market and the landscape. Thanks.
