Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. 2017 has been a tremendous year for Vertex. We've made significant progress across all parts of our business and moved closer to realizing our long-term vision of treating all people with CF. During the year, we've increased the number of people eligible for and being treated with our approved medicines. More recently, we showed data from multiple triple combination regimens that demonstrate that we may be able to treat up to 90% of all CF patients. As a result of treating more people with our approved medicines, CF product revenues have increased quarter-to-quarter throughout this year. And tonight, we are increasing our full-year guidance for total CF product revenues. Our financial strength has substantially increased, and we expect this revenue and earnings growth continue going forward creating significant value for shareholders. Let me now briefly review our progress over the last three months. First, KALYDECO. On August 1, the FDA approved KALYDECO for use of more than 600 people with CF ages two and older who have one of five residual function mutations in the CFTR gene. KALYDECO continues to be a transformative medicine and is now labeled to treat approximately 6,000 people with CF globally. And we continue to increase the number of patients initiating treatment with KALYDECO. Second, tezacaftor/ivacaftor, based on the positive Phase 3 data we announced earlier this year, the FDA and the European Medicines Agency have accepted our applications for the use of the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination treatment studied in two different CF-patient population. One, people with CF ages 12 and older who have two copies of the F508del mutation. And two, people who have one F508del mutation and one residual function mutation that is responsive to tezacaftor/ivacaftor. In the U.S., the FDA has granted Priority Review of the NDA and set an action date of February 28, 2018. We currently expect approval in Europe in the second half of 2018. Our commercial team in the U.S. is currently preparing to bring this medicine to the many patients who are eagerly awaiting its approval. Third, our triple combination regimens. In July, we announced clinical results for three different regimens, which included next-generation correctors, VX-152, VX-440 and VX-659. Across these regimens in two and four-week studies, we saw significant clinical activity in both het/min and F508del homozygous patients across multiple measures, increases in FEV1, increases in sweat chloride and in the one study in which it has been evaluated thus far, increases in CFQ-R. We also saw good tolerability. We expect to continue to collect Phase 2 data from next-generation correctors VX-152, VX-659 and VX-445 in triple combination regimens into early next year and pending data from these studies and discussions with regulatory agencies. We expect to begin pivotal development in the first half of 2018 of up to two triple combination regimens. We expect that each of these triple regimens may have a different next-generation corrector, and one of the regimens may be dosed once daily. These triple regimens may provide the opportunity for 90% of the CF population to be treated with a medicine that addresses the underlying cause of their disease. We continue to invest in scientific innovation to bring forward life-changing medicines. We believe this creates the most value for patients, employees and shareholders. We're seeing good progress both internally and with our collaborations, and we expect to advance new medicines into clinical development in 2018. We look forward to updating you on this progress as well as helping you understand how we select out of these areas and potential investigational medicine. We're very proud of the significant progress the company has made in increasing the number of people eligible for and being treated with our medicines around the world. And we are well positioned to meet our goals consistently creating transformative medicines for patients and delivering significant and sustained revenue and earnings growth for our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Chodakewitz to make specific comments on some of our development programs.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Hi, Michael. It's Jeff. Let me start to give you a high-level view. Again, we're just in regulatory discussions now. So obviously, we won't be able to give you the final point of view till we finish those. But a couple of points, I think, worth making. One is, as I said and Jeff Chodakewitz said, our current plan, obviously which will be based on the data, would be to take up to two programs forward. And those two programs would have different next-gen correctors in them. And our hope, again, based on the data that we'll see from Phase 2, is that one of those programs might be a once-a-day regimen that would incorporate VX-561. That's one point. The second point is to your question directly the way you phrased it, which we've obviously learned a lot as we've gone through multiple Phase 3 trials in CF. We've learned what the length of those trials needs to be. For instance, let's say, 8 to 12 weeks for collecting acute data and up to 24 weeks for long-term data. We've learned about the size of those trials, how they have to be powered to get the effects we want. And we've learned a lot about how to collect those endpoints. So our strategy overall is to use all of that knowledge. And particularly based on the strength of the results that we're seeing with the triple, to streamline these trials with the regulatory agencies as much as possible so that we can get these medicines as quickly as possible to patients, particularly the het/min patients who don't have anything right now, so more to come. As we finalize those discussions, we'll certainly be able to explain those to you in the first half or the beginning of next year. But our intention is to streamline those trials and to think about how we get these drugs to those patients who are waiting for them as quickly as possible.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Matt, this is Jeff Leiden. I'll take the first part and maybe Ian and I can work on the second part to get it, it's sort of a BD question as well as an internal question. First, I'd remind you it's something we said many, many times which is that we believe at Vertex, anyway, that investment in scientific innovation is where the real value is created in this industry, and that includes both our internal investment in R&D and our external investments in BD. With respect to our internal pipeline, we do expect to bring, Matt, with those programs and we've talked about four or five them. We've talked about AAT, we've talked about adrenoleukodystrophy, sickle cell disease, pain. We're talking about four or five. Those programs are actually advancing quite nicely. And what we've told you before is that as they enter the clinic, and we expect some of them to enter the clinic in 2018, you'll hear more about them. So, I think you can anticipate hearing more about those programs next year. With respect to the external investment, you've seen us do a number of deals that both strengthen our technology platform, if you will, and also bring in early-stage products. You'll see us do more of those. But maybe Ian does a nice job of sort of summarizing our strategy for BD investments, which hasn't changed for the last several years and won't change going forward except the fact that we have more financial firepower now.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: So, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. I'm glad I got the easier part of the question. You really asked two questions in there about the tez/iva results. Obviously, we've looked at this data very carefully. We believe that there are two reasons that sort of fit together, as you'll see, that explain why the study didn't show a clinical benefit. The first reason, and maybe the most important reason is, these patients who entered the study in KALYDECO were extremely well treated as you might have expected. You can see that in their baseline characteristics. So, the average patient has been on the drug for more than three years. They had a sweat chloride of 50, which is actually quite close to carrier levels. And they had a BMI of 24.5, which is normal, essentially. And so, the very high bar that KALYDECO has set with those patients made it difficult to identify incremental acute improvements in FEV1 simply because when they ended the study, they were doing so well. The thing that goes along with that and the other part of that equation is, in this study, we're obviously having a single first gen corrector at tez, which only incrementally improves CFTR function and you can see that clearly from sweat chloride benefits, which in this study were about 6 to 7 millimol. And so the combination of the fact that the bar was still high when the study started and we were adding a single first-gen corrector, which only improved sweat chloride. It did, but only by about 7 millimol. It just made it difficult to detect that incremental difference in acute FEV1.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Hey, Geoff. This is Jeff Leiden. A great question, and really important question because I think you're pointing out something that we've talked about a lot internally, which is that our whole concept and strategy here around how we're approaching CF has changed over the last, say, 12 months or so, particularly as we've gotten more triple data. We originally thought of this disease as three or four buckets of patients, each of whom might require different medicines. So KALYDECO monotherapy for one, maybe doublet therapy for another, triple for another. That's changed dramatically with the results that we're seeing from our triples. And we do believe, just as you said, that whether you have one F508 allele and you're het/min, let's say, or whether you have two F508 alleles, you're a homozygous patient, you will be best treated with a triple regimen, and that's certainly what the Phase 2 data suggests. So if you take all that together, what it really means is that up to 90% of all patients, we believe, will be on a single triple. There will be a small set of patients likely who remain on KALYDECO monotherapy because those are the patients who might, for instance, have a gating mutation on one allele but not F508del, or not a second-gen corrector responsive mutation on the other allele. And so we believe those patients may be fully treated with KALYDECO. We're talking a very small number, a few hundreds of patients in that bucket. And then you're left with the final 10% of patients. And those are the patients who don't make any protein, largely because they have stop codons. And we believe those patients obviously will not benefit from any of the CFTR corrector strategies. They're going to need a genetic therapy, whether that's gene therapy or gene editing. We're obviously working on those, but those are farther away. So I think the way to think about it is just as you said. We're rapidly moving towards enrollment, which we believe that up to 90% of patients will be on a single triple regimen and getting maximum effect, hopefully post the carrier effects. Ten percent are going to be waiting for genetic therapies, and there will be a few, a small number that remain on KALYDECO monotherapy. That's how we see the world a few years from now.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: So first of all, for your first part of the question, we have been very consistent and insistent that we're committed to treating all patients with CF. So that's our priority, and one population is not higher than the other. I think what's different, just as you point out, is that we're actually quite close I think to that 90% of patients as we move our triples through, you're correct that the gene editing or gene therapy approaches are further away. And interestingly, not because of the gene editing or gene therapy technologies, but simply because of the difficulty of delivery, and particularly delivery to a lung that's occluded by mucus that's full of nucleases, we already have to get to a large surface area. And then of course, remember that most of those, if they're going to be an ailed deliveries won't reach the other organs. Because CF is a systemic disease, we're going to have to make sure that we're treating all the organ. So those patients who have stop codons, it is a difficult patient population to treat. We're absolutely committed to doing it. We're working hard on gene editing and gene therapy. We're doing types of approaches, but I don't want to give you the impression that that's an easy problem that is coming quickly because that's a longer-term problem. You also asked, I think to the first part of your question, whether we were going to wait to do homozygous after we have done het/min patients with the triples, and the answer to that is no. Our intention is to move forward with all of the eligible patients. Whether it's exactly on the same day timeline or week or month timeline, we plan to move forward simultaneously because we think that all of those patients are going to benefit from the triple.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: And, Shawn, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question on gating, because it's an important one. The one that we've thought a lot about. As I said, what we learned from this trial is that that addition of a single first-generation corrector to KALYDECO in these very well-treated patients isn't enough to drive acute FEV1 benefit. However, we definitely want to test the hypothesis that with a first-generation and a second-generation corrector, which obviously drives a lot more activity from that single F508 allele that we could potentially drive increasing acute FEV1 even in these well-treated patients. So our intention is to include those patients in our Phase 3 program. Just to be really clear, you said would it be a separate trial. That I can't comment on because obviously the trial design we don't talk about. But the fundamental question, are we going to include gating patients in our Phase 3 triple program, absolutely, because we really want to answer that question of can we produce even more acute FEV1 improvement. But equally important, I just want to remind you that this study really only look at the acute improvement. And there's a whole different very important aspect to these CFTR corrector regimens, which is chronic improvement. The improvement in things like the slope of decline of the pulmonary function curve, the pulmonary exacerbation, the hospitalization, the use of antibiotics, mortality, transplantation, et cetera. And one of the things we've learned from our trials, as you know, is that there's somewhat of a disconnect between the acute improvement that you see and the chronic improvement you see. So, as you know, in KALYDECO, we see double-digit acute improvements in FEV1; with ORKAMBI, we see about a 2.8% to 3% of improvement acutely. But when we look chronically, what we see is actually quite similar between the two medicines in terms of decreases in slope of decline, pulmonary exacerbation, et cetera. And that's just really, really important for these patients over the long run. So, what we want to do now with the triple where we know we could drive a lot more activity off of those single or double F508 alleles is to test the acute hypothesis, can we drive more activity even acutely by adding a lot more F508 correction and chronically we want to ask, will these patients do better as we get them closer and closer to essentially carrier levels. We believe that, but we have to prove it in clinical trials. It's a really important thing because this maybe some of the last time we could do these kinds of trials in these patients compare them the placebo or simpler treatment. So, we will want them to include those in the Phase 3 program.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: And, Phil, I would just add that our prior communications around the inclusion in the Phase 2 and therefore in the Phase 3 potential was a lot to do with the speed of closure. We were going through Hart-Scott-Rodino review with that transaction, and we were unsure of when that would close and when we'd get a positive opinion. We did get that, and it's allowed us to move quickly internally and, therefore, incorporate VX-561 into the Phase 2 programs to gather data to make the decision in early 2018.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. Robyn, it's Jeff. So, you're absolutely right. Our number one focus, for obvious reasons and for patient reasons, is to move the triples forward as quickly as we can. That doesn't mean that we're not focusing on the non-CF pipeline, we are. We're just not talking about it as much. Your question was, why take two forward? And it really is just what you said. It's a portfolio risk mitigation strategy. As you know, Phase 3 is about both efficacy, multiple endpoints as well as safety. And we have multiple regimens. We would hate to take one regimen forward, get any kind of surprise in Phase 3 and we set back by a year or two for patients because these patients are waiting for the therapy. So, by taking two forward, we just feel we're mitigating risk significantly, actually. And, yes, would we launch to – again, everything is going to depend on the data, but if you ask me today, our intention would be to pick the best regimen and launch one regimen, assuming there were no major differences in different patient populations, because at the end of the day, it's just less confusing for patients I think if there's one regimen that treats 90% of patients. With respect to the pipeline, as I said, the programs are moving forward very nicely. We're very pleased. David Altshuler is really driving those programs forward at multiple sites. And we expect to bring some of them into the clinic next year. And I think certainly, when we begin to bring them into the clinic, we'll begin to talk more about them and show you some of that data. So, you should expect from us to hear more about several of these in 2018.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: Maybe I'll take that. This is Jeff Leiden. So first, the question just in CF, just to remind you that the ENaC inhibitor obviously is a complementary mechanism. It doesn't work through chloride transport. It works through sodium transport. And therefore, we can't do the kinds of HB assays on chloride transport that we typically do with any of our CFTR modulators. But the best that we can do and did do in the HB assays was to do the height of the hydration layer and the frequency of ciliary beating. And in those assays, with ORKAMBI, it looked like adding ENaC enhanced the activity of ORKAMBI to increase the fluid layer and the ciliary beat frequency, which is why we went ahead to do the Phase 3 trial, which I think taught us that there isn't a clinical benefit that we're seeing in that population after addition of ORKAMBI. How does that read through to primary ciliary dyskinesia? I'm not sure you can make a direct comparison. The question is, again, does increasing the fluid layer improve pulmonary function in primary ciliary dyskinesia? And the reason we're doing the trial is there are theoretical reasons to think so, but the only way to really answer the question is, in patients that trial is ongoing. And when we finish, I think we'll have a pretty definitive answer about the role of ENaC inhibitors in that disease as well.
Jeffrey M. Leiden, M.D., Ph.D.: It depends a little bit on how it's enrolled. It's enrolling now well. But we'd like to finish and see the enrollment complete and understand how that plays out in the timeline. We'll let you know when we get there.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening. We're very pleased with the clinical progress we've been able to make across multiple CF studies this year, which are bringing us closer to our goal of treating all patients with CF. First, I will review results from three different studies in CF that recently completed. Then I will make comments on our ongoing triple combination programs. I'll start with the ORKAMBI clinical results. We are pleased to have announced tonight Phase 3 results of ORKAMBI in children two to five years of age with CF who have two copies of the F508del mutation. The primary endpoint of the study was safety, and the result show that the treatment was well tolerated. In addition, the study also showed improvements in CF-related disease measures, including sweat chloride and nutritional status. These are the first findings to show the safety and benefit of ORKAMBI in children as young as two. CF is a devastating and progressive disease. And our goal has been to evaluate our medicines in younger and younger patients so that we may establish a basis for intervening earlier with medicines that change the course of the disease. Based on the results from the ORKAMBI two to five study, we expect to submit for regulatory approval by regulatory authorities in the U.S. and Europe in the first quarter of 2018. Now to the tezacaftor/ivacaftor. We announced top line data from a Phase 3 study evaluating the addition of tezacaftor in people with CF ages 12 and older with one copy of the F508del mutation and a second-gating mutation who were already receiving ivacaftor monotherapy. The study did not meet its primary endpoint as there was no difference in FEV1 for those who added tezacaftor in addition to ivacaftor that they were already taking compared to those receiving placebo in addition to ivacaftor. Importantly, safety data from the study show that the combination was generally well tolerated, and the safety profile was consistent with that observed in prior studies of the tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination. For secondary endpoints, we also looked at sweat chloride and CFQ-R. In sweat chloride, we saw a decrease of approximately 6 millimol compared to ivacaftor monotherapy that was statistically significant and no difference in CFQ-R. Based on these results, we do not plan to seek approval for tezacaftor/ivacaftor in gating patients who also have an F508del mutation. The vast majority of all patients with a gating mutation around the world are receiving KALYDECO, and we expect that they will continue to do so. Now, to our ENaC inhibitor, VX-371. We've also announced the results from a Phase 2 28-day study of an inhaled ENaC inhibitor, VX-371, when added to ORKAMBI. The study dosed 142 CF patients ages 12 and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. The study did not meet its primary efficacy endpoint. In these patients who are already receiving ORKAMBI, the addition of VX-371 did not produce changes in FEV1 when administered with or without hypertonic saline. Safety data from the study showed that the addition of VX-371 to ORKAMBI was generally well tolerated, and a safety profile was consistent with that observed in prior studies of VX-371 monotherapy. We continue to conduct a Phase 2 study of VX-371 monotherapy in patients with primary ciliary dyskinesia. I will conclude with some remarks on our triple combination regimen as they continue to advance. We are well positioned with four different triple combination regimens in Phase 2, three of which have already demonstrated significant clinical activity and good tolerability in two to four-week studies. We recently announced that we have included the experiment of potentiator, VX-561 formerly CTP-656, into the Phase 2 studies of the next-generation correctors, VX-659 and VX-445. VX-561 could play an important role in a future once-daily combination regimen that treats the underlying cause of CF. We remain on track to begin pivotal development for up to two triple regimens in the first half of 2018, and I look forward to updating you on our plans. With that, I will now hand the call over to Ian.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hey, Michael. Thanks for the question. Maybe, given my comments, we expect to collect all the data on the triple regimen portfolio. We expect to have a really good view into that in early 2018. At that point, we can have a more let's say detailed discussion. But the strategy of how we're approaching the pivotal studies, the timelines, Jeff Leiden and then maybe Stuart can talk to you about how we think about tezacaftor/ivacaftor launching in 2018.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Michael, I should have been a little clearer about that. There are two different – or three different consideration to this. The acute benefit, and as I said, we know we can see that pretty quickly within certainly 8 to 12 weeks. There's the long-term benefit in things like pulmonary exacerbations, hospitalization, antibiotic use. If you look at that that's typically is going to take six months, and then there's, of course, the safety database which we need to provide an adequate one. Having said that, obviously, what we're going to try to do is to come up with a regulatory strategy which fits that that point of view, which means that we don't necessarily believe that we need to wait all the way to the end of all of those measurements to file regulatory submissions, particularly for the patients who don't have anything today.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hey, Matt. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. Really, we don't expect that. I just would remind you that these are long-term studies and that the patients get treated acutely and then we follow them for quite a bit of time. It's all going to depend on the rate of enrollment, and then even once the patient is enrolled, it takes some time to get data. So it's just really too early to tell, but I wouldn't expect any next year.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yeah. Two good questions. Thanks, Brian. And the second question is very easy. Yes, you're right on the money there. We would take, for instance – or could take VX-659 and VX-445 forward, but almost certainly one of those would be once-a-day, one of them would be twice-a-day KALYDECO for exactly the reasons you said just to mitigate the risk. So that's an easy answer. And then your other question about FRT cells, yes, we have and are continuing to accumulate data on the triple in FRT cells with many of the different RFs and other mutations, and certainly those are part of our discussions with the regulator.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yeah, Phil. Nothing has changed except we've been working really hard on that program to accumulate the data we would need to include it in these Phase 2 programs. And basically what we're announcing today is that we feel we have an update and feel comfortable in including it in the programs. We've done so. And so, we do think it will allow us in the first half of next year to make that kind of decision about whether to include it or not and with which regimen.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So, Phil, you've identified all of the key questions, but that's exactly what we're discussing with the FDA. All of those that you talked about. As I said, we think we've learned a lot from our trials. It will allow us to streamline these trials particularly for those patients who don't have anything today. But until we have those discussions finalized, we've seen all the data from the Phase 2. It's just too early for me to give you any specific answers because we just don't have agreement yet from the regulators on each of those questions.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So you didn't come through very clear, so if we could just make sure we got the questions. So the first question was, does ORKAMBI have room to grow. Maybe...
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So in the homozygous and het/min patients, where we've had a lot of experience now enrolling our Phase 2 trials with triples, we're very, very confident that not only are there enough patients, but the demand to get into these clinical trials and try these regimens given the strength of the results that we're seeing is very, very high. I think there are enough patients in the other population as well. The only thing I would note to you is, in the KALYDECO-treated gating patients, for example, it has been a little more difficult to recruit those trials, as you know, because the patients are so well treated. And so to convince them to come back in takes a little more convincing. We'll see how that goes when we get to those patients. But that's certainly not going to slow down any sort of regulatory filings.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yeah. Great question. Let me take it in two parts. First of all, just to give you our view of the early Phase 2 data, we don't believe that you can actually distinguish yet between the different triple combinations with respect to FEV1 or population. They were all in the close to double-digit range, and given the size of those trials, distinguishing between 9% and 10% in a trial like that is probably not a good idea. We may or may not have enough data once we get through all the Phase 2 trials to make those decisions and distinguish that way and we'll see. And your second part of the question, which is absolutely right is, of course, the final decision will depend upon the data. And the Phase 3 data will be hopefully quite robust and give us the ability to really distinguish both on the efficacy and the safety side. Having said all that, my hope, and it's a hope, is that what we'll see is a pretty clear best regimen, if you will, which would allow us to launch one regimen. As you say it, in the chance or the possibility that we saw significant and reproducible differences between the different regimens of different populations, of course, we would always launch the best regimen into each population. So, it will depend on what we see, but I'm just trying to give you a little bit of crystal ball gazing on what we'd like to do.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And, Michael, it's Stuart here. On the tezacaftor/ivacaftor, whether we think it's got the opportunity to grow the CF franchise, we certainly do. We think, given the benefit/risk profile that it has, it really provides a tremendous new treatment option which is going to allow more patients to be treated with the CFTR modulator. There's probably a couple of different kind of groups of patients I'd point you to. The first would be in the homozygous population. As you know, with ORKAMBI there, we've had a number of patients who discontinued ORKAMBI often due to adverse events given the benefit risk profile of tezacaftor/ivacaftor, I think that's a population which is likely to see high demand for tezacaftor/ivacaftor. We also know that in the homozygous population, there's a number of patients who've never been initiated on ORKAMBI often because of their views of the benefit risk profile. And I think that's another population that potentially could be excited by a new treatment option. And then the third one would be in the residual function population. We obviously have the indication here for KALYDECO for those ivacaftor responsive mutations. Not all of those patients are yet on KALYDECO, and so for those who are naïve, again, tezacaftor/ivacaftor could be a good option for those patients. And obviously outside of the U.S. further down the line, the same in the homozygous population but the residual function patients there, outside the U.S., don't have any approved treatment to treat the underlying cause of their disease. So, we certainly see tezacaftor/ivacaftor as a very important new treatment option, which can grow the number of patients being treated with the CFTR modulator.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks for the question, Alethia. It's Stuart here. I'll take that one. Private negotiations can be or are ongoing in multiple countries. As you know, we've had significant success through 2017 in places like Germany, Ireland, Italy, and Denmark. And I'm pleased to say just today we reached an agreement in principle with the Netherlands, which is another important country for us. There are patients there who've been waiting a long time as well. So we're pleased with the progress we're making with ORKAMBI. It's never as fast as we or the CF community would like obviously. We're also pleased with the prices that we are achieving in Europe. We think they reflect the value of this transformative medicine. And importantly, they're very consistent across the different countries in Europe, which is an important principle for us because we know that the value of ORKAMBI is the same for a patient no matter what country they live in. So we're continuing to progress those, and we want to conclude those pricing and reimbursement agreements as quickly as we possibly can because we know that CF is a relently progressive disease and these patients are getting sicker and sicker whilst they could be benefiting from ORKAMBI. Obviously, the filing of tez/iva and indeed the high-level awareness there is about the triple combination data has led a number of countries to inquire about portfolio-type arrangements like the one that we have struck in Ireland. And if we could strike those kinds of arrangements, I would certainly do that with any country at obviously a reasonable price because I think that's a win for us as a company, and I certainly believe it's a win for patients and physicians because it allows access to the best Vertex medicines as soon as they're possibly available. So we'll continue to pursue pricing and reimbursement agreements with ORKAMBI with as much speed as we possibly can, but are certainly open to any government who wants to enter into a more portfolio type agreement as well. But obviously we don't want that to slow down access to ORKAMBI because those patients are waiting today.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So, thanks for the question, Shawn. Obviously, I'll take the first one and Jeff Leiden can take over. I'll try again on the revenue recognition. So, if we do not get reimbursed in 2017, we still have that bolus of cash we received for providing medicines in France sitting on our balance sheet as we go to 2018. At the point, starting January 1, we will record revenues going forward in 2018. And that will be an estimated price that we anticipate that we would receive in France, and that will be recorded on the revenue line. That bolus of revenues from the prior period still sits on the balance sheet. At the point that we actually get reimbursement for approval in France, that bolus of revenues will go through retained earnings. It will not go through revenues. And so, we continue to record revenues in an estimate price on the top line in 2018 with or without approved reimbursement, but our bolus will longer go through our revenue line. It's a function of the change in the GAAP for revenue recognition.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: I do, Phil. So, for KALYDECO, we had $133 million in the quarter in the U.S., $80 million ex-U.S. And for ORKAMBI, it was $293 million in the U.S., and $43 million ex-U.S. in Q3.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So in the 6 to 11 age group here in the U.S., we've seen very robust uptake in that patient group. And we've seen, as we anticipated, persistence levels which are quite high and compliance levels which are quite high, both of them actually higher than what we've seen in the older patients, and that was as we anticipated. It was based on the clinical profile that we saw in the studies that we did in this patient population where the respiratory adverse events and dropout rates were very low. And we know in these younger patients because they're largely under the supervision of their parents that compliance rates tend to be higher. In terms of further growth, yes, I anticipate we are going to see further growth in that 6 to 11 population, both here in the U.S. because I don't think we've yet reached peak penetration in that patient group. And then obviously, we're still awaiting the approval of that indication outside of the U.S., and that will also give us an opportunity to further grow ORKAMBI in that population. I think your second question was around seasonality. Did we see any seasonality in Q3 or inventory impacts for Q3? We really didn't see anything out of the ordinary in terms of inventory impacts in Q3. One thing we didn't experience this year that we had experienced last year with ORKAMBI was a compliance dip during the summer months. I think we learned the lessons of why that happened. The team put a number of programs in place, and we didn't see any compliance dip with ORKAMBI in Q3, and that was one of the reasons why we saw such strong demand during the quarter.
