Charles Wagner: Good evening. This is Charlie Wagner, Vertex' Chief Financial Officer. Welcome to our second quarter 2022 financial results conference Call.  On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and myself. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. Also, the call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.  We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP.  I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. In the second quarter of 2022, Vertex continued to deliver strong financial performance. Second quarter product revenues were $2.2 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our growth was again driven by an increased number of patients on therapy compared to the prior year, resulting from several approvals and reimbursements for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO over the last year as well as continued strong execution with market launches.  Movements in foreign exchange had only a small impact on reported growth, primarily because of our active hedging program, which helps offset impact from currency movements.  Our second quarter combined non-GAAP SG&A, R&D and acquired IPR&D expenses were $750 million compared to $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2021. The year-over-year decline was primarily related to the $900 million payment in the second quarter of 2021 for the amended collaboration agreement with CRISPR Therapeutics. This effect was partially offset by higher expenses resulting from our advancing pipeline, especially in CF, pain and type 1 diabetes as well as expenses for CF launches and pre-commercial activities for exa-cel.  Our continued strong revenue growth, combined with our efficient operating model resulted in a Q2 non-GAAP operating margin of 54% and non-GAAP operating income of $1.19 billion compared to $71 million in the second quarter of 2021. This increase was primarily driven by strong product revenue growth and the year-over-year comparison to the second quarter of 2021, which included the $900 million payment to CRISPR. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2022 was 22%. We ended the quarter with $9.3 billion in cash and investments, and our balance sheet profile remains very strong.  As Reshma highlighted, on the external innovation front, we've recently announced multiple business development deals including the acquisition of Viacyte for $320 million in cash with closing subject to certain conditions, including the expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period. This transaction will bring us tools, technologies and assets that will accelerate our goal of bringing curative therapy to millions of people with type 1 diabetes.  Now to guidance. We are raising our 2022 product revenue guidance to a range of $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion based on current exchange rates. The increase reflects the rapid uptake we have seen with new launches in geographies where we recently secured reimbursement for TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO as well as continued performance in the U.S. Year-over-year, our updated guidance represents product revenue growth of approximately 15% at the midpoint.  Now to OpEx. Our R&D strategy was designed to deliver disproportionate success and we are seeing that strategy play out with multiple programs now in mid- and late-stage development, each of which could drive significant future growth. With our strong financial profile, we expect to continue investing in both internal innovation with our rapidly advancing pipeline as well as external innovation that fits with our R&D strategy and complements our existing portfolio. As a result, non-GAAP operating expenses for the year are now projected to be in a range of $3 billion to $3.1 billion, an increase from our previous guidance of $2.82 billion to $2.92 billion. The increase is primarily due to incremental expenses resulting from the advancement of our pipeline programs into late-stage clinical trials, particularly in pain and AMKD as well as additional upfront and milestone payments.  Finally, we continue to project a non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%. As we consider the second half of 2022 and into early 2023, we look forward to a number of important milestones to mark our continued progress, several of which are outlined on this slide.  As Reshma discussed earlier in the call, Vertex is at a new inflection point. We're in our eighth consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth, and we've built a remarkably durable business with long-term leadership in CF delivering strong cash flow for years to come. We're also well on our way to diversifying the business and adding to our long-term growth potential with 5 disease areas now in late-stage development and multiple new medicines set to enter the clinic. We are developing these programs with the intent of creating transformative, high-value medicines, each of which represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity.  Fueled by our success in CF, we can continue to invest in our advancing pipeline while also delivering exceptional profitability and cash flow. As always, we look forward to updating you on our further progress throughout the balance of the year.  Let's now open the call to questions.
Charles Wagner: Sure. Good question. As we mentioned, the success that we've had in the pipeline recently really is unprecedented. And so not surprisingly, with the great data and several multibillion-dollar opportunities, we are investing behind the success of these programs, and that really is what drives the OpEx increase in recent quarters and in our guidance. Specifically in the guidance I would highlight the success in pain and AMKD as the biggest drivers of the change in the OpEx guidance. And importantly, all of the increase, 90-plus percent of the increase is in R&D. So it's certainly very, very good news from our perspective, and we'll continue to invest.  In terms of the ability to sustain margins, we have a fantastic model. When you develop transformative medicines for serious diseases, there's tremendous value unlocked there, which allows us to consistently reinvest in innovation. And so we believe that with this model, we can sustain very, very attractive operating margins for the foreseeable future.  Your specific question around Viacyte. That is not in the guidance yet as we are in the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and can't accurately forecast a close date for the transaction. That is not included in the guidance. And when we know the transaction close date, we'll update accordingly.
Charles Wagner: Yes, I was just going to say thank you, to everyone, for tuning into the Q2 call tonight. If you have additional questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations team who are available in the office this evening. Good night.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Salveen, this is Reshma. With regard to the exa-cel program and what the FDA is looking for, it is down to these 2 areas for us to reach conclusion on the number of patients in the file and the duration of follow-up. We are -- we have been having conversations, very productive conversations with them over the last many months, and we are done in our -- in terms of the conversations for the preclinical package, CMC and manufacturing and all of the other modules. It is about these 2 areas. And we are expecting to wrap up these conversations in the coming weeks. So we don't have to speculate. We'll be able to update you after that. But it is really down to just those 2 points; number of patients they'd like to see in the file and the duration of follow-up.  I will just reiterate that we've -- these are similar topics that we've been talking to the EMA and MHRA on, and we have come to conclusion on that.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Michael, there were two questions in there. One about AMKD and one about exa-cel. Let me just close out on exa-cel first.  As we were just discussing, we are going to have our meetings with the FDA to wrap up these discussions in the coming weeks. And so we're not going to need to speculate. We'll be able to update you on the specifics and give you a timeline in the near future.  With regard to AMKD, the point that you make about the difficulty enrollment based on the patient population is a really good point. While the AMKD population shares many similarities with CF, genetically driven disease, about 100,000 patients, and our approach to treating CF is by targeting the CFTR protein, the underlying cause of disease. It's the same thing with AMKD. We're targeting the APOL1 protein. Where the big difference comes in is in diagnosis, disease awareness and genotyping. But recognizing this, we've inserted 3 initiatives into this Phase II/III program. The first is we're opening over 150 sites globally so that we have sites to close to where the patients are, and simply many of them. Second, we have an observational study ongoing. That's a genotyping study. People who genotype in with 2 APOL1 alleles are then eligible and could be enrolled in the randomized controlled trial. And lastly, as you heard Stuart discuss, we're working with patient groups and physician groups and the community as a whole to raise awareness.  I will point out, Michael, that the beauty of the Phase II/III study is we do everything upfront. That is to say that the phase -- the trial sites that will be the Phase III trial sites, they're all being opened up right now as part of the Phase II/III study.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sorry about -- you had a question on the data. When we are at the point of having selected our dose on the Phase II part, you should expect to hear from us.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. I think the question is how are we thinking about the patients who would enroll and what do we think their baseline characteristics would be in this AMKD population?  To reground the unifying entry criteria for the Phase II/III study are really threefold in terms of the key criteria. The first is 2 APOL1 alleles. The second is a reduced renal function. And the third is proteinuria that's greater than 0.7 grams. So all patients in this study will have those key criteria. Now of course, as you point out, there's going to be a spectrum of disease, and we fully expect patients to have diversity in terms of the range of proteinuria as well as the renal function. But the really important point is that this is a rather homogeneous population of 2 APOL1 alleles, proteinuria and reduced kidney function.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, it's a great question. I'm sure the teams are planning to share that data. That study because it is a very simple observational study that is genotyping people is already well into the hundreds of patients that we have screened and enrolled. I'm sure the IR team can give you specifics offline.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing, Liisa. So SKYLINE -- the 2 SKYLINE studies and now the RIDGELINE study, which is the study of 121/561 tezacaftor in the 6- to 11-year-olds, which is also ongoing. Here's what we're looking for based on every piece of data that we have, including our HBE assays, which you know is not only qualitatively but quantitatively predictive of what we see in the clinic. We expect to see greater sweat chloride than even TRIKAFTA. Based on the Phase II studies where we looked at sweat chloride and we looked at ppFEV1, we expect 121/561 tez has the potential to be even greater than TRIKAFTA. And at the end of the day, what we are really looking for here is ppFEV1, sweat chloride levels and, of course, the safety profile.  From what we see preclinically and clinically in those Phase II studies that I described, I expect that 121/561 tez has the real potential to be superior to TRIKAFTA. And remember, when we talk about that, the best readout of the function of CFTR modulators is on sweat chloride. That's the most direct readout, the PD readout, if you will. And that has been consistently superior in HBEs, Phase I and our Phase II studies.
Reshma Kewalramani: Geoff, sure thing. This is Reshma. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about the market opportunity.  This is one of the programs that I have very high enthusiasm for it, and we are -- we have high expectations for it. And the reason for that is, I've already talked about the genetic and pharmacologic validation, but the other reason for this is it really has potential across acute pain, neuroplastic pain and, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain, although the focus right now in terms of where the program is most advanced is in acute pain.  The last reason I have such excitement for this program is the market opportunity is near term. Let me describe the pivotal program. And yes, we have completed our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA, and we have reached agreement on this program.  So here's the program. It's about 2,000-or-so patients in 2 randomized controlled trials that look exactly like the Phase II trial, one in abdominoplasty, and one in bunionectomy and a third single-arm study that takes all pain types, procedure-related as well as, for example, a fracture or a sprain or soft tissue injury. And the program is so designed so that we have a broad acute pain indication for the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain. That's really the beauty of this program.  Stuart, I'm going to turn it over to you for market potential.
Reshma Kewalramani: Evan, this is Reshma. To add to what Stuart said, there is a raging opioid epidemic in this country. And it is a public health crisis. So I think the most recent CDC report indicated 75,000 deaths in this last year, which is a 35% increase over the past year. So this is not a historic issue. It's a current day crisis. And I think that this approach that Stuart described where there is a step from over-the-counter pain medicines and then to a drug like VX-548, which because it only works in the periphery, there are no central receptors. There is no addictive potential here, I think, has enormous potential. And from physicians and community groups and health care officials that we've spoken with, there is huge enthusiasm for this kind of mechanism.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Colin, let me just tackle the 548 question first, and then I'll get to Viacyte and the type 1 diabetes programs. The 548 programs are the pivotal program. It's really quite an efficient development program. These studies are quite short in duration. We know exactly how to do them. We've done them with VX-150. We did it again with VX-548. And the RCTs, the 2 randomized clinical trials, are very well understood surgical procedures, bunionectomy and abdominoplasty. I expect that these programs will progress quickly.  With regard to the Viacyte acquisition. The real goal here for us in the type 1 diabetes program is to transform, if not cure, this disease. That is certainly what we are aiming for. And we have 3 programs internally aimed at exactly that goal, VX-880, let's call it the naked cell program. The next program, which is the same cells as VX-880 in a device to evade the immune system. And the third program is those same cells that we edit and we call them hypoimmune cells. We are well on our way to achieving this goal of transforming type 1 diabetes, which you can see from the first 2 patients dosed at half dose with VX-880. What we're doing and the value of the Viacyte acquisition is accelerating our ability to get there. Specifically, Viacyte brings us tools and technologies, IP capabilities in manufacturing in particular and talent that's going to accelerate our ability to get to this cure.  If I double-click on that, what I'm really talking about are GMP cell lines, GMP manufacturing, access to a clinical-stage program with hypoimmune cells via the Viacyte CRISPR collaboration. And as we did with CF, our goal here -- and what we expect to do is move multiple programs in parallel and then choose the best one or ones to take the late-stage development and commercialization.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. With regard to the question around the interim analysis, and is the agency supported of an accelerated approval based on the interim analysis. Unambiguously, yes. This is one of the points of agreement that we reached at our end of Phase II meeting, which is one of the very important points that we were driving to ensure we had conclusion on. The reason for that is the following: APOL1-mediated FSGS or APOL1-mediated kidney disease as a whole is a different ball of wax than non-APOL1-mediated kidney disease. In other words, those who have 2 APOL1 alleles have very aggressive disease. We're talking about rate of declines annually north of 5 CCs per year. That is a very significant reduction in kidney function.  Unfortunately, there are no specific treatments for AMKD, and they certainly are no targeted treatments. So even though patients are often on standard of care medicines, this decline that I talked about is continuing. So with regard to our program, we have designed it to have this interim analysis after 48 weeks of treatment, where we will be able to assess the proteinuria difference between those treated with VX-147 versus the standard of care as well as the decline in renal function. And because these patients are so fit and the progression is so fast, it offers the opportunity to make this assessment at 1 year, which is not always the case in non-APOL1-mediated kidney disease. That's why it usually takes longer because the rate of decline is just playing slower. Very, very different in AMKD.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. We have been having conversations, and we're really fortunate because we have every designation offered by regulators on this side of the pond and the other that allow us to have frequent conversations with them. And so we've been having these conversations with MHRA, EMA and FDA for many months. The topic of conversations have evolved because over time, we've settled out the preclinical package. We've settled out on CMC and manufacturing and all of the other modules. The conversation with EMA and MHRA towards the end as we were concluding those discussions, we're on the same point as with FDA. And that was around number of patients in the filing and duration of follow-up. We have come to conclusion. We have reached agreement. And therefore, I can say that we are on track, and we fully expect to get our filing in towards the end of this year.  With regard to the FDA, we simply haven't hit that milestone yet that we have with MHRA and EMA. We simply haven't concluded our discussions on the number of patients and the duration of follow-up. I do expect we will do so in the coming few weeks, and I look forward to updating you after that.
Reshma Kewalramani: With regard to the AATD program, AATD remains a disease of high interest, and one that fits the Vertex strategy like a glove. I'm excited that the next wave of molecules are about to enter the clinic, and I do expect the IND for at least 1 to go in this year, but there are many molecules, more than 1 in this next wave. We have been able to dial up the potency. The doses are low. I expect that we're going to fully explore the dose range. And I expect that we'll have results that we can talk about by next year.  So the programs are progressing and the opportunity here, Hartaj, just to remind others, is to tackle both the lung and liver manifestations of this disease. That's why the small molecule approach is so inviting to us, and why we're so eager to pursue it. All the other approaches out there simply don't tackle both manifestations of disease. And in my mind, therefore, are not transformative. So that's really what we're looking for. And next year, we should have results that we can all look at and evaluate.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. I'm going to ask Stuart to comment on the opportunity, the near-term opportunity with busulfan in the long term, and I'll come back and tell you a little bit about manufacturing.
Reshma Kewalramani: And with regard to the manufacturing, in the grand scheme of things, this is an easier manufacturing challenge than other diseases that are being tackled with CRISPR-Cas9, for example. And I say that because this is ex vivo gene editing. And in essence, what we're talking about is a guide RNA and Cas9.  The second point to make here is that -- and credit to our partners at CRISPR, we've thought about the commercial manufacturing of this therapy from the get-go. I mean that in terms of the process development. I also mean that in terms of the actual manufacturing sites. It's fundamentally the same process that we are using in the clinical trial space, that is what we will be using in the commercial space. And it's actually the exact same manufacturing sites as well. So we feel really good about where we are with the commercial manufacturing of CTX001. And as I said, in the grand scheme of things, it's an easier challenge because it's ex vivo gene editing, and it is Cas9 and guide RNA, and that's it.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Geoff. And so why we're so excited about our agreement with the FDA and the broad indication it could lead to if the studies are positive, which we have a high level of confidence, they will be is because the moderate-to-severe acute pain market is incredibly large.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, it's over 1.5 billion with the B treatment days a year in the U.S. alone. And 2/3 of those are about 1 billion treatment days a year are either initiated in hospital or influenced by hospital as a result of patients being discharged after either their inpatient or outpatient visit where they were given treatment for pain.  So 1.5 billion treatment days, as you know, the vast majority of that market is currently genericized. But even so, it's a $4 billion market in the U.S. alone today. And so we know that if we bring to market a highly effective pain med that also has a great safety and tolerability profile, we should expect to be able to get a decent share of that market and then a branded oral pain medicine at price of around $10 a day. That is a very significant multibillion-dollar opportunity. And so that's why both Reshma and I have a high level of enthusiasm for this program.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Evan, it's Stuart here. I'll take that one. So the way acute pain is currently managed, obviously, if it were very, very mild, people might be taking kind of over-the-counter pain meds, then people would go to transition to kind of sort of nonsteroidal, then go through to opioids and then maybe something else. So what we're imagining here with VX-548 is essentially sort of a step therapy approach where we would be sort of inserting ourselves between those initial prescription NSAs and opioids. And we believe that's a realistic proposition based on the clinical profile that we've seen to date and our discussions with physicians, that's where they would see this kind of medicine fitting in. So that's how we would see it fitting into the treatment paradigm based on the sort of efficacy profile and safety and tolerability profile that we've seen.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Brian, thanks for the question. So across the U.S. and the EU, across sickle cell and TDT, we think there's approximately 150,000 patients who have sickle cell disease or beta thalassemia. Our initial launch is going to focus on those that have more severe disease, similar to the patients that are being included in the clinical trial, those that are likely to consider going through this treatment given the current busulfan conditioning regimen. We think that population is probably around 32,000 patients, about 25,000 of those are sickle cell disease patients and the majority of those are in the United States. So that's the initial launch population.  In terms of what the opportunity could look like if we can get to a truly gentler conditioning regimen, which may turn this kind of much more towards an outpatient procedure. Reshma will comment on it technically. But in terms of opportunity, we think that would significantly expand it beyond the 32,000 well into the 150,000 population. Maybe not all the way there, but certainly expand it significantly. It would become a procedure that a significantly higher number of people would consider having.
