Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey, Michael, good afternoon. Let's do the  question first and then I'll come to capital allocation and M&A So we have obviously established ourselves as a leader in CF over the last decade plus. And over the recent few years, we've expanded that leadership first with TRIKAFTA that can serve up to 90% of people with CF. And then with the specific program that you're asking about VX-121 / 561 Tez, which pre -clinically in these HBE cells that are a model that translate from bench-to-bedside have demonstrated the potential to have even better efficacy than TRIKAFTA. And in the clinical program from the Phase 2 results that we shared earlier in the year, where it looks that 121-561 test has Tsikata the ability to provide even more benefit than TRIKAFTA.  Make no mistake about it, TRIKAFTA set an incredibly high bar. It's an extraordinary medicine with a very high benefit risk profile, but 121, frankly, is the competitor to TRIKAFTA. It's years ahead of anything else in the field. If I just stand back and look at this, Mike, we have the best medicine for CF today in the form of Trikafta. We the best medicine for CF tomorrow in the form of 121561 Tezacaftor. And as I look, long-term, when you really think about CF, a chronic disease, children are born with this disease.  They're going to take medicine for a lifetime. Chronically, you're going to need long-term data. The kind of data that Stuart talked about in his prepared remarks. Mortality, lung transplantation, rate of decline, and to be clear, the only Company that has the short-term data and the long-term data is Vertex. With regard to capital allocation, Charlie, I'll ask you to comment on that one.
Reshma Kewalramani: Still on the question of the VX-147 program. Okay. So, on that one, I have high confidence in the Phase 2 proof-of-concept study, and I see that for really 3 reasons. The first is, the human genetics for APOL1-mediated kidney disease are strong. In fact, they are very strong. People who have kidney disease, who have Proteinuria, have 2 APOL1 Allele. They have universally poor outcomes. And the target therefore, is really exceptionally well validated. The second is our in vitro and in vivo studies, we've done portfolio of studies in vitro as well as in animal studies. We find good potency, good selectivity, and really strong reductions in proteinuria. And the third is that VX-147 has all of the drug-like properties that we seek.  As a nephrologist, I find this opportunity really very exciting, for the following reason: so, in Phase 2, we're studying APOL1-mediated FSGS. That is 1 kind of APOL1-mediated kidney disease. It's a very aggressive form of renal disease, about 10,000 people who have that. But APOL1-mediated proteinuric -- let's say, primary proteinuric kidney disease. I know it's a mouthful. There's about 100,000 people who have that. And if the Phase 2 study is positive in FSGS, what that really tells you is that we have now for the first time, found a small molecule that interdicts on APOL1 and can potentially be a therapy for that broad FSGS. Not only FSGS, but the broad AMKD market.  So, the full 100,000. And then with regard to what would we consider successful. Okay. So, the Phase 2 studies in FSGS, right? And the entry criteria are such that it's a very severe population. It's APOL1-mediated FSGS with a high burden of proteinuria and we allow stable doses of standard of care therapy. So, these patients are already on ACE s, ARB s, immunosuppressives, and steroids. So, in that kind of patient population with an aggressive disease with high levels of proteinuria already in standard of care, double-digit improvements in proteinuria, that would be impressive. Now, of course, higher is better but double-digit improvements in proteinuria, that would not only be important, it would be something that we've not seen before.
Reshma Kewalramani: Brian, really important questions on the mRNA program and there's a few different questions in there, so let me parse it out. There's a question in there about the dose targeting it to the right cells and how translatable the model is and then there's another question in there about how do we think about the 90%? Okay. So, I'm going to be circumspect with my comments. The insights are commercially sensitive, but here's what I can tell you: we have been very, very diligent and deliberate about dose and making sure that the mRNA, transcript and protein expression are in the right cells.  I would say that in drug development in this area, that's the most important part that many others have not gotten right and that's specifically why I talked about the HBE assays in vitro, and the small and large animal studies and the targeting of the mRNA construct to the relevant cells, which are the bronchial epithelial cells. And I feel very good about the dose selection, about the schedule of dosing, and the targeting to the appropriate cells. Now, with regard to the question about down the line, do we think this could be extended to the other 90%? I would actually look at it the other way.  CF is a systemic disease, it's not only a lung disease. And so, the real value of small molecule correction of the CFTR protein is that, you get systemic benefit. So, in the setting of the last 10%, and what I would contemplate is, if our -- we're successful with our mRNA program when we are in the clinic next year, it's combining the mRNA with a small molecule. We're obviously the only ones who could do that, and I think the opportunity to bring benefit to the last 10% is therefore tremendous.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. There are 2 different questions in there, Robyn. 1 about Type 1 diabetes and the device. And then a separate question about how we think about VX-121 561 test. And maybe I'll expand that to the next generation of CFTR modulators. Let's do CF first and then we'll -- let's do Type 1 diabetes next. Robyn, you know this, the TRIKAFTA KAFTRIO medicine can treat up to 90% of people with CF and it has really extraordinary efficacy. And what we see is that large numbers of patients, as you saw in the clinical trials program, get benefit in the double-digit improvements in ppFEV1, significant improvements in sweat chloride, in weight, in quality of life.  Now what we are trying to do in our long-term goal is to get all CF patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. And the reason we want to do that is because carriers really manifest almost no disease. And what I can tell you is 121, 561 Tez in our pre -clinical experiments in these HBE cells that have this quantitative and unquantitative relationship to what we see in the clinic. The 121 Tez 561 has the potential to be even better than TRIKAFTA on that dimension. But we've already identified another generation of molecule that, in our HBE assays looks like they're going to get us to that ultimate goal of getting all patients with CF, but 90% to carrier levels.  With regard to the device program, I'll ask Bastiano to comment, but here is the quantitative important thumbnail sketch of the field and what the real breakthrough that we have made. The problem with device historically has been foreign body reactions or fibrosis. And the second challenge with devices has been vascularization. Both of those challenges are what we tackled with our program and what we do not see with our device. So, what we do not see is fibrosis or foreign body reaction. And what we do see is really excellent vascularization. I'll let Bastiano to comment about the materials and the geometry and the configuration of the device that allows us to have the kind of effects that we have. Bastiano.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing. Let me ask Stuart to comment on how we see the CTX001 launch and the launch dynamics. Taking into account the question specifically about, whether there are capacity constraints in such. And I'll come back and tell you a little bit more about how we see the filings, Stuart.
Reshma Kewalramani: On the question on where are we with our filing and how are we thinking about the size, the dataset size -- I'll just step back for one moment to remind that we have had the benefit of having virtually every regulatory designation known both here and in the EU with ARMA, and Orphan, and Prime. That's allowed us to have a number of engagements with the agency and to be able to address a number of their questions.  We're really at the tail end of those conversations and the 2 areas on which we're wrapping our discussions are: 1. What is the sample size that is -- that they will require? And, 2. What's the duration of follow-up? I expect we're going to finish those discussions in the next couple of months and I do expect that the filing will go in towards the tail end of next year.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, good afternoon. With regard to your questions which really center around the next wave, whether it's 121, 561 Tezacaftor, which is already in the clinic in Phase 3 clinical trials, or the molecules that we've identified in San Diego that are going to be coming into the clinic. How are we thinking about this? How quickly can we go? What's the overall goal? So, to be clear, the goal here is to bring all patients with cystic fibrosis to carrier levels of sweat chloride. That is our long-stated goal, and that is what we are aiming for.  And I feel really good about where we are with 121/561 Tez, based on the pre -clinical results that I shared and the Phase 2 results that we shared earlier this year. And the next wave of molecules looks like they can be even better. So, we are well on our path to bringing forward therapies that can bring all CF patients to carrier levels of sweat chloride. With regard to speed and how fast can we go, right? I don't think that, anybody can go faster than us in cystic fibrosis for a couple of reasons. 1. We've already demonstrated that, we can do this very quickly. In TRIKAFTA, we went from the bench, so first synthesis of the molecule to U.S. approval in less than four years.  Outside of oncology, it's one of the fastest drug development programs ever. The second reason I say that we do this really fast is we have a lot of experience in this, right? We've already done it with 4 medicines on the market, the fifth one being 121, and 561. And with regard to where should we expect results in such, remember, the trials for TRIKAFTA, we enrolled in about 6 months. So that's a benchmark for the last set of clinical trials we did. I expect this to continue to use the -- what we know when our experience to move fast with 121, 561 test and the molecules behind that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Hey, Phil. Yes, thanks very much for the question. And, yeah. I'm enormously proud of our execution in this third quarter that led to the results that you commented on and led us to increasing our revenue guidance today. It's hard to comment specifically on kind of quarter-on-quarter what our growth rates going to be. But I'll give you a sense where we are in our overall growth trajectory. As you said, we got the approval further, 6- to 11-year-old for TRIKAFTA in June. So just prior to this quarter starting. We also secured new reimbursement agreements in important markets like Italy and France, and also most recently in Canada.  And the launches there are underway. What I can tell you is that the level of enthusiasm for the 6- to 11-year-old TRIKAFTA here in the U.S. and overseas. KAFTRIO is exceptionally high in line with that. We've seen in every other market where we've launched Trikafta, Kaftrio. So, there's launches are off to a strong start. Obviously, we're in the first few months of those launches. So, looking ahead, what do I see despite the fact that we've had really successful launches for Trikafta and Kaftrio. We're still actually only treating today about half of all the patients with CF who could benefit from medicines, overall.  And specifically, to CFTR modulators is about 30,000 patients yet to go in terms of patients who could benefit from our medicines. Now, you might ask yourself who are those patients? Well, those patients are patients in countries where we have reimbursement, where we're early in the launch sequence. Some of the markets I just described, there in countries where we have regulatory approvals with most of the world now, but where we have yet secure reimbursement agreements and they're in younger age groups, obviously 6- to 11-year-old. Outside the U.S. we don't yet have an approval and also, we're going to be pursuing approvals for TRIKAFTA KAFTRIO down to even younger age groups as we have done with KALYDECO and ORKAMBI.  So given our track record in securing approvals, getting reimbursement, and successfully launching, I have no doubt that we're going to get to the vast majority of those 30,000 patients over the coming years until I see substantial growth for our CF franchise between now and the middle of the next decade. And then as we announced today, we also made great progress with our mRNA program, which has the prospect of developing a medicine for the 10% of sober patients who don't respond to CFTR modulators. So, I think we've got substantial growth runway yet to go in CF. And Reshma back to you.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Lisah for the question. So, we saw the highest level with the overall opportunity and then I'll get to your question about the launch dynamics or our views on them at this early stage. So, in terms of people who have severe sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia between the U.S. and the EU, we think there's about 32,000 we estimate patients who have severe disease in both of those in the combined populations of sickle cell in vivo beta thalassemia. In sickle cell, it's about 25,000. And because of the nature of the disease, the vast majority of those are in the United States.  And that number is going to be validated by external physician surveys which would indicate that they think they would treat between 25% in the third of all of their sickle cell disease patients with a 1-time curative approach with the existing conditioning regimen. So, we think that's about the order of magnitude of patients who might be eligible for this initial phase of a gene-editing curative treatment. In terms of launch dynamics, it's really going to be a function of probably 4 things.  The first one is to the physician - and -patient interest in the technology. And based on the results that we've seen to-date and enthusiasm we've seen in the field, particularly as it translates into interest in our clinical trials, we expect the enthusiasm from the community to be high. The other end, it's going to be a function of our ability to manufacture. And as you can imagine, we're working diligently on our manufacturing processes to make sure that we have capacity to treat patients. But the bottleneck is likely to be in treatment centers.  And as you know, the treatment is going to be administered in transplant centers, there is a limited number of those in the U.S. and they also have competing priorities with malignant hematology conditions. And so, that is likely to be the right limiting step. We're obviously in the initial throws of evaluating those treatment centers and working with them. Again, we do think that enthusiasm to treat these patients is going to be high, given the very significant unmet need in sickle cell disease and thalassemia and the outstanding results we've seen to date.  So, without commenting specifically, because I wouldn't know the exact answer to that. But at this early stage, Lisah, those are likely to be some of the pinch points that were -- in terms of the launch dynamics. What I can tell you though, is we are expecting demand to be very, very substantial amongst those 32,000 patients, given the unmet need and the results we've seen.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. Cory, thanks for the question. I feel very confident in the team that we have on the ground in Europe and their ability to secure reimbursement and access for patients who have rare diseases. The transformative medicines, likely, I think may go to demonstrate the capability to capture and describe the unmet need in these types of conditions to gather and generate evidence on the both economic and clinical benefits of our medicines, translate those into value propositions, which makes sense to payers and then work creatively with payers to develop bespoke solutions country-by-country to secure reimbursement and access for our medicines. I think we've demonstrated that very, very successfully in CF and I'm looking forward to us being able to use those same capabilities to get access for patients with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in Europe.
