Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks, Salveen. Let me turn it over to Stuart for both the question on vanza commercialization and on the CASGEVY launch with the focus on the CMMI question.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Geoff. This is Reshma. Let me take that one. When we think about the patients who were enrolled in both the SKYLINE trials for the 12-year-old and above and the RIDGELINE patients, six to 11, there are already extension studies, so those patients have the opportunity to roll over into open-label extension studies, just like we did with TRIKAFTA. And I do suspect you're right about the ability to evaluate and document the overall improvements in patients with CF lives over time. And just to give you a sense for what I'm looking at and why I say that, if you look in the safety table that were one of the slides, unsurprisingly, the most common or one of the most common AEs in this patient population is pulmonary exacerbation. And if you look, there are less pulmonary exacerbations numerically in those safety table in the patients on vanza than the patients who are on TRIKAFTA, and TRIKAFTA is an amazing drug that is already documented improvements in pulmonary exacerbation and other longer-term outcomes. So, I do think you're very correct that we will be able to pick up these long-term outcomes as these patients are followed in the open-label extension studies and then as they are followed in registries and we are very fortunate in CF that the registries already exist and the vast majority of patients with cystic fibrosis are followed in registries.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, Mohit, let me ask Charlie to tackle the COGS question first and I'll come back and tell you about sweat chloride and clinical practice.
Reshma Kewalramani: Mohit, with regard to sweat chloride measurement in clinical practice, you are very correct. In terms of diagnosis, patients in the Western world are diagnosed by a gene test, a genetic test, when -- oftentimes when patients are born or when people are born, and then that's confirmed with a sweat chloride test. If the number is above 60, that's a diagnosis of CF. If it's between 30 mmol and 60 mmol for sweat chloride, that's indeterminate. And if it's less than 30, that is not diagnosed as CF. This is not a metric. Sweat chloride is not a measure that's followed routinely in clinical practice, but what physicians understand very well, especially pulmonologists who are CF experts is that, the underlying cause of disease in CF is dysfunction of the CFTR protein, that's very well-understood. And further, that a direct read-out of that CFTR protein function is sweat chloride. So I think the concepts are very well-understood, but sweat chloride, other than the diagnosis is not a commonly used test in the clinic.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, let me take bunionectomy, abdominoplasty, VX-548 first and then we'll come back to sweat chloride. You know what I actually find remarkable, Phil, is the -- how consistently 458 has performed. That to me is more striking than the smaller differences in bunionectomy read-out Phase 2 to Phase 3 or across from bunionectomy to abdominoplasty. So if I look at the totality of the VX-548 evidence and it's easy enough to do because the structure of the study design was very similar in Phase 2 and Phase 3 and we have the same dose, the high dose from Phase 2, you will see that bunionectomy and abdominoplasty performed virtually identically, like -- the SPID48 was something like 40 points or something like that, I think that was the actual number. And then when you move to Phase 3, again positive studies against placebo. In the grand scheme of things, this is remarkable, because as you know, the conduct of clinical trials in the pain field is notoriously difficult. Placebo effects move around significantly. The effect of any comparator group moves around significantly. So when I look at the totality of the data and for me that means looking at the data from Phase 2 to Phase 3, and it also means looking at the SPID48, let's focus on bunionectomy in bunionectomy and connecting that with the NPRS. Remember the NPRS is the actual score that feeds the SPID48, which is an integration of NPRS over time. So if you look at the NPRS data, the decrease in the NPRS is 3.4 points in bunionectomy, it's 3.4 points in abdominoplasty start to hour 48, and it's about a 50% decrease in terms of the relative decrease. And when you look at that in comparison to Norco, the opioid we used in the trial, that number is 3.2 in abdominoplasty, 3.6 in bunionectomy, and it's approximately a 50% reduction in terms of the relative change. So I put that all together and I see quite a bit of consistency and very good therapeutic effectiveness and efficacy. On sweat chloride, so it's a really, really great question. In order to sort of really understand this you have to triangulate a couple of different data points, one data point is around just the natural history and the genetics of this disease. So, take for example, patients who are FMS versus those who are FRF. FMS patients have very high sweat chloride and have more severe disease. FRF patients, the residual function patients have relatively better sweat chloride levels and relatively less severe disease, that's one set of data. And then to your point, if you look at interventional data, the data that we have the greatest reduction in ppFEV1, sweat chloride, and long term evidence is TRIKAFTA. And if you compare that to KALYDECO for example, you can see where TRIKAFTA does even better than KALYDECO, and the best example I can give you is on rate of decline. The TRIKAFTA real-world data on rate of decline shows, there is no decline. And until we got the TRIKAFTA what we could show is, we slowed the rate of decline. And so, I have every reason in the world to believe as the vanzacaftor triple is used over a longer time point and we get CFTR protein function to higher levels, and the vanza triple has given us the best highest achieved CFTR protein levels, I do think we're going to see long-term benefit. And yes, you can do all of that math and triangulation from the available data.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Evan, I think Stuart has talked about this and maybe I'll shorthand it by saying, we have the approximately 6,000 patients who are in the system, they are known to have CF. They're seen by a CF provider. They used to be on TRIKAFTA, so they're not lost. They simply have discontinued it either because of an adverse event or perhaps because of compliance [Technical Difficulty] vanza is of course once today. So we see those 6,000 patients potentially coming back and the short version of the conversation would be, they're coming to see their doctor. Usually, CF patients are seen by their doctor once a quarter. So when they return the conversation might be something like if and when vanza is approved, there is a new drug, it has this safety, it has this efficacy, do you want to try it, you had tried a medicine before, this is a new one, and the doctor and patient would have a communication about that. So the patients who are already on TRIKAFTA and are doing well, I suspect it's going to be just like it was from SYMDEKO and ORKAMBI to TRIKAFTA or from KALYDECO to TRIKAFTA. Our CF patients are very educated patients. They know what clinical trials are going on. They know what potential medicines might be coming down the pipe and they are interested in being treated with the most effective medicine, the medicine with the best benefit-risk. And they do this because it is a disease that starts at birth and is with them their entire life. Now with the life expectancy based on modeled data being in the [ADs] (ph), I do think the idea is that we can get patients to as close to normal as possible, at least we're on that journey with vanza is an attractive option for physicians and patients. And I suspect that's what that conversation is going to be about.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Let me take CASGEVY quickly, turn it over to Stuart, and then we'll just do one minute real quick with Charlie and he will tell you about the royalty structure for vanza. Real quickly on CASGEVY, we have not heard of there being a center capacity issue. And honestly, we have not heard about challenges for reimbursement. We've actually had very positive reception from payers, but I'll turn it over to Stuart to make a quick comment on activation and his perspective.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Colin, quickly on LFT elevations with the vanzacaftor triple as with all of the CFTR modulators, there are some elevations in LFTs. They are approximately the same with the vanzacaftor triple as with TRIKAFTA. On the pain program, Colin, this is exactly what you saw us do in CF, and frankly, what you should expect from us across the portfolio. And that is to say, a portfolio approach to every disease in our sandbox, if there is any way to improve on our assets. We aim to be the ones who do so. So a couple of examples of what we're doing with 993 for example. 993 is a medicine that may be able to be dosed both oral and IV and we're pursuing both. We believe that there is a real opportunity here for a patient to come into the hospital and have 993, one of our NaV1.8 inhibitors, be the medicine that they get for pain relief, let's say, interoperatively and then when they can take by mouth, then they can switch to 548, 993 as an example. Another example that we're working on, you know that we also have a pipeline of NaV1.7 inhibitors. Those are still in preclinical development, but they are making good progress. So one of the other elements, we're working on is formulations in terms of drug-drug interactions and the possibility to combine. So NaV1.7 could be a molecule as a single-agent therapy or it could also be a therapy in combination with NaV1.8 that's kind of a sense for what we're doing with our follow-on approach.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hey, Myles, we're not going to comment in detail on the first patients, but as Stuart said in his prepared remarks, we're expecting our first patient shortly.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Salveen. So in answer to your first question on vanzacaftor, the answer is both. I think vanzacaftor is going to be an attractive treatment option, both for patients who currently being treated, who might want superior control of their CFTR function, because both patients and physicians know that CFTR function and dysfunction is the underlying cause of CF, and so if you can further improved CFTR function, you're going get better clinical outcomes down the line. So I think we're going to see interest from those who are currently being treated, but I also think we're going to see a lot of interest from patients who previously discontinued one of our CFTR modulators given the profile that we've demonstrated today. And then on CASGEVY, a couple of comments really. The first one I would make is, we're very excited about the demo and the opportunity to work with CMS for those states who are interested in working with CMS and are interested in outcomes-based agreements. I don't particularly see that being a delay for a couple of reasons. One, we're already working with many state Medicaid agencies. We're not waiting for the demo before we secure access for patients who are covered by Medicaid. And then secondly, in terms of do I think it's going to be complex and be a delay to negotiate outcomes-based agreements? I don't really. If you look at the profile of CASGEVY, it is so incredibly strong that really we're talking about an outcomes-based agreement, which is looking at whether a very, very small number of patients may not respond, and so I don't think it's an outcomes-based agreement where there's lots of uncertainty and difficulty with outcomes and metrics and endpoints, so I don't expect that to be particularly challenging.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Robyn. Thanks. So I must confess, our experience is a little bit different to that. We've seen very rapid transitions from medicines as we've serially innovated and delivered better and better medicines, and even, for instance, when we introduced TRIKAFTA and patients who had been on KALYDECO for instance for a very long time, and obviously, KALYDECO had set a very, very high bar for efficacy, we did see rapid adoption with TRIKAFTA even in those patients given that it had a clear benefit-risk profile. So, I think we've seen relatively rapid transitions for our medicines as we've serially innovated. And interestingly, the design of the study actually gives a proof for the fact that patients can effectively transition from TRIKAFTA to vanzacaftor because as Reshma mentioned in her remarks, the design of the study was to have people stable on four weeks of TRIKAFTA therapy to establish a baseline, and they were then randomized to either continue on TRIKAFTA or transition to vanzacaftor. So we have within the study real-world evidence of people being able to transition. And then you asked me, what do I think is going to motivate people to want to consider the vanzacaftor triple combination? I think it's the benefit-risk profile that we've been able to demonstrate here with achieving higher levels of sweat chloride reduction and with any of our previous medicines, including now TRIKAFTA, and the fact that this is a once-a-day therapy. So as I've said a number of times, I think with this profile we're going to see a lot of enthusiasm from the CF community.
Stuart Arbuckle: Well, I mean, I think we've had a long track of working with payers on cystic fibrosis for kind of well over a decade now, so I think there's a significant amount of understanding about the disease. Obviously, we'll be presenting the data to vanzacaftor to payers in a compliant manner at the right time. The one other thing I would note about the vanzacaftor triple combination, is it's likely to be indicated for a very similar population of patients to TRIKAFTA, which I do think is going to make this launch from a payer perspective a bit different to previous launches as you will recall, because you've been on this journey with us for a while. When we launched ORKAMBI, we were moving from kind of single-digit numbers of eligible patients to a medicine that could potentially treat up to 50% of CF patients. When we then brought TRIKAFA forward, we're moving it towards being able to treat 90% of patients. Vanza is going to likely have a very similar label to TRIKAFTA and so it's not likely to be as scary I would suggest to payers in terms of a big budget impact here.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah. And -- we're making great progress, Chris, I would say, activating authorized treatment centers just here in the U.S. We're now up to 12 and I don't think those centers would be going through the efforts of becoming an activated treatment center if they weren't fully intending to treat patients with CASGEVY. And then as Reshma said, the reaction we've had from payers has been really positive. I think they are incredibly impressed with the clinical data. They are well aware of the unmet need in sickle cell disease and indeed transfusion-dependent thalassemia and the burden that places on patients and indeed the healthcare system. They like the label that we've got and they like our value-based pricing. So I've been very encouraged by the conversations we've been having with payers and I'm fully expecting us to be able to secure great access for sickle cell disease and TDT patients.
