Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Geoff, so on expectations for access and reimbursement outside of the US. As Reshma said, importantly, this study is a head-to-head comparison with TRIKAFTA. To your specific question, was vanzacaftor imagined when we embarked on some of our portfolio agreements? It was. Some of them do include clauses to include increasingly better and better medicines which is our anticipation of what vanzacaftor will prove to be. It isn't in all of our reimbursement agreements, just to be clear. But if the product can deliver the kind of profile that we expect, I would expect like we did with TRIKAFTA that we will beat the kind of industry benchmarks for getting to access patients across ex-US markets.
Stuart Arbuckle: So on vanza, I would really think about the opportunity for patients to be initiated on vanza to be threefold. One is, people who are currently on an existing CFTR modulator, but if we deliver the sort of profile with vanza that we're hoping to versus TRIKAFTA, they may want to be switched on to vanzacaftor. Then you've got patients who have not yet been initiated on a CFTR modulator. That's a relatively small number of patients but really the big opportunity for growth is, there's about 6,000, just over 6,000 patients globally now who've actually discontinued a CFTR modulator. So they've wanted to be on a CFTR modulator but for a variety of reasons have had to discontinue. As I say, that's over 6,000 patients now around the world. We don't often talk about discontinuations from our CFTR modulators because it's actually a relatively small percentage compared to any other sort of chronic medication, but it's still a sizable number of patients. We know they would like to be on a CFTR modulator because they previously tried, and so we think they could be patients who are very interested in vanza if we deliver the kind of profile that we're expecting.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Mohit. There is a lot of polypharmacy going on in DPN right now, largely because the efficacy of the various classes of pain medicines which are available today is pretty variable. So you do see patients who are on nonsteroidals, you see a lot of people who are on the gabapentinoids which have been studied and approved there and you also do see parents -- patients on opioids as well. So it really is a disease characterized by sort of polypharmacy, largely due to either variable efficacy and/or the adverse events of the currently available therapies. That's why we're so excited about the prospect of 548 being able to establish a new standard of care for these patients.
Stuart Arbuckle: David, so kind of building on what I said about this being a disease state which unfortunately for patients is characterized by polypharmacy and so patients are often seeking superior pain relief to what they are getting. It is heavily influenced and/or treated by specialists for DPN and indeed for LSR as well. And so for both of those pain states within PNP overall, we believe we can achieve success commercially with a specialty sales force as a result of wanting to go alone commercially we're going to be doing the studies in DPN and hopefully in LSR Phase 3 studies are successful in Phase 2 ourselves as well.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Evan, so the first thing I'll say about the ongoing NICE review is that, this was an expected part of the contract that we negotiated with the NHS in 2019, so this isn't a surprise that NICE is reviewing our medicines after four years on the market. So that's the first thing to say. As a part of the original contract, we agreed with the NHSE and with NICE that we would collect and submit data after a period of being on the market. And we have done just that. We submitted clinical trial data, open label extension data, and real world data from the UK. And I think it's unusual, I think, to see a medicine, which is what I think we've seen with TRIKAFTA that performs perhaps even better in the real world than you expected having seen the Phase 3 results, because the results we've seen in the real world, as you well know, are absolutely extraordinary, including things like reductions in exacerbations, increases in life expectancy, reductions in hospitalizations, a virtual elimination of lung transplants. So we're pretty disappointed it's fair to say with the draft guidance from NICE. It is just that though, it's draft guidance. There was a period of consultation. There's going to be a second NICE committee meeting, and I certainly feel confident that the full value of our medicines will be reflected at the end of this process.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, so to your question about capabilities, I think we're trying to get the best of both worlds. We are trying to leverage the capabilities that have made us be successful to date, And much of that is based around our ability to get reimbursement and access for our medicines and also work with policymakers, with guideline institutions, et cetera, to support the appropriate use of effective medicines like ours. And as Reshma said, we're already seeing tailwinds, if we can call them that, in the pain market with people looking to move away from the restrictions that they've previously put in place for things like opioids in terms of who can prescribe them, for how long, for which patients in which settings, to people looking at policy changes like the No Pain Act, which we highlighted a couple of quarters ago now, where people are looking to make sure that there are no financial barriers or disincentives to people doing the right thing and using a non-opioid effective pain medicine just because there are generic medicines available. So that's something that we're going to be looking to build on, some of the capabilities that we've used to help us be successful. Having said that, we are going to be selling into a different segment of the market. This is obviously going to be a very hospital institution driven sale and so we are looking to bring in and have brought in new capabilities as we've brought on our paying business unit people who are experienced in that kind of institutional setting. So I would say we're trying to get the best of both worlds, leverage what we've been good at in the past, while bringing in people who bring new knowledge, skills, and experience to the company as well.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah so Mike, just as Reshma said on the study, the primary end point is non-inferiority versus TRIKAFTA on FEV1, which as we know is an incredibly high bar, but we will be able to see you how vancicafeter does versus tricafter in the study. So that's the first thing just to remind you. As Reshma said, we're also looking at measures of superior CFTR function in patients. And when we've done research with physicians, even if the FEV1 benefit is the same with vanzacaftor. If we can demonstrate improved CFTR function, which as Reshma said, the pharmacodynamic measure of that is sweat chloride, there's a lot of enthusiasm from physicians for a product which has that profile. In addition, just to remind you, vanzacaftor is also going to be a once a day regimen as well, which is also considered to be of benefit, particularly for those patients who have compliance challenges as well. So we're very much looking forward to the Phase 3 results and I think there's going to be, if the results come out as we expect them to, a high level of enthusiasm for vanzacaftor.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, and on exa-cel and the comment we made about it being a foundational year that has nothing to do with consensus. I actually couldn't tell you what consensus is for 2024 for exa-cel to be perfectly honest with you Terence. It was really a response, we've been asked a lot of questions about what the launch dynamics will look like for exa-cel. And so we thought it was important to remind people of what the patient journey is. And that's obviously going to begin, hopefully, later this year when we get regulatory approval. And it was really to try and provide some context around that multi-stage journey that patients need to go through to get exa-cel. So that was really the reasons for the comment. It was responding to questions we've had about launch dynamics. I do want to reiterate something which I said in my prepared remarks as well. Whatever the journey to get there, we see this as being a very large commercial opportunity. There are tens of thousands of patients with severe sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia who could benefit. Despite the journey being relatively long, this is a journey at the end of it that has the potential for a lifetime of benefit. So we feel very optimistic about the exa-cel opportunity and we're looking forward to launching.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. The point you make about the safety tolerability issues with Lyrica are real. What we're looking for in this Phase 2 program is change from baseline at the various doses with Lyrica as a reference arm, not a comparator. But our goal here to be clear is to have a product, VX-548, that is a better benefit risk profile than Lyrica.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Thanks. Let me start with the VX-264 question, and I'll go back to pain. The reason that we are at a partial dose with staggered dosing in the Part A part of the 264 program is because the cells + device is a first in man program. And we are doing that to go slowly and ensure that we have sufficient time between patients to be able to assess safety. And it is the way that the protocol is designed in consultation with global regulators. So that's the reason, it's because cells + device is a first in man trial. Let me go back now to VX-548 and LSR and why now? It's really a very good question. The reason we started with DPN is because DPN or diabetic peripheral neuropathy has and has had an established regulatory pathway, as well as an established commercial marketplace. So that's why we started with DPN. We started with it actually when we did the 150 program and that's the first PNP or peripheral neuropathic pain indication we pursued when we started with VX-548. As the VX-548 study has gotten started, and frankly as we near that completion, we've turned our attention to LSR. It was always our intention to pursue a broad peripheral neuropathic pain label for VX-548, just like we're pursuing a broad label in the acute pain setting. We recently completed our regulatory discussions on the LSR pain type and gained confirmation that LSR from a regulatory perspective is a PNP pain type. As Stuart said, medically, scientifically, it falls under that umbrella of a peripheral neuropathic pain type. And we completed our discussions with the regulators and confirmed that it is indeed from a regulatory standpoint also a PNP type. That's why we're starting the LSR Phase 2 study now. And I got to tell you, I'm terribly excited about that.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah, sure. So when I think about the distillation of the editorial, I think it comes down to this is the holy grail of pain in terms of targets. There looks to be very promising results. It's a Phase 2 study. How should we think about the magnitude of the treatment effect? How should we think about it in terms of the effect and the potential not only versus placebo, but versus opioids and then maybe a desire to learn a little bit more about the secondary endpoints. And what I would say is we're going to have a far bigger study, 2,000 people in all. There's 1,000 people in the abdominoplasty study, another 1,000 people in the bunionectomy study, and another 250 people in the safety and effectiveness study. And we'll have all the data we need to make a full assessment in this Phase 3 trial. So I think the best answer is, let's look towards the Phase 3 trial. And I agree, the Phase 2 results are very promising. Let me turn it over to Stuart to talk about vanza.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey, welcome back, Jess. Really terrific question. The portfolio strategy, as you've seen it play out in CF, is authentically and reproducibly extended across our R&D pipeline. So as it pertains to pain, the next NaV1.8 inhibitors are already in the clinic in Phase 1 trials. And we have more after that making their way through the research part of our organization. In terms of NaV1.7, they are in the research stage and making very good progress. And we see the NaV1.7s as potentially for use as a single agent. And we also see the real opportunity for combining NaV1.7 and NaV1.8. And just for all of the others who are following along, the reason I say that and the reason I think it's an excellent question is that, the way that the action potential works in the periphery in transducing the pain signal is that there is a stimulation of the action potential and then the propagation and NaV1.7 works on that stimulation of the action potential and NaV1.8 works on that propagation. So we see a lot of opportunity in the combination, but we also see opportunity of NaV1.7 in and of itself.
Reshma Kewalramani: Okay. Hey, David. Let me start the answer to both of these questions, but the PNP question has a component of can we go at it alone? And so I want to make sure that Stuart touches on it. Let me cut to the punch line. For acute pain and for neuroplastic pain, both in terms of diabetic neuropathy and in terms of LSR, this lumbosacral radiculopathy, we are going to do the development by ourselves and we are going to commercialize by ourselves. Both of these, acute pain and neuropathic pain are absolutely Vertexian diseases if I can call it that in terms of commercialization. I'll ask Stuart to comment a little bit more on commercializing neuropathic pain and I'll come back to tell you about acute pain rescue meds, etc.
Reshma Kewalramani: And David to round it out with your questions on acute pain. We have thought through very carefully as we did in the Phase 2 portion of the study, the same in the Phase 3 portion of the acute pain studies, about the use of rescue medicines and how to consider the statistical analysis plan in that light. And there are, it's been very well considered in there. So I don't have much more to say other than the use of rescue medicines, of course, will be disclosed in the publications and when we share the results. But how to think about it has been deeply considered and well accounted for just as it was in Phase 2. I think there was a question in there about Phase 3 and the peripheral neuropathic pain structure. I'll focus my comments on DPN. That one will be designed with the FDA. We haven't yet had our end of Phase 2 meeting, and therefore I can't give you specifics on what that program will look like, but that's exactly what will be the next step once we have the Phase 2 DPN results, assuming they are positive.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Hey, Mike, let me start, and then I will ask Stuart to go over the research that Stuart and the team have done on vanza and what is valued vis-a-vis sweat chloride, etc. But I'll go back to 548 to start and then I'll set up the clinical trial structure for vanza. So to confirm, on the VX-548 acute pain phase 3 trials. It is exceptionally similar to the VX548 Phase 2 trials. Same pain conditions, abdominoplasty and bunionectomy. We selected the high dose, the dose that showed the benefit in the Phase 2 trial for the Phase 3 trial. And you are correct, standard labeled doses for the opioid. And on the Phase 2 diabetic peripheral neuropathy trial, correct, the Lyrica's standard doses from the label. The doses in the peripheral neuropathy phase 2 study are different than the acute pain doses, obviously, because one has chronic dosing and one is acute, And we need to make the appropriate adjustments so that we have the exposure we seek. But with regard to the reference arm, correct. It is the standard dosing from the label. Lastly, on vanzacaftor, remember, this is a study that is head-to-head versus Trikafta. The primary endpoint is PPF-EV1, because that's the regulatory enabling endpoint. And recall, we have a key secondary endpoint that is on SWEC chloride, and this is very important because SWEC chloride is the direct, it's the most direct readout of CFTR function. You know that there have been great debates about whether or not there is a ceiling on ppF-EV1. We can't have better than normal lung function, right? But in terms of sweat chloride, that is how patients are diagnosed with the disease. And it is very well understood that if we provide better CFTR function benefit, that would show up in terms of sweat chloride. That is a secondary endpoint in the Phase 3 trial. And that's what we've already studied and reported out in a variety of Phase 2 trials. And it does indeed look to be the case that the vanza triple is even better than, I know that's a tall order, but it's even better than TRIKAFTA. Over to you Stuart on the marketplace with that in mind.
