Ian F. Smith: Yes. So it is an early stage program, proof of concept study into the combination therapy that we're running VX-135 with the declatasvir. As we look at that study, I mean, we need to get the data which we anticipate will be in the first quarter 2014, and at that point, we'll decide on how we progress our business. We are very and -- for AC overall therapies . We're very aware of the external environment, it's progressing fast, it's highly competitive, and we're going to be taking that into account when we get our data from this combination study that's been run down in New Zealand and we'll advise you at that point, in early 2014.
Ian F. Smith: And it gives me the opportunity to say that we're still in our planning phase as we look at 2014, maybe I could expand on that, which is planning phase means we're still trying to gain an assessment of the revenue picture in 2014 as well. We've got some important data coming up, most proximal data is actually coming out of an R117H label expansion study. So again, that will drive potential expectations on revenue in 2014 as well. And then as far as the cost structure of the business is concerned, we are communicating $150 million to $175 million of savings of what we anticipate will be a $1.1 billion operating expense in 2013. We are pretty tight on those costs. We have good visibility on those costs and as I explain where they come from on the call. As far as additional savings, if in terms of -- if decisions are made to pursue certain programs or not and you refer to VX-135, those haven't yet been taken into account. So yes, there would be probably further savings beyond the $150 million to $175 million. We are planning for success at this point, that's how we run our business at this point in time, that's how we plan financially, frankly how we build the balance sheet to assume how we need to invest in the business. So we look forward to finding out what those results are, out of New Zealand and probably late January, early February, when we're on our year-end call, we'll give you the more precise GAAP financial guidance for 2014.
Ian F. Smith: Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. I'll first of all start by commenting on 2013 and the kind of trajectory for the R&D and SG&A. So as we look into the fourth quarter, so how you understand, how we may finish the year, you should anticipate that our operating expense is very similar to actually the third quarter. You may see some slight reductions in the SG&A specifically, because it's easier to adopt that cost structure with the decisions we've made in R&D. We still have full programs going ahead in many areas in R&D. So you'll see a slight decline in the fourth quarter of SG&A. But overall relatively similar to the Q3 results. And more importantly, as we look at 2014, and again, I'll reiterate we're in our planning phase, but I can give you an idea of the trajectory again, which is that -- when you look at the R&D expense in 2014, you should see a slight reduction as principally due to a reduction in development of -- in areas that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which was VX-509 and INCIVEK-based therapies. We were actually still studying those in 2013. The big reduction -- by the way, we expect the research investment to stay relatively similar in 2014. The big reduction that you would expect to see when you look at the GAAP financials is in the SG&A area. That's why we've been able to reduce the cost around INCIVEK marketing and sales support. So you should see that decline in 2014. And sometimes even though I provide you some numbers, sometimes there are some missing features that are kind of buried within the numbers because we still are continuing to invest in cystic fibrosis, so we do watch the anticipated increase in the investment in development in cystic fibrosis and also to support the launch and label expansion in 2014. So even though you've seen these declines, would continue to invest in the area of cystic fibrosis to drive that growth opportunity.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. Back if February 2013, we gave that break out when we gave the guidance for the full year. I can't commit that we'll do that again at this point but that would be a better point in time that would be able to help you understand the full profile for 2014. It's just a little early, we're only at Q3 of 2013.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks for the list of questions, and good morning. So, I think you are thinking about the business financially in the right way. We are consolidating down around cystic fibrosis at this point that's why the growth opportunity is for us. We still have a research investment for product creation and we're still investing in that early stage all-oral program for hepatitis C. But in terms of our earnings capability and cash flow, if successful in the area of CF, yes, we don't anticipate a significant expansion in SG&A. There will be some because you got to launch the product to get into a broader audience and it's a geographic -- it's more a U.S., Europe or North America and Europe type expansions. So there will be some growth but the financial leverage in the area is important to us frankly and that's why we're managing the business in this way.
Ian F. Smith: No, we've completely restructured the marketing and sales support behind INCIVEK. And then as to the realized price, we don't comment on the realized price. We'll provide you guidance on total revenues for the full year of $360 million to $365 million.
Ian F. Smith: And I'll add to how to extract maximum value for the VX-509. It's -- for us it's a fascinating area but it's also a competitive area in terms of the all-oral creation of these types of molecules. To get full success from the opportunity, you need to run multiple, let's say, multiple studies, multiple -- in multiple diseases to get the full benefit as most companies are doing. Given our focus at this point in time, we look for somebody else to do that. So we continue to explore partnerships. It's nice to have such good data in our hands, which will enhance those discussions with potential partners, and maybe even better to have a week 24-day there as well depending on how that comes out and we'll continue that discussion with partners to do the right kind of partnership to extract the value. But our focus right now is around cystic fibrosis and all-oral therapies for hepatitis C and also continue to invest in research.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob, I'll take that question. Obviously, depending on the results, we think we could move really fairly quickly into a more advanced program. Obviously, this would take some discussion with the regulatory agencies, once we have the results of the study to decide on the next steps. But given the track record of ivacaftor and what we're developing in knowledge about 661, we could probably move into Phase II study fairly quickly.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the second part of your question related to 661. So this is a study in homozygous patients. The reason for that, obviously, is that we want to be able to assess PK/PD and efficacy and dose response as part of that study. The 12-week duration is really to get a much better handle on safety as sort of a second molecule coming through, the bar is fairly high compared to VX-809. We want to characterize it well. And we would then have an opportunity to further develop 661. As to when the data would come out from those 2 studies? I really can't speculate at this point. The ivacaftor/809 combination study, and this one, we haven't started this one yet. So we don't really have that much visibility on the exact timing but we'll be able to do that once we get the study enrolled.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the other part of the question. In terms of powering of the study. The study is powered based on a 5% relative improvement in FEV1. I won't really talk much about what we think is a clinically meaningful FEV1 change because I think you have to see the study endpoints in their totality, and particularly some of the nonpulmonary endpoints that we saw with ivacaftor, actually are clinically quite meaningful to patients, the weight gain reduction exacerbations. So I think we should take a little bit more broad look at the way this study is being conducted. It is the case that the FEV1 change, however, is the primary endpoint and that's how the study was powered.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob, just a quick comment on the 135, we are studying 100 and 200 milligrams in combination with daclatasvir.
Robert Kauffman: As Ian mentioned, we hope to begin to give you visibility to some of that next year. As you know, traditionally we do provide visibility once we begin to see human proof-of-concept data and we hope for some of the programs that will be beginning next year.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, this is Bob. So on the R117H population, we estimate the total R117H population at around 1,100 patients worldwide. It is true that this is a heterogeneous group from really quite mild disease to almost no disease all the way up to a more significant disease with declines in FEV1 exacerbations just like other patients with significant cystic fibrosis. So it is heterogeneous. The way we've tried to deal with that is to narrow the population that we evaluated in our study. That population has a percent predicted FEV1 at baseline of between 40% and 90%, which for R117H clearly puts you into a more severe and more significant group. That is the way we're kind of dealing with the heterogeneity's to basically homogenize the population a little bit, and obviously, we'll see how the results come out when we have them at the end of this year. From a clinical point of view, how the -- should the study be successful, how the uptick will be? I think we'll have to see it, likely will not be as rapid as what we've seen for KALYDECO and G551D.
Robert Kauffman: So several questions. First of all with 509. We agree with you, the efficacy we think is really very, very good. In terms of the safety profile, we're actually quite pleased to both -- the safety profile of both without methotrexate in our prior study as well as this one. As you're well aware, cardiovascular disease is very common in this population. In fact, it's the most common cause of death in patients with RA. And so it's not unexpected in a study of these durations to see outcome such as that. So looking over the program overall, we actually are pretty comfortable with the cardiovascular safety profile that we generated.
Robert Kauffman: And this is Bob, again on R117H. I think the primarily way that we try to manage variability was really by, as I said before, eliminating the population to those with a baseline FEV1 of 40% to 90%. Otherwise, we relied on randomization as we usually do to create the balance between the treatment groups.
Robert Kauffman: Honestly, I don't remember that but I don't think there is anything major. I think, it really was just a baseline FEV1 to define the population.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. I'll try to answer those questions. In terms of the residual function, obviously, we are -- I think in the big picture, the residual function sort of part of the program starts to shift over from a genetically-based program to a phenotypically-based program. That's really where the end of one study kinds of fits in, as our first look is to whether it's feasible to do that. We'll see how much of variability we have and try to get a handle on what our path forward would be for that population. I think until we see those data, it's going to be pretty hard to speculate. Obviously these are people that have -- sweat chlorides tend to be lower than those with severe disease, they tend to have more mild disease, most of them are pancreatic sufficient as compared to insufficient and so there are many differences, I think that's why we're running an exploratory Phase II study.
Robert Kauffman: So, the data we have is in our biokinetic studies where we have seen very good activity comparable to that of sofosbuvir and that, obviously, kind of factored into our choice of doses that we're studying going forward and, obviously, for the daclatasvir study, we'll see the results when they come out.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. The composition of the population is genotype 1 and the study that we were discussing today, the study that was conducted in Moldova. Most of the patients were genotype, in fact, all the patients were genotype 1b, which reflects the composition of patients in that country.
Robert Kauffman: There was a mix of subtypes, it was relatively a little low on the CC patients, but I think you'll see the full data when the poster is presented next week. In terms of durability, without kind of getting beyond the data we currently have, I would say that based on the data from the PERSIST study, CFTR modulation appears to be kind of a long-term effect. There was really no diminution in the activity over 3-year period with KALYDECO monotherapy. And while, obviously, I can't speculate because we don't have such long-term data for the combination of 809 and ivacaftor, I would generalize it a little bit and just say that this mechanism appears to be one that produces a longer-lasting effect. And, obviously, we'll see as we get further data over the next couple of years how that turns out. I think the payors, obviously, if I can speak for them, I think they, obviously, will be interested in and I think, obviously, very happy to see that this affect is long-lasting. And for the patients, clearly, very important.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Jeff, I'll take the first part and then turn I'll it over to Ian. For genotype 2, 3, we did develop some data as you know in our viral kinetic studies 7-day data to show very good activity in both of those other genotypes, and we do plan to carry that forward into more advanced studies once we have the initial data in genotype 1 from the 135 and declatasvir study. Whether we would pursue the ribavirin and 135 combination, I think it's unlikely, given the efficacy results that others have generated and obviously, our work going forward would be likely with the declatasvir in combination in those other genotypes.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Mark, this is Jeff. Just one minor addition or really to elaborate a bit on what Bob said. You probably saw the recent results from the GOAL study at NACF, which really looked at a variety of other endpoints in patients treated with KALYDECO, including mucociliary clearance and digestive function, Pseudomonas colonization. I think we really do think about these therapies as being systemic and one of the things that we will focus on as we move forward. It's measuring a number of these other endpoints because they really reflect patient outcomes very accurately.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then the rituality of your point about in-licensing, out-licensing, and let's say, a corporal business development strategy around hepatitis C broadly. To me, it's about the results we achieved in the combination study that's ongoing, and pending, let's say the quality of those results, I think it sets a path. High quality results, obviously, means that Vertex is in the game of all-oral therapies for hepatitis C, something that's not high quality then we have to understand how VX-135 may play a role in hepatitis C. That's with Vertex or with another company that has a combination approach. So I'd like to think that we're looking at our position in hepatitis C at this point by looking at the external landscape, understanding the commitment we have as a company, but we've got to make a decision as we go into 2014 based on data.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So just in terms of the NF-1 study, this is a proof-of-concept study. Obviously, we need to learn more about the efficacy of ivacaftor in this population, obviously, depending on how the study comes out, of course, we'll talk about it with the regulatory agencies. However, at this point, we are considering that we may need to run another study in order to get an approval, but obviously, much depends on what we actually see in terms of the results. In terms of preclinical assays, I think I know which paper you're referring to from the CF meeting. We've had some questions about that. Obviously, they have their data. We've done similar studies in cell lines for perhaps a somewhat longer duration. This is a combination of ivacaftor and VX-809. We don't see the same diminution of the activity of CFTR that we've seen in those studies. And I think from our viewpoint, the clinical data that we have really kind of trumps the nonclinical data and that we both for 661 and for 809 have seen really well-maintained clinical benefit over at least a 28-day period.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: One additional comment. This is Jeff, I remind you if you look back at the KALYDECO G551D studies, the responses that we saw really didn't correlate with the baseline FEV1. So we had patients with very high baseline FEV1, who actually responded very, very nicely. So I think until we get the data, what we're really doing in the N01 is, we're studying, as Bob said, a spectrum of patients with different mutations and different severities to try to understand exactly the answer to your question. Until we see the data in a representative population, it's a little difficult to speculate.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, this is Jeff. So I think you've got it right. In the mid- to later stage, obviously, CF and then the all-oral program in HCV, which we've been talking about today. Flu is not a program that we're going to invest in further, just to be clear about that, nor do we plan to invest in 509 further. But as you move back into the earlier stage pipeline, we do have programs, as we said, in cancer, in progressive MS, in Huntington's disease and others and, as well as the early stage CF programs in the second gen correctors. And it's those programs that I was referring to and I said we'll begin to get some data beginning next year and certainly into 2015 and as we get the human proof-of-concept data that's usually when we start really talking about these programs.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: First of all, thank you for your questions today. I just want to finish with a very clear acknowledgment of our employees. This is obviously a difficult day for all of us here at Vertex and I want to make sure to acknowledge the incredible work that our employees did to develop and commercialize INCIVEK, we've treated more than 100,000 patients worldwide with very high cure rates. This is what it is, truly a breakthrough drug, and we have a lot more to do but I want to make sure to acknowledge what's been done by our employees because that really formed the foundation of our company going forward. Thanks very much for your questions and for joining the call today.
