Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. Vertex is, in many ways, a company in transition. We have made cystic fibrosis a clear focus of our business and we've made a decision to no longer invest in hepatitis C. At the same time, we're continuing to invest in early-stage research to identify compounds in CF and other areas that could become transformative medicines for patients with serious diseases, as well as opportunities for Vertex growth. This transition in Vertex business represents our continued execution against 3 strategic priorities for 2014. I talked about these priorities earlier this year, and I'd like to review them again now. First, focus on driving forward our cystic fibrosis development programs to enable the launch of multiple transformative CF medicines globally. Our clinical and commercial teams have made significant progress in CF already this year. For example, we have expanded the U.S. KALYDECO label to include additional patients. We have now completed dosing in the Phase III studies of VX-809. We have recently received orphan status for VX-661, and we are today reporting positive clinical results for the study of VX-661 in patients heterozygous for G551D and F508del. Second, continue to invest in research. Internal research is a critical growth engine for Vertex, and we expect that it will produce more transformative medicines to provide sustainable growth in the future. And third, maintain financial strength so that we can continue to invest in the discovery and development of our new medicines. We ended the first quarter with more than $1.3 billion in cash and with KALYDECO revenues of approximately $100 million that we expect to grow through the year and in future years. This financial position supports our investments for future growth. Our goal in CF is to treat as many people as possible and to enhance the benefit for those that we treat. Jeff Chodakewitz will give you more detail on our recent CF clinical progress. But before I turn the call over to him, I would like to acknowledge that today marks the start of CF Awareness Month and we recognize all of the patients, families, doctors, nurses and caregivers who are involved in the treatment of CF. Thank you for your continued support as we seek to improve the lives of more people with this devastating disease. Our continued progress in CF clinical development is a strong sign that our commitment to people with CF is unwavering. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, it's Jeff Leiden. I think our view of 661, first of all, has been enhanced by this data. We're learning about as we progress 661. And I think from this trial, we learned a couple of things: one, that it's possible to correct a single Delta 508 allele, at least, to these patients with a G551D allele; and secondly, you could do that on top of patients who have been stabling on KALYDECO for quite a bit of time. Most of the patients have been on for a year or so, and that was an important finding. I think we're still thinking about 661 as part of a potential triple regimen to get enhanced benefit for everybody that's homozygous and heterozygous. But I think what this data tells us is that 661 may also have a role in certain of these heterozygous patients, and that's worth exploring. And if you'll remember, we talked about this being an interesting trial from that perspective a while ago.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Mark, it's Jeff Leiden. We've obviously had a number of questions on this and on the placebo group. And maybe let me take a step back, if you will, as I often do on this Phase II data, and tell you how we look at those data, which is we always look at the entirety of the results, and we try to look at it from every direction to see if we're seeing a consistency of the CF, we're seeing statistical significance. I guess when I look at this data, the thing that is very convincing to me is that when you start by looking at what we saw in the lab themselves, which was this additive effect of 661 on KALYDECO in exactly these cells, G551D, Delta 508, that again has translated into what we're seeing in the clinic. And obviously, now with 5, 6, 7 trials, relate that with the in vitro results, translates into in vivo results. Then we saw the on-effect when we added 661 to patients who were stable on KALYDECO and, honestly, with only 14 patients, surprisingly, we saw a statistically significant on-effect. And then, of course, the off-effect is important. So we removed the 661, left the patients on KALYDECO, and we saw a statistically significant decrease. And that pattern, I think in a Phase II trial, is always very important. And then, finally, correlated with sweat chloride, which always gives us confidence that what we're seeing is an on-mechanism effect. So when I look -- when I walk around the trial and look at it from all perspectives, I see a consistency of statistical significance and this nice correlation from in vitro to in vivo. I think that's what's really gives us the high level of confidence.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Well, I think, Peter, the question was do we believe the effect was predominantly on the G551D allele or the 508 allele? And we believe the effect is predominantly on the 508del allele from everything we've seen in vitro.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So Howard, it's Jeff. And we don't mean to imply that this signal has implications directly that we can read out in the upcoming TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. So if we -- if you heard that, that's certainly not our implication. We believe that there's a lot of data that supports the upcoming TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT results from the in vitro data to the in vivo data, and that's really where our confidence comes from for TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. And what we did learn here, and I think was very, very important, is the patients who were stably treated on KALYDECO, with all of the benefits they get on the G551D allele, will also have 508 on the other allele, can see enhanced clinical benefit by treating -- by adding in a corrector. And that was obviously the big question on our minds, could you translate that out into an improvement in FEV1, once you've already fully treated the 551D allele? And I think the answers from the study is clearly yes. And that does have implications for how we think about developing 661, but not the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: The readthrough that we have -- we had before, right, in other words, we know that corrector plus potentiator is effective in patients who have Delta 508 alleles, and we've seen that in 809 in multiple studies, I think 5 Phase II studies, and we've seen it now with 661. So I guess, if you said we have yet 1 more study that shows a corrector plus a potentiator can enhance 508 function, yes, it does. But I think we had a lot of evidence there. Where we didn't have a lot of evidence is, what happens when you add a corrector on top of KALYDECO in a 551D with 1 508 allele? We just didn't know what was going to happen, and that's really what we learned from this trial.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. I wish I could give you a real data-based answer, I just can't. At this point, what we have is 4-week data. And that the only relevant piece of data I can give you is what we know about KALYDECO, right, which is now we have multiple years, up to 4 or 5 years with some patients, and some of which has been recently published, in which we're seeing a tremendous stability of the response starting at 2 weeks and going up multiple years. But obviously, that's KALYDECO, that's a potentiator. And unfortunately, we just don't have longer data than that. But we'll see the first evidence when we file this year our TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT. And then as Jeff said, I think the 661 plus KALYDECO 3 months' trial is going to be very, very important. First, obviously, for safety, but also because it's the first time we're going to see that 3-month data with 661. And rather than speculate, I'd rather just show you the data when we have it.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Good evening, everybody. Tonight, I'll report our first quarter product revenues and outline our expectations for KALYDECO revenue growth in 2014. KALYDECO generated $100 million in worldwide net revenues for the first quarter, including U.S. sales of approximately $56 million and international sales of approximately $44 million. This represents an increase of 61% from revenues of $62 million that we reported for the first quarter of 2013. The reason for the decline from the $109 million that we reported in the fourth quarter of 2013 was the favorable impact of stocking and other nonrecurring business adjustments in the fourth quarter that we discussed on our quarterly call in January. We continue to see a very similar level of underlying demand and strong patient adherence to treatment. We expect KALYDECO revenues to grow through 2014, beginning in the second quarter, based on the following anticipated key factors: first, label expansion. Since receiving approval from the FDA in late February for 8 additional mutations, we are seeing strong uptake similar to what we saw in patients with the G551D mutation. We expect uptake to continue as we seek to reach the vast majority of the approximately 115 newly eligible patients in the U.S. by year-end. We have filed an MAA variation with the EMA for a similar label expansion and currently anticipate approval in the second half of 2014. Following EMA approval, we will seek reimbursement for these new patients, both in countries where KALYDECO is already formally reimbursed, such as France, and in new countries like Italy where, because there are so few G551D patients, the medicine has not yet been formally reviewed. There are approximately 250 eligible people with these additional mutations living in the EU. Our second key factor of KALYDECO growth is geographic expansion from securing public reimbursements in Canada and Australia. The reimbursement process is unfortunately taking longer than we and, more importantly, people with CF wants it. Reimbursement discussions in both countries are active and ongoing and our goal remains to get this transformational medicine to all eligible children and adults as quickly as possible. There are approximately 300 people with the G551D mutation in Canada and Australia, and we know they and their families are anxiously awaiting a positive outcome from these discussions. To summarize, we expect label and geographic expansion to enable us to grow our KALYDECO revenues beginning in the second quarter and continuing throughout the year. This growth is reflected in our KALYDECO net revenue guidance, which we are maintaining. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress throughout the year, and I'll now turn it over to Ian.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the revenue. The fourth quarter of 2013 was inflated by some one-off business adjustments. The first quarter was negatively impacted by some of those same impacts, such as increased stocking in the fourth quarter. The underlying patient demand is absolutely rock solid and was very similar in terms of total patients, in terms of compliance, persistence and all those sort of things between the 2 quarters.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So you're correct about 70% of them have 508s on the other allele, the G551D patients. In terms of pricing, much too early to talk about that. We literally just got this data in the last few days. The thing we're really excited about is the fact that we appear to be able to be bringing additional benefit to the patients who are already doing well on KALYDECO, but that's about the maximum take-home, I think, you can take right now. It's really much too early to comment on what pricing implications that may have.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So Matt, I think you asked the same question on the last call as well. But yes, we do have a program in this area. It is early and there will be a time when we'd give you more information on that.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Geoff, so it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think it's important to step back and say why those patients were in there. It's really -- it was only 4 patients, as we mentioned, and they were really there for blinding. So we really focused on the within-group analysis that you saw. It wasn't really intended as a controlled trial with the placebo group. They were just there sort of maintaining the integrity of the blind.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Great. Thanks, Geoff. So in terms of the placebo patients, again, it was really there for blinding. That's really what our intent was. And in terms of the severity, I think that it was a little bit lower as you said, than perhaps what we've seen in some other studies. But I think it is well within the range and the groups were -- it was pretty balanced, and it was really just a -- we think it was really pretty representative of what we've seen in our 551D studies. I'm sorry, your last question was around...
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. So I think for us, really, we think we're just getting this data. We really have to understand it a little bit better, it's early days. We also have the ongoing 12-week study for 661 and ivacaftor in the F508del homozygous population. And what we're going to do is really step back when we get those results and really say what's the right path forward for 661.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. I think we've said all along that we want to continue our leadership position in CF, and that's going to come in 2 forms. One is to continue to develop our expanding portfolio of medicines, so not only 809 and 661 but next-gen correctors, which we think are going to be very important in both expanding the region, expanding the benefit. But the other thing is we have a very active, as you can imagine, ongoing surveillance program of all of the potential, other assets out there in CF. And we'll continue to watch that and make sure that we're either partnering, acquiring or doing whatever we can to get the best regimens we can in combination with our drugs.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Great. Thanks, Mark. So sure, let me try to give you a little more color. Again, it's 4 patients. I'd say that what we observed in those patients was really that there were modest shifting around. It was variable, as you'd expect, in this disease with 4 patients getting placebo. And it was very typical of what we've seen in general with smaller cohorts of patients receiving placebo. So hopefully, that gives you a little better flavor of that.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Correct, it's modest changes. So I think that the -- the other piece, in terms of the study design, was really that we started and then stopped the VX-661. KALYDECO, which our patients were receiving in a marketed setting, was continued throughout the study. And in the follow-up period, they just stayed on their KALYDECO.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz, let me take a start at your question. I think -- I don't think we looked recently, at least, in a formal way, correlations between these different measures. But I do think you raised a couple of important points. First of all that we have to really understand the totality of the disease and, really, we're assessing the benefit for patients on all of those endpoints. It's really not just about any one of them. But as you imply, it's really about understanding all of them and understanding the pattern and seeing what benefit the drug brings. We do have a set of secondary endpoints that we have preplanned and prespecified, and that's going to include a number of important outcomes like BMI, as you're talking about, in terms of pulmonary exacerbations, as well as patient-reported outcomes like CFQ-R. So we're really going to take a good look at all of that and take the time to really understand all the results.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Right. So people did -- were informed, of course, that it was a placebo-controlled study. Patients do, then they form a consent. But as is the intent, we were very careful with the placebo so they would not be able to detect which one they were on.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sure. So again, in terms of the sweat chloride and the placebo patients, it was quite -- it was variable. There were modest changes. Again, very typical of what you'd expect to see with a small number of patients receiving placebo. And that was true across all the metrics.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Right. So we think, in fact, both measures are important. We -- specifically shifting to absolute was based on a request that we got from the FDA, but we are going to have relative as a key secondary measure. So that's really the basis for our change.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes. So I actually think that probably we've covered this quite completely. I think that the -- we think that the important analysis that we've talked about and that Jeff Leiden referred to is really the within-group analysis and both in terms of the sweat chloride and FEV1, the on and the off.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz, let me take the first couple of those and I'll pass it on to Stuart. In terms of the R117H, we can't comment on our discussions with the FDA, or speak on behalf of the FDA, as we presented, we think that the data coming out of that study in -- for the patients who are greater than 18 was both statistically and clinically significant, recognizing that we did fail on the primary endpoint. And we plan to file based on that analysis and we'll have ongoing dialogue with regulatory agencies. In terms of the dose of 661, it was very early in our program. That was the dose that we studied. But I don't think we're in a position yet to say that we've decided on what VX-661 dose would be.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff, Brian. I think that the -- first of all, I think it is a high hurdle, as you said, we were not sure given that. And the fact that's very high proportion of patients who get KALYDECO response, we were not sure that we'd able to show an improvement. I think that in terms of the baseline, when we look back, we do see some variability. Again, in terms of where patients end up after a period of time. I think this -- the patients' baseline characteristics here were a little lower, but really not out of the range that we might expect to see. And again, I think the fact that they were on stable KALYDECO for average of about 1 year, as we talked about, that's really, I think, just emphasizes the high hurdle that the small study had for showing a benefit. So -- and that's why we're enthused about the results.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: I think so. No, I really think -- as we said, this is really very early results. It's a small study. We're really going to have to continue evaluating it. We will be presenting the data in a scientific form in the coming year.
