Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hey, thanks for the question Salveen. With regard to the 880 program, remember, this is the program that is, let’s call it the naked cell program that requires off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. This is the program that we demonstrate proof of concept with the half dose patients last year. Where we are now is we fully enrolled this Part B, that’s where patients receive the target dose, but in a staggered manner. And the real importance here is and our excitement is to get to Part C because then we can dose patients concurrently. You should expect data this year at congresses. And there are a couple of important diabetes congresses that occur each year that will have longer duration of follow-up and more patients worth of data. And the dimensions on which you can expect us to share information are what we’ve already done with the first two patients. That’s to say C-peptide levels decreases in exogenous insulin, improvements in hemoglobin A1C. With regard to the cells and device program, historically in the field, the challenge with devices has been fibrosis, lack of oxygen getting to the cells inside these devices, as well as the inability for nutrients to go in and for insulin in this instance to be secreted out. We have worked long and hard to develop a proprietary, what we call a channel array device. This device has particular features in terms of geometry, materials and proximity of blood and oxygen to ourselves to overcome these historic barriers. And what I’ll say to just give you a little bit more on this point is in small animal models and large with our proprietary device, we have seen no evidence of fibrosis. Last thing to point out, of course, the same 880 cells that we’ve already shown proof of concept with, those are the same cells in the cells plus device presentation as well as in our hypoimmune presentation.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing Geoff. Let me start with the VX-522 question, which is the mRNA program that we are developing in collaboration with Moderna. And then we’ll switch to the 548 program in pain. So with regard to VX-522 and the mRNA program, the biggest challenge we and others have faced through the development of this approach for those last 5,000 patients who cannot benefit from CFTR modulators because they simply don’t make any protein, it’s been delivery. That is really what we have been working on for years. And it was only about 12 months, 18 months ago that we really had a big breakthrough in that area. The reason for our excitement for this program is that we can now deliver with our LNPs into our HPE cells using those same assays that are not only qualitatively translated to what we see in the clinic but quantitatively so. Second, we also can show that the protein expression levels with that mRNA delivery is high with high chloride transport. That’s the direct readout for CFTR function. And then lastly, we have taken this mRNA LNP construct and administered it to small animals and large, and we can deliver it to the right cell. That’s a really important part of doing this in patients. So that’s the technical challenges we’ve overcome and it’s really been all about delivery. With regard to VX-548, yes, you’re right. The plan is to complete the studies, all three Phase 3 studies, the two RCTs, which are very similar to what we’ve already done in Phase 2 and the one single arm study, let’s call it an all-comer study. So we get different pain types. We are projecting that we’re going to complete those trials towards the end of this year, beginning of next, and we’ll share all the data at the same time. Stuart, over to you for commercial potential.
Reshma Kewalramani: Hey Jeff, this is Reshma again, just to close out on pain. And others may ask questions later, but I just wanted to make sure I also mentioned the peripheral neuropathic pain with VX-548 that Phase 2 study also began last year. And those results we aren't calling yet when they would be available, but I wanted to make sure that that study is also ongoing.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Liisa, this is Reshma. VCTX-211, a bit of a mouthful. Is the study that Vertex is now running in collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics, it's a hypo immune program for Type 1 diabetes where we are going to be assessing safety and efficacy. VCTX-210 was a safety study in terms of when you should expect data readouts and such. This study is just getting going. We haven't called when we will be sharing results, but it is just getting going.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure. Liisa, let me tackle the IP questions and then I'll turn it over to Stuart to talk about the CF epidemiology. The patent for TRIKAFTA goes out to at least 2037. And the reason, if you're wondering, gosh, how is it so long from when we launched? It's because of the rapid pace from when we had synthesized this molecule in the lab to when we got approval starting with the U.S., which is about three years, eight months or so. The vanzacaftor triple, we haven't given a specific date, but it's longer than the TRIKAFTA compound. And we have indeed identified potentiators and correctors behind vanzacaftor towards our goal of getting CF patients to sweat chloride levels in the carrier range. And those would be even longer than vanzacaftor. Let me turn it over to Stuart for CF epi.
Reshma Kewalramani: All right. Dave, you’ve given us three different questions here. Let me save the two related to VX-548 and let me ask Charlie to talk about the IPR&D.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Robyn let me ask Stuart to go first with CF and talk about how we see vanzacaftor and the place for that in the marketplace.
Reshma Kewalramani: Robyn, let me take the question about chronic pain next, and we’ll end with growth. We see pain as three distinct categories, acute pain, that’s what we’ve been talking about with VX-548 and this very near-term commercial opportunity, given we are well underway with our Phase 3 program, and it is only 48 hours of dosing. The second, we see is neuropathic pain. Obviously, that’s a version of chronic pain, but we distinguish that from musculoskeletal pain. For neuropathic pain, I see that as equally a Vertexian opportunity as is acute pain. There is a – there are discrete number of prescribers. It can be serviced with a specialty sales force. And we have already shown that this target NaV1.8 with our predecessor molecule, VX-150 is effective for neuropathic pain. When LYRICA was a branded medicine, just to give you a sense of the market size, it was approximately a $5 billion market for LYRICA in this chronic neuropathic pain. And then there’s the third kind of pain, which is musculoskeletal pain. It turns out that we’ve already studied that as well with our predecessor molecule, and it’s effective in that kind of pain setting as well, which is actually quite unusual. There aren’t very many medicines that work in acute neuropathic and musculoskeletal pain. We are – I don’t see the musculoskeletal pain as a Vertex sales and marketing specialty opportunity, but we’re absolutely going to serve all patients and we would partner that, but our focus is on the two Vertexian opportunities right in front of us, acute pain, very near term, and the neuropathic pain that’s already in Phase 2 and the predecessor molecule with successful there. With regard to growth, let me ask, Charlie to comment on the growth profile for the company.
Reshma Kewalramani: Robyn, I’ll just add, we’ve been talking about long-term growth, our five and five goal. This is five new medicines launching in the next five years. And then if you think about what qualifies in there, the very near-term opportunities are exa-cel and sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia, Vanzacaftor in CF and VX-548 in pain. Those are just right in front of us. And then we have AMKD that’s in Phase 2/3 with VX-147, the Type 1 Diabetes program that we spoke about, the neuropathic pain program that we spoke about. And there’s also the mRNA program and the AATD program, which is also in Phase 2.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing, Mike. With regard to the vanza triple, if you look at the Phase 2 data, and you’re right, these are cross study comparisons, but if you’re trying to glean and get a general sense for what the data are telling you in the Phase 2 trials, what you can see is on average the vanza triple compared to what we have shown with TRIKAFTA, it’s about 5 points better on sweat chloride. And if you look closely and look at the ppFEV1 values that we’ve generated there are some patients in the vanza triple where we’ve seen 20% improvement in ppFEV1. So if you ask me, gosh, can the vanza triple be better than TRIKAFTA? Yes. And I would say that the strongest evidence for that is the chloride transport in our HBE assays, which have proven themselves time and time again as well as sweat chloride because that’s simply a less variable measure. But if I look at ppFEV1, there are hints of that as well, but I would put that lower on the scale of evidence because the variability is greater. With regard to mRNA and why we are so enthusiastic about this program, which we are running in collaboration with Moderna. It is really a combination of three things. The first is the ability to demonstrate that with these LMPs we get the construct into the HBE cells, and that’s important because of how reliable the HBE cells are and how translatable they are. Second, it is about the high expression of the protein, and third, in multiple animal models we can show, and this has been difficult for others to show. Some have not talked about it, and it’s been difficult to gather whether they have or have not. But I can tell you we have a multiple animal model demonstrated that the mRNA gets to the right cells in the lung.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Hi, Jess. With regard to the SAD/MAD VX-522 NCF, we do expect that the SAD will complete this year. And it’s hard to say that we’re going to see in effect because it is a single dose study, right? But we’ve been wrong before. When patients started on TRIKAFTA, for example, they tell us they felt differently with the first dose. So we do expect that the SAD will finish and we fully expect to initiate the MAD as well. And I do think that we will have a good line of sight on efficacy with the MAD. So we’re not guiding yet to when the data will be available, but we do expect to finish the SAD. We expect to initiate the MAD, and yes, it’s possible that data will be ready this year. On the VX-147 program inaxaplin and the Phase 2/3 study, you’ll remember this one is particularly exciting because it’s in kidney disease where there has been unfortunately very little advancement and there are really no products in development for APOL1-mediated kidney disease. And our Phase 2 results showed a 47.6% reduction in proteinuria, which is unprecedented in FSGS, let alone in APOL1-mediated FSGS. We do expect that the Phase 2 part of the study will be done this year. Because it’s an ongoing study it’s an adaptive 2/3, which means we’ll roll right into the Phase 3 once dose selection is made. I do not expect that we will be sharing results to maintain study integrity, but we will be sharing that we’ve completed that portion, we’ve selected a dose and we’ve rolled into Phase 3.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Evan, this is about cells plus device VX-264 in type 1 diabetes. This is the program using the same cells as the 880 program, but encapsulated in a device. So immunosuppressants are not necessary. The most important thing to tell you is we’ve received the FDA questions and we’ve already responded. No new data needed to be generated, no new experiments needed to be run. The questions and clarifications were ready at hand. Evan, if you ask why was one regulatory agency more comfortable than another, that’s just a tough question to answer and I don’t know that I have a good answer for you. What I can tell you is that it’s a high quality submission and we are very excited to get this up and running with patients enrolled and dosed in Canada. And we’re working with urgency to get the study in the U.S. as well.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Geoff as we’ve described before, this is a very big market opportunity with 1.5 billion treatment days of acute pain therapy prescribed per year. Just to dimensionalize that I talked in my prepared remarks about two-thirds of those prescriptions are either written and dispensed in a hospital or institution or ambulatory care center or they are written in the institutional setting, but given to a patient on discharge and therefore filled in the retail setting. And the combination of those two accounts are about two-thirds of the 1.5 billion treatment days. When we've talked to stakeholders across the board, they are well aware of the unmet need for new therapies in the acute pain space because all institutions and all states have put in place restrictions on the use of opioids. It's created this gap in the market for products like 548 that have a really positive benefit risk profile. I do think we are beginning to see a sea change in terms of policies which have been focused on limiting utilization of opioids to actually policies which are looking to remove barriers that might be created by cost sensitivity. And I'll point you to the NOPAIN Act, which I refer to in my prepared remarks that directs CMS to develop a system of add-on payments for non-opioid pain medicines in addition to the bundle payment that they give to hospitals for the outpatient and the ACS setting. I see that as a really important sea change and recognition that these are cost sensitive segments, but this is a way of creating barriers or – sorry, reducing barriers or creating incentives to do the right thing and prescribe non-opioid pain management when they're available.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Liisa, so as you said, we updated our estimate for the number of people living with CF to 88,000 for North America, Europe, and Australia. That's an increase from our previous estimate from a couple of years ago of 83,000. It's really driven by three things, more patients coming forward for treatment, better data capture and more complete data capture in registries around the world. And perhaps most importantly, patients with cystic fibrosis are living longer due to improvements in the quality of care over the years, and also the availability of truly effective medicines. We see those trends occurring kind of across the globe in all of the regions that I mentioned, it's not just in one part of the world. Those trends are consistent and I have to say we anticipate those trends will continue into the future.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. As Reshma said about the design of the study, the primary endpoint is the comparison to placebo, and then we can compare it to the reference arm. I think in either scenario that you describe Dave, what we’ve got here is a very significant commercial opportunity. If you are in addition to being superior to placebo, as good as opioids from an efficacy point of view without all of their associated liabilities, which include addictive potential but aren’t restricted to just addictive potential, then that is something that’s going to be highly valued by the treating community. Obviously, if we’re superior, that’s even better, but something which is as good as opioids from an efficacy point of view, but without all the liabilities would be a very high value medicine.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Robyn, on vanzacaftor, as you know, based on our in vitro data, but also our Phase 2 data, we have good reasons to believe that the vanzacaftor triple combination could provide incremental clinical benefit even over TRIKAFTA, which as you know sets a very high bar. And that’s the way the study is designed to be able to compare vanzacaftor to TRIKAFTA. I think there’s really two patient populations for whom that would be an attractive proposition if it delivers that profile. One is patients who are currently being treated with a CFTR modulator who may be interested in switching to something which offers greater clinical benefit. In addition, we haven’t really talked about this part of the population for a while, but there are some patients who’ve discontinued CFTR modulators for a variety of reasons over time. Our persistence rates with our CFTR modulators are let me just reemphasize as high as I’ve ever seen for any chronic oral medication, but we do have patients who have discontinued over time. And so I think those patients who want to be on a CFTR modulator, but have to discontinue one of our previous generations may be interested in the vanzacaftor triple combination when a new treatment option is available. So I do think there is likely to be a significant interest from physicians and patients if the vanzacaftor triple combination delivers incremental benefits.
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Phil, thanks for the question. And just so you get an overall sense of where we're thinking about things, given the strong and predictable performance in CF and the recent success of the advancing pipeline, with the number of first-in-class and best-in-class assets, including programs with significant near-term potential commercially. We see this as absolutely the right time to be investing in the business. If you look at 2023, specifically, over 70% of the planned increase in R&D and SG&A is expected in programs which are past POC and therefore meaningfully de-risked. Specifically, we've got trials for vanza and pain and AMKD and Type 1 diabetes. You've got the full year cost of the investments in commercial readiness for sickle cell and beta thal and we're making commercial investments for pain as well. Importantly, all of these programs are advancing rapidly and represent multi-billion dollar market opportunities. So from our perspective, it's the right time to invest. And the good news is that if with our differentiated business model, we can deliver industry leading profitability while we're investing for innovation and growth.
Charlie Wagner: David, the guidance includes an estimate of $300 million for IPR&D, and that’s inclusive of the upfront for Entrada.
Charlie Wagner: Yes. The question, so just a reminder on the guidance, we gave $9.55 to $9.7, 7% to 9% growth over 2022, and that’s after a 1.5 percentage point headwind from FX. Stating it differently, it’s a $700 million increment on – or 2022 revenue of $9 billion, so a significant increase in 2023. I think your question really was about where does growth come from? And so importantly, as has been mentioned, we’ve recently increased our estimate of epidemiology, several years ago, we used to say 75,000, then it was 83, now it’s 88. So the patient population is growing. Within that patient population, there are 20,000 patients or more who would benefit from a CFTR modulator who are not on medicine today. And we intend to bring as many of those as possible onto medicine, as we go with continued uptake across eligible patient groups in countries where we already have reimbursement or approvals, as we expand to younger age groups, and to a lesser extent, as we add additional new reimbursements. And so we have high visibility into our guidance for 2023, and with those drivers, we see growth beyond 2023 as well. And of course, we have the emerging opportunity from the vanza triple and the mRNA therapy in coming years. So overall, we’re in great position for continued growth in 2023, and we see lots of opportunity for growth beyond 2023.
Charlie Wagner: Yes. Mohit, thanks for the question. On capital allocation probably it sound like a broken record, but our priorities are the same, investing in innovation both internal and external is the top priority. We clearly see that as the best way to create value for patients and for shareholders. We have for the last five years now maintained share buyback program, where we focus on offsetting dilution from employee share programs and for some opportunistic buying. And so we have this new larger authorization at $3 billion, but it’s simply a reflection of the growing strength of our balance sheet and cash flow.
