Michael Partridge: Good evening. This is Michael Partridge. Welcome to the Vertex Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. On tonight's call, making prepared remarks, we have Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Vertex's CEO and President; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Operating Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We recommend that you access the webcast slides as you listen to this call. This call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.  We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in detail in today's press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions. Actual outcomes and events could differ materially. I would also note that select financial results and guidance we will review on the call this evening are non-GAAP.  I will now turn the call over to Dr. Reshma Kewalramani.
Michael Partridge: Thanks, operator. I would just want to note to everybody before we start the Q&A that our conference from audio has cut out. We're all on our cell phones and we'd like to proceed with Q&A, so please bear with us. Thank you.
Michael Partridge: Okay. Operator, thanks very much. We appreciate everybody joining us tonight, the Investor Relations team in the office tonight. And happy to talk to you if you have additional questions. And you may now disconnect. Thank you very much.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Michael, thanks very much for the question and for the kind words for the year. With regard to the VX-147 program, the important point here to discuss is that in Phase II, what we did was study APOL1-mediated FSGS, which is one kind of APOL1-mediated kidney disease. APOL1-mediated kidney disease as a whole, that's to say where patients have 2 APOL1 alleles and kidney disease driven by those 2 alleles, that overall population is 100,000 patients in Europe and the U.S. The FSGS population that we study is about 10,000 patients. So why did we do that? This was a very deliberate decision because the FSGS group are a very severe group of patients with heavy proteinuria, rapid progression to end-stage renal disease and no available therapy. Reasoning that if we could have impact in those patients, then we could go forward into Phase III with confidence that we would be able to impact the broad AMKD population. The results from our Phase II study are, and I don't use this word loosely, they are unprecedented, 47.6% reduction in proteinuria on top of standard of care in an APOL1-driven FSGS population is an impressive result.  With regard to the study design for the next stage, we are -- as you rightfully point out, Michael, we are going to have our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA in the near term. That is just something we haven't done yet, although we have had the benefit of conversations with the agency.  The important parameters I'll put on the table are the following: proteinuria, which is what we measured in Phase II, that is a measure of kidney damage. It's an important endpoint in and of itself. The community and the agency have had discussions over the last many years about that endpoint being a potential regulatory enabling endpoint for accelerated approval in homogenous proteinuric kidney diseases. So that's just one point to mention. The second point is what would the endpoints be? We're talking about proteinuria. And certainly, the hard endpoint would be time to ESRD, a decrease in the GFR slope and death. It's usually a composite endpoint for the hard endpoint.  So that's really what we're looking at. We are very excited about the program. We are looking to have our end of Phase II meeting with the FDA in the near term, and we're looking to start our pivotal development towards the end of this quarter. I hope that's helpful.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Phil, thanks for the follow-up question there. Okay. So with regard to what is the likelihood of proteinuria being the endpoint and such, we have to simply have our end of Phase II meeting, and we're going to know that soon enough. So no need to speculate. The end of Phase II meeting is going to happen in the near term, and we will know. What I can tell you is that the agency has been open for many years now for proteinuria to be an acceptable surrogate for accelerated approval in homogeneous kidney diseases. And when I say that, inherent in that statement is -- and then, of course, you'd have to do the continuation of the trial to get to the hard outcome. So those are the conversations we're going to enter into. Obviously, and I think you know this, but I'll mention it just in case. The degree of proteinuria is really important because, one, not only could proteinuria be a potential accelerated endpoint, but two, the degree of proteinuria is directly related to the hard outcome. So when you see an improvement in proteinuria of almost 50%, it bodes well for many reasons.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, yes, great question. Alethia, let me just step one step back and make sure everyone is tracking with you on where we are with the CTX001 program today and then where we're going with conditioning regimens that we're looking to improve. Okay. So where are we today? Across the sickle cell and beta thalassemia programs, we have completed enrollment. The initial target was 45 patients in each program. Each of the studies was oversubscribed, and we have more patients than that and we have completed enrollment. We have dosed more than 70 patients. And we are looking, as I said in my prepared remarks, towards a filing towards the end of this year. This program is with busulfan-based, single-agent myeloablative therapy. And we think that, that regimen with the benefit risk that it provides would be applicable to about 32,000 people in the U.S. and Europe with sickle cell and beta thal. 25,000 of those would be sickle cell patients and the majority of those in the U.S. But to unlock the full potential, which is, I would say, about 150,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe, we do see gentler conditioning regimens being key to that. We have programs internally at Vertex. We have recruited a world-renowned team in our, what we call, VCGT, Vertex Cell and Genetic Therapies division. We -- our partners at CRISPR also have programs in improved conditioning as do a number of other academic and biotechnology -- other biotech companies. I will say, Alethia, that I think that this is a problem that will be solved. And I say that for 2 reasons. One, we have line of sight on to the biology. We understand the cell surface markers and the ligands that we could use to pursue the cell types that we are trying to deplete selectively. And two, because this kind of approach, this gentler conditioning regimen would have applicability beyond sickle cell and beta thal in oncology. And so I do think that this is a problem that is going to be solved.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, great question. There's a number of questions in there. And I think if I try to wrap up what you are foundationally asking is how do we see this program progressing and what should you expect when we get to full dose because the one patient's data that we shared at half dose are really pretty impressive. Okay. So as you know, Brian, the really important part of these data and the reason we shared the data from the first patient are threefold: One, it was at half dose, yet the results, whether you look at the endogenous C-peptide levels -- and remember, this patient has 30 years of diabetes and made no endogenous insulin. That result was pretty impressive. The second is hemoglobin A1C, and the really significant decline in insulin was what made us share those results. It has not been -- results like that have simply not been seen in this field.  With regard to consistency, what we are aiming for here is a functional cure for this disease. So we are expecting patients to consistently have elevations in C-peptide, decreases in hemoglobin A1C and improvements, if not elimination of exogenous insulin. With regard to the safety profile, I'm only going to comment on the data that we've already shared. And as I said, the therapy was well-tolerated in my prepared remarks. And importantly, because as you think about hemoglobin A1C decreasing, you have to think about the patient not suffering from low glucose levels, and that didn't happen. This patient has been free of severe hypoglycemic episodes since the periodic operative period.  So as we look forward, what are we looking to? The study is up and running in multiple sites. We are looking to enroll more patients, dose more patients. And the reason we are looking to go to full dose is because the -- we are going for a curative approach. And when you look at the history and the experience of cadaveric islet transplants, the quality and quantity of cells are very related to the durability of the response.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, sure thing, Salveen. Let's take the pain studies first. We are in 2 acute pain studies, 1 in abdominoplasty, a model of soft tissue pain and 1 in bunionectomy, which is seen as a model for pain in a "hard tissue." Both studies are very similarly designed. They are dose-ranging studies with a placebo control arm and an opioid reference group. What we're really looking for here is therapeutic pain relief without the side effects of opioids. And obviously, the most important one of that is the addictive potential. I don't have to tell you about the opioid epidemic raging in the U.S. and we have very high confidence in VX-548 on the safety side and the lack of addictive potential because there is simply no receptors for NaV1.8 in the central nervous system. On the efficacy side, we go into this with confidence for 3 reasons; one, this is a genetically validated target; two, this is also a pharmacologically validated target with our own VX-150 data that you'll remember had positive proof-of-concept across acute, neuropathic and, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain; and three, this particular molecule, VX-548, amongst its other properties is also multifold, more potent. So that's really what we're expecting, and that's how we are looking at the 548 program. With regard to capital allocation, Salveen, we've been very consistent as we've talked about our capital allocation strategy that we believe that the greatest value we can create is by investing our capital in innovation, both internal and external. We've never invested more than we are today in internal innovation. And you see the results of that with VX-147 with the Phase II results and its progress into pivotal development. With the 2 Phase II studies we just spoke about in the pain program, not to mention the VX-121/561/tezacaftor program in CF in Phase III. And you also see it with our investments that we've made in business development with the Semma acquisition and the really terrific results, albeit early from the VX-880 program. And going forward, what you can expect is the same. Our strategy is working, and we expect that we will continue to invest in both internal and external innovation.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, Colin, thanks so much for the kind words and for the question. Let's do type 1 diabetes first, and then we'll go back and do CF landscape.  All right. The -- we talked a little bit about the results on patient Number 1 and the progress to full dose and why we're doing that and what our real goal is and to restate that, we're looking to bring a functional cure forward for this disease. The other reason those results in that first patient are so important is because those same cells, exactly those same cells, are the cells that are in the cell plus device program. And that cells plus device program is now in its IND-enabling study space, and we do expect to file that IND this year. I will keep my comments about the encapsulation at a high level. But what I can tell you is that the device has been specifically configured to allow vascularization and exchange of oxygen and nutrients, to allow insulin to go back and forth and for it to sense glucose but to keep the immune system out. I'll also tell you that it's not just the materials, but it's the geometry. And our studies to date, including in large animal models, tell us that we've overcome the historic complications with foreign body response and the lack of the ability to properly oxygenate and provide nutrients to the cells. With regard to the CF landscape and we've talked about it before, but I'll remind that as you look at the CF landscape today, the bottom line is that TRIKAFTA has simply set a very high bar. More patients around the globe are treated with a VERTEX CFTR modulator today than ever before. And the vast majority of that is with TRIKAFTA. TRIKAFTA's clinical trial data are remarkable. You remember the ppFEV1 at 14% from the clinical trial results. But it's not just the acute changes in lung function. As I shared in my prepared remarks, TRIKAFTA now has long-term data from the 96-week follow-up study from the pivotal trials. And what it shows is no decline in mean lung function over time, the first for any CFTR modulator. And now we also have data, real-world data from the CF registry. And that shows improvements in really important measures like transplantation, pulmonary exacerbation and death. And so you put this all together and what you really have is if there's any medicine that will compete with TRIKAFTA, it has to go head-to-head against TRIKAFTA in clinical trials. That's exactly what we're doing with 121/561/tezacaftor. It has to have improved benefit. And you have to have the long-term data. The only company that has that is Vertex. And the most advanced competitor to TRIKAFTA is our own 121/561/tezacaftor, which is already in Phase III studies.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, yes, really great questions, Robyn. Let me take the neuropathic pain question first with 548 and then let's do type 1 diabetes.  Okay. the NaV1.8 axis, as I described earlier, is an exciting one. It's an exciting target for us because of the genetic validation but also because of the pharmacologic validation with VX-150, which had positive results not only in acute, but also neuropathic pain. So yes, I do expect VX-548 has potential in neuropathic pain. Unlike acute pain, which as the name implies, is a short-lived pain syndrome, neuropathic pain is a chronic disease state. So the kind of preclinical data and the work that we need to do and the package we need to put together is different, and that's what we're doing right now. But I do expect that the NaV1.8 axis and that target will be important in neuropathic pain. And I point you to the NaV, 150 results as the clearest reason to believe. With regard to the question around potentially getting to a point of having fully differentiated, allogeneic, insulin-producing pancreatic islet cells that could be edited to evade the immune system, here's the most important thing, you have to have the cells. It's not actually about the editing. It's not actually about the device. It's not actually about the off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. Those are 3 different ways to protect the cells from the immune system, but it's actually about the cells. And the only company that has these allogeneic, fully differentiated, pancreatic islet cells that make insulin and can make these cells in industrial quantities is Vertex. And we are working on multiple approaches to protect these cells from the immune system. VX-180 -- 880 uses the off-the-shelf immunosuppressives. The -- we call it VX-264. That's the cells plus device program that uses a device to protect the cells from the immune system. And then, of course, we have our program to edit the cells. But the key is it's the cells.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mohit, thanks so much. So let me tell you a little bit about the background of APOL1-mediated kidney disease, and I think it will help you understand where we are and what it means for the future. And you're right about the fact that testing is low and that we need to do more in order to get patients tested. But as you also know, when we have a disease for which we have no therapy to offer patients, which is the case today with APOL1-mediated kidney disease, the motivation for patients and physicians understandably is not high to get a genetic diagnosis for something we can do nothing to be helpful. Okay. So the one APOL1 story is a very recent story. It's only about a decade, 12 years old that we have actually come to understand that the large amount of kidney disease, proteinuric kidney disease that we previously didn't understand in patients of African origin is APOL1-mediated kidney disease. This is only something we've figured out in the last 10 to 12 years.  The homogeneity of the disease is clear, and I would even say obvious. And I say that because it's found in people who have kidney disease with proteinuria and 2 APOL1 alleles. That's how you define this group. And the underlying thread, therefore, is having 2 APOL1 alleles. There have been studies done in patients who have proteinuria and have 2 APOL1 alleles versus not. And when you have 2 APOL1 alleles, your outcomes are uniformly worse, you progress the kidney disease faster. That's the homogeneity. Now the question you also ask is, is this well-known? Is this well understood? Because the -- our understanding of the genetics itself is fairly recent, there is an education effort, and that is part of what we're doing. We, ourselves, are working on 503c diagnostic to accompany VX-147, and we're working with patients and physicians to ensure that diagnosis is supported.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, it's a really great question, Evan. The thing I would share with you that's topmost on my mind is a -- if I wear my nephrology hat is that the hope that VX-147 offers is something that is truly novel and a big deal, a big deal in the renal community. The reason I say that is that this is one of the few genetically defined kidney diseases that we understand. And it is one of the first, if not the first precision medicine approach to a genetically driven kidney disease where we're targeting the underlying cause of the kidney disease. There is a relationship between proteinuria and GFR. So GFR is simply a measure of kidney function, right? Just like ppFEV1, which we're all very familiar with is a measure of lung function. And the relationship is this. Proteinuria measures kidney damage. It tells you that protein, which is supposed to stay on one side of the membrane is leaking out into the urine. When you have that and it progresses, the next step is decreases in GFR, a measure a function of the kidney. And unfortunately, the next steps after that are continued decline leading to either transplantation, dialysis or death. So these are very related measures. I think they are individually important and collectively very telling about the course of a patient. But maybe clinically speaking, what I would say is when you see a patient who has a proteinuric kidney disease, what are we trying to do in the clinic? We are trying to reduce proteinuria because there is a clear correlation between proteinuria and the hard outcomes of transplantation, dialysis and death.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes, Debjit, you asked three important and related questions to the 147 program in AMKD. So let me try to answer them in this way. When we talk about the 147 program and targeting our pivotal development so that we can address the 100,000 people with 2 APOL1 alleles and proteinuric kidney disease, these people already have kidney disease, these are not people at risk for kidney disease. So the double-hit hypothesis is a good point. That's for "at risk to develop" disease. These people we are talking about already have disease. The second question is a related question around proteinuria, its potential use as a surrogate endpoint for accelerated approval, and then how you do these studies in terms of the hard endpoint. As I said before, we simply haven't had our end of Phase II meeting. We'll have it soon enough, and then I can share details of the program with you. But generally speaking, the way that studies are done when proteinuria is the endpoint for accelerated approval is in the same study. The study continues and you go on to the composite endpoint of change in GFR, time to ESRD or death. And that's how you collect that hard endpoint.
