Charlie Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex's results in the first quarter of 2023 demonstrate our consistent strong performance and attractive growth profile regardless of macroeconomic conditions. First quarter 2023 revenue increased 13% year-over-year to $2.37 billion. Growth was led by a 33% year-over-year increase outside the U.S. on continued strong uptake of TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO in markets with recently achieved reimbursement, as well as label extensions into younger age groups. U.S. CF revenue grew 3% year-over-year with ongoing consistent performance. First quarter 2023 combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D, and SG&A expenses were $1.2 billion compared to $687 million in the first quarter of 2022. Q1, 2023 results include $347 million of acquired IPR&D charges, compared to just $2 million of such charges in the first quarter of 2022. First quarter 2023 IPR&D expenses resulted from several new collaborations, which augment our internal innovation efforts as detailed on slide 15, including collaborations with Entrada Therapeutics and DM1 ImmunoGen for gentler conditioning agents and the expansion of our relationship with CRISPR Therapeutics into Type one diabetes. Aside from our investments in external innovation and the resulting higher acquired IPR&D charges, operating expense growth was driven as expected by continued investment in research in our advancing pipeline, which includes mid and late stage clinical assets across eight different disease areas. For example, these investments are directed towards clinical studies for the vanzacaftor triple in CF, VX-548 in acute pain, and type one diabetes, as well as pre-commercial build-out activities for exa-cel and other potential near-term launches. Given the potentially transformative benefit to patients and multibillion-dollar market opportunities for our programs, we will continue to invest appropriately. First quarter 2023 non-GAAP operating income was $902 million in the quarter, compared to $1.17 billion in the first quarter of 2022. First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $3.05. We ended the quarter with $11.5 billion in cash and investments, as our cash flow generation and balance sheet remain very strong. Now switching to guidance. Given our first quarter results and our consistent execution, there are no changes to our 2023 financial guidance as detailed on slide 16. We continue to expect product revenue guidance of $9.55 billion to $9.7 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth year-over-year. Note that, this guidance continues to include an expected approximate 1.5 percentage point headwind to our revenue growth, inclusive of our foreign exchange risk management program. As we mentioned in early February, given our years of experience in CF, we have strong visibility to our 2023 revenue guidance range, which is inclusive of expected new approvals like the TRIKAFTA U.S. approval in patients ages two to five and new reimbursements outside the U.S. Note too that 2023 product revenue guidance continues to reflect revenue from cystic fibrosis products only. Exa-cel is not included in guidance as potential approval and launch dates in the EU, UK and US are still to be determined. We are also reiterating our 2023 guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D, acquired IPR&D, and SG&A expenses in the range of $3.9 billion to $4 billion. Our 2023 non-GAAP operating expense guidance now includes approximately $400 million of upfronts and milestones from previously existing or recently completed BD transactions versus the $300 million that was anticipated at the beginning of the year. Our operating expenses continue to be more than 70% allocated to R&D and are funding the significant continued progress of our multiple mid and late stage clinical development programs. Additionally, we are funding the expansion of our commercialization capabilities in anticipation of the multibillion dollar market opportunities represented by our programs with near term launch potential. Our guidance for projected full year 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 21% to 22% is also unchanged. In closing, Vertex performed exceptionally well in the first quarter of 2023. We delivered strong revenue growth, invested internally and externally, and accelerated programs across our diverse pipeline. We're also proud of our industry leading culture of innovation that we believe will continue to drive long term success. A few highlights from our recently published Corporate Responsibility Report are found on slide 17. And as we continue to advance our programs in 2023, we anticipate further important milestones as highlighted on slide 18 to mark our continued progress in multiple disease areas. We look-forward to updating you on our progress on future calls. And I'll ask Susie to begin the Q&A period.
Charlie Wagner: Yes, Salveen, thanks. Given that we've just reiterated our 2023 OpEx guidance, you can expect, I'm not going to have much to comment on about 2024. I will say that the growth in OpEx in 2023, of course, is driven by the advancements in the pipeline, we've got multiple programs in mid and late stage including a few that are very close to commercialization. Even with that the majority, over 70% of our OpEx is invested in R&D. Looking ahead, as we have more programs moving towards commercialization, you could see a little bit of a mix shift towards commercial spend, but importantly, with our model of focusing on transformative medicines in specialty populations, we always expect that SG&A burden on the business would be quite low. It gives us the ability to drive significant profitability over time.
Charlie Wagner: And then, Geoff, on capital allocation, no change at all in our strategy or priorities. Our priority continues to be investment in innovation, both internally and externally. You saw that we were active with BD in the first quarter. While it may be true that if you look back over the last 18 months or so, we've done a number of BD transactions in cell and gene therapy, I don't think you have to project forward that that's the only place we're focused. As you know, we've got a sandbox of disease areas, and we are modality agnostic and we'll do the deals that make sense for our program areas and fit our strategy. Lastly, I guess I would be remiss to point out, we do have an ongoing share buyback program as well. We've been at that for about five years or so. And that program continues to be a part of our capital allocation strategy.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Hi, Dave. This is Reshma. Let me take that one for you. We see three distinct areas for a drug like VX-548. One is acute pain. I'll put that aside for now and I'll come back to it. And instead of seeing the chronic market as one market, we actually see it as two. The first being neuropathic pain. And the second being, let's call it, musculoskeletal pain. In that chronic market which we subdivided into two, our immediate area of interest and where we are already in Phase 2 in the update on today's call is that we are now projecting the completion of that Phase 2 proof-of-concept study by the end of this year, early next. We see that as a very substantial market and we are pursuing that first because, one, their very high unmet need. Two because it fits our commercialization model, that is to say, a specialty market. I fully expect that VX-548 and NaV1.8 inhibition in general will also be effective for musculoskeletal pain. And I say that not based on conjuncture but rather because the product sets are molecules VX-150, we've already taken that into a form of musculoskeletal pain and it was positive there as well. So the way I see our pain portfolio progressing is acute pain first. We're already in phase 3. That program will be completed towards the end of this year, beginning of next and I see that as the first pain opportunity in terms of nearest to market. Second, the neuropathic pain program, and I do expect that 548 will work in musculoskeletal pain. I don't see that as a Vertexian disease because it requires a primary care outreach but certainly, if the medicine can help, and I believe it will, we'll find a way to get it to patients but that will be through a Vertex commercialization enterprise.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Let me take the mRNA question first, and then I'll come back around to pain. With regard to the program we have ongoing with Moderna, that's the VX-522 program. It is a program for the approximately last 5,000 patients or so who simply can't benefit from CFTR modulators. It is a SAD MAD program with the SAD portion of it going on right now. When we did KALYDECO and TRIKAFTA, for example, our patients used to tell us that they knew from the first day that they were on placebo or active therapy. So I can't rule out when we will know whether we have efficacy. But in terms of time lines and what you can plan for, we expect to be done with the SAD this year, and we expect to be well into the MAD this year. So those are the time lines we're looking forward to. With regard to the pain studies and what you could expect there, I don't really see read-through from acute to chronic neuropathic pain or vice versa. What I do see read through is from the Phase 2 studies to Phase 3. And I also see read-through from the NaV1.8 class. That is to say VX-150, which already showed efficacy in acute neuropathic and musculoskeletal. So as I look forward to the VX-548 pain study results, and the VX-548 dose-ranging Phase 2 neuropathic range neuropathic study results, that's where I'm looking to for precedents, the Phase 2 program in VX-548 itself in acute pain, and the VX-150 program across the three pain types.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. The first question on how do we think about VX-548 in neuropathic pain and what are our expectations. As I shared with you earlier, when we were waiting on the acute pain Phase 2 results, I have high expectations for the VX-548 program in general, and that extends to neuropathic pain. And the reasons for that are multifold, but here are three reasons. One, NaV1.8 as a target has often been called the holy grail in the pain setting because pain signals go through the NaV1.8 channel, and that's how these signals are propagated. So they are central to the perception of pain. That is for acute and that is the same for neuropathic. Two, VX-150, the predecessor molecule already delivered positive proof of concept in neuropathic pain. That study had patients, the 150 study had patients with something called small fiber neuropathy, and it also had patients with diabetic neuropathy, that's the study we're doing now, diabetic neuropathy. And three, the VX-548 molecule is multifold, more potent and has better drug-like properties, which is why we went on to seek another molecule despite the success with VX-150. You put that all together and that sort of gives you a sense for why we have our high expectations for this. I think you had a second question on TDT. Let me ask Stuart to comment on that.
Reshma Kewalramani: Jess, this is Reshma. You're right about the study design. It is a study that has a primary endpoint of VX-548 versus placebo just like the Phase 2 study and there is a secondary endpoint with regard to the opioid comparator arm. And you'll remember in the Phase 2 study, we also had an opioid arm, but in the Phase 2 program, given the reasonably efficient study design, it was not for comparison, but for context. But I will point you to the press release that we put out to give you if you want to get a sense for what the magnitude of the treatment effect was and how it compares. And I'll just say that it compares favorably, of course, it was not there for comparison. Let me turn it over to Stuart to comment on the commercial implications.
Reshma Kewalramani: Jess, this is Reshma. If you look at the Phase 2 data, both in abdominoplasty and bunionectomy, the benefit risk profile looks very good. And when you look specifically at safety and tolerability, it compares very, very well to placebo. So a really good-looking side effect profile.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure, Colin. There were a couple of questions in there. Let me talk about the type 1 diabetes questions first, and then I'll come back around to DMD. With regard to the type 1 diabetes portfolio at Vertex, we really have three programs. The first is VX-880. That's the naked cell program that uses off-the-shelf immunosuppressive. That's the program that has completed, and I'm very pleased to share completed Part A and Part B, and that's the program where we're going to share the results at multiple congresses through the year, starting with ADA. What you should expect there is the full cohort of Part A and Part B patients and you should expect that, that is to say more patients' worth of data than we've previously shared and longer-term data, including some patients that are out more than a year. Those same cells, the VX-880 cells are the foundation for Program 2, which is the self-plus device program, and those same cells are the foundation for Program 3, which is the hypoimmune program. And that's really important because -- as you know, there are two parts to this. The first is having cells that are fully differentiated and insulin producing. We've got that. And the second is how to evade the immune system. In the 264 program, we made the immune system with a device. I'm not going to share any more details than we have in the past. But I will say that it's a proprietary device that has a particular material, geometry, and structure that allow for oxygenation and nutrient transport as well as sensing of glucose and release of insulin without worry of the immune system coming into the cells and from what we've seen to date in large animal models and small, no fibrosis. And of course, the third is the cells with the edits so that the edited cells evade the immune system. With regard to when we can see data from VX-264, we haven't guided to that, but we are very pleased with the clearance of the CTA and IND and we expect the trial to start dosing patients in the near future. With regard to the DMD program, you'll recall that our approach is different than the approach being taken by many in the field. That is to say our approach is grounded in human genetics and what we see is that if you have near full length or full-length dystrophin, which is the goal of our program, you have a very mild version of the disease. There is no such human genetic validation for an approach using microdystrophin. We're excited about the program. It is in its IND-enabling studies, and we are on track to complete those studies and get the IND filed towards the second half of this year.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. As Reshma said, the 32,000, those patients who are sort of the severe end of the spectrum, essentially, patients very similar to those that were enrolled in our clinical trials. These are patients who are having multiple occlusive crises per year for our sickle cell disease population and multiple transfusions in the year for those in the transfusion-dependent thalassemia patient population. So these are patients who -- whose lives are very, very significantly impacted by their disease, and it really impacts all aspects of their life, impacts their loved ones, impacts their ability to work, and they have a very, very significant burden of disease and also a very significant burden for the health care system. So in the discussions that we've had with both patients, payers, and physician groups, the unmet need is very, very clearly well understood, the potential for curative onetime therapies is very, very much something that people are looking forward to. I think with any new technology and with any new product, there are always going to be some questions that people will have around things like safety as these are really transformative and innovative therapies. And to some extent, for some people, that's something that can only get solved over the course of time and with their own live experience. But certainly, the level of enthusiasm we're seeing from all stakeholders is very, very high, and we're very optimistic about this being a multibillion-dollar opportunity.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Hey, Geoff. So on vanzacaftor, just to remind everybody on the call, our goal in cystic fibrosis is to get as many people as possible to carrier levels of chloride transport as we can. Carryovers of sweat chloride, pardon me, as we can because we believe if we can do that, we will essentially be able to prevent CF developing in people as we know it today. As you know, from our in-vitro assays, but also from our clinical data with the vanzacaftor triple combination, we believe we can get to even higher levels than we've even been able to establish with TRIKAFTA which, as you know, so it's a very, very high bar. And so the study that we have ongoing, both in 12 plus but also is our 6 to 11 is aimed to do just that, to compare TRIKAFTA with vanzacaftor. And obviously, we were looking forward to seeing the data when those studies read out. As you identified, I think there's really going to be sort of two treatment opportunities for the vanzacaftor triple combination. If the efficacy is superior to what we see with TRIKAFTA, I think it's going to be a really exciting new treatment option, either for those people who are currently being treated with one of our existing CFTR modulators or for patients who have discontinued one of our CFTR modulators. And I said in my prepared remarks, globally, there are about 6,000 of those patients now. Now your question is why might they respond to vanzacaftor if they haven't responded to our other medicines. Actually, the major reason for discontinuation is not lack of efficacy. Our products are amazingly efficacious in just about every patient. It tends to be for things like adverse events. And so I do think it's going to be an attractive treatment option for people to consider who may have discontinued one of our previous CFTR modulators. So obviously, the data will be very influential to all of this. We're looking forward to seeing that and also the studies are fully enrolled and ongoing, and so we're looking forward to seeing that data. But I do think vanza has the potential to be an even better treatment option for many patients even in TRIKAFTA.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Thanks, Reshma. So the study program that we've got is we designed, which Reshma just commented on, is designed to secure for us a label for moderate to severe acute pain. In contrast to a number of other relatively recent approvals in acute pain, which have been related to postsurgical pain and linked to certain procedure types, that's not the label we are seeking for. We are seeking a label for moderate to severe acute pain with large, could be post surgical and that's indeed the nature of our studies, but that is not the label we're seeking. So we are not sizing the market based on the number of procedures or the number of a surgery, it is for the broad treatment of acute pain, which can't be controlled with kind of standard NSAIDs and things like that. When you look at that market opportunity in the U.S. alone, it's roughly 1.5 billion treatment days of medicine are utilized and despite 90-plus percent of those prescriptions being generic, therefore, very, very cheap, it is a $4 billion market in the US today. So we see a very, very significant commercial opportunity for VX-548 if it has the profile that Reshma described.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Well, so on the CGT access model, I would consider this kind of complementary to our ongoing efforts with both government and commercial payers, secure access for exa-cel as close to approval as we possibly can. The model has only just been announced, and so it's obviously going to take a while for that to be fleshed out and then implemented. We're certainly not relying on that to be in place for a successful launch of exa-cel. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've been having extensive discussions with both government and commercial payers for the last few months, and we'll continue to up to and post the approval of exa-cel and so we are working with them. We're not relying on the CDT access model for a successful launch. What I do think it is a signal of though, is just how important payers consider getting innovative therapies like exa-cel through these traditionally underserved patient population. So to us, it's a real indicator of a groundswell of opinion that people want to get these transformative medicines to patients that has been poorly treated in the past.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So Jessica, if you offered people today, a medicine, which had opioid-like efficacy but without all of the associated baggage, including addictive potential, they would tell you that, that is a very, very attractive treatment option for them to be considering. If we were superior to an opioid, then probably that would be additionally beneficial and something that we would obviously be very pleased about. However, I don't want you to take away anything other than if you have opioid-like efficacy without the baggage, that is a very, very attractive treatment option. And I think that would be a very commercially successful option.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, ma'am. That will conclude our question-and-answer session as well as our conference call for today. A replay of today's event will be available shortly after the call concludes by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529 or 1 (412) 317-0088 and you can use the replay access code 8384718. Everyone, have a great day.
