Reshma Kewalramani: Phil, this is Reshma. Let me take the first part of your question and then I'll ask Stuart to comment on the commercial launch readiness. With regard to exa-cel, the FDA has informed us that there will be an advisory committee. This is not unexpected as we've discussed in the past, given the new mechanism of action. We don't have further details. Those will be forthcoming. And I expect we'll know more as we approach the date of the AdCom which we don't have today either. However, conventionally, the advisory committees usually take place about 1 to 2 months before the PDUFA date. So that's the general framework that we're looking at. We are very excited to have the opportunity to share our data, to talk about the benefit risk and to talk about the transformative potential and to have the patient's voices heard at the advisory committee. Let me turn it over to Stuart to comment on launch readiness.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure thing. Liisa, with regard to the T1D program, on the VX-880 side, that's, let's call it the naked cells program. You should expect to have a data readout at the fall diabetes conference where there will be an oral presentation. On the 264 program, that's the cells plus device program, we've just initiated enrollment. We've just dosed, as you heard in my prepared remarks, the first patient. And you should expect to hear from us with regard to results from that cells plus device program which does not require immunosuppressants, either when we reached a milestone in terms of data readout or we have a decision to communicate. We won't be sharing results patient by patient.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Geoff, as we think about the busulfan based conditioning regimen which is what exa-cel will launch with, we see that as having a positive benefit risk profile for the approximately 32,000 people with the most severe forms of sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia. And with the improved or gentler conditioning, we see the opportunity to serve the full 150,000 people with sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia in Europe and the U.S. What this program looks like and we have an active set of programs internally, our partners at CRISPR are working on this problem, other academia and biotechs are working on this problem. And so I do see this as a problem that will be solved. It's not a tomorrow solution but I see this happening in the coming months and years. What we see is the opportunity to have a conditioning regimen that very specifically targets the compartment and the cells that are limited to those hematopoietic stem cells sparing all of the other cells. And in so doing, not have the side effects of busulfan, including the very significant cytopenias that you see with busulfan. So I do think that this is an area that we will see a solution for because we and others are working on it and because of the broad application and I do think you'll see progress in the coming months and in our years. I don't mean decades.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. So Robyn, the bar for neuropathic pain is to have a better overall profile benefit risk taken together than existing therapies. As you know, the existing therapy has limitations in terms of efficacy but there are also limitations on the safety/AE side. And the reason for that is what we use for neuropathic pain is frankly, a recycled medicine that comes from fundamentally central nervous system depression that we are reusing for neuropathic pain because that's the best we have. So what we're going to be looking for is improvement in diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain scores, change from baseline and our Phase II dose-ranging proof-of-concept study also has a Lyrica arm for context. So we'll be able to see the magnitude of the treatment effect as well as a Lyrica arm for context.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. David, I think you're asking about the AATD program. And just to ground everyone on that one, this is our program where we have 2 molecules, VX-864 which is in a Phase II study and VX-634 which is making its way through a Phase I study. Our excitement for this particular program and disease comes from the fact that it fits the Vertex strategy like a glove. We are seeking to target both the liver and lung manifestations of this disease. And our small molecule approach is the only one that holds the potential to treat both liver and lung manifestations. And I do believe you need to treat both in order to have a transformative medicine. Our VX-864 study which is in Phase II is a long-term study. It's a 48-week study. And there, we are looking at the impact of long-term dosing on both functional AAT levels in the blood and clearance of liver polymer. You might recall that on a post-hoc analysis of our VX-864 Phase II data from a few years ago, we saw a 90-plus percent reduction in serum Z polymer levels which is why we're so interested in the liver polymer. And in the 634 study, we are going through our first in-human studies. So I expect that we'll have all the results from both of these trials by sometime next year, so 2024 and I expect that we'll be able to share the results at that time. Exact timing, we're going to need to get a few more months under our belt to look at the enrollment dynamics but I do expect we'll be sharing results by sometime next year. So it's a '24 milestone.
Reshma Kewalramani: Mohit, I think you're talking about the vanzacaftor triple, that's our next-in-class regimen for CF. This is the program that's in Phase III and we expect to complete both studies in the 12-plus-year-old age group and the 6 plus year age group this year with results from that pivotal program early next year. With regard to your question on sweat chloride and ppFEV1, yes. There is a very strong association between improvements in sweat chloride and improvements in lung function. And you can see that across all of our previous CFTR modulators, all the way from KALYDECO through ORKAMBI SIM and TRIKAFTA. So that relationship is strong. In terms of what you should expect from the vanzacaftor triple. Or let me put it another way, the reason we have such high enthusiasm for the vanzacaftor triple, in the preclinical experiments, including the very important HBE assays which have been not only qualitatively predictive but quantitatively so, the vanzacaftor triple, I know this is hard to believe in a tall order but the vanzacaftor triple preclinically is even better than TRIKAFTA in our HPE cells. And when we look across the Phase II studies that have been done, the vanzacaftor triple have better sweat chloride than even TRIKAFTA. It's hard to call -- make a call on ppFEV1 because in the Phase II studies, the sample sizes are obviously smaller and ppFEV1 is a more variable endpoint. So I think the right measure to look at is indeed sweat chloride. And from all of the data we've collected, vanza is even better than TRIKAFTA on that measurement of sweat chloride.
Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. My confidence level in the VX-548 program is equal for the acute pain studies in that Phase III program as it is for the diabetic peripheral neuropathy Phase II program. And you're right, that confidence comes from the pharmacologic validation of the target which we ourselves conducted with our predecessor molecule, VX-150 and also the genetic validation of the 1 8 target. With regard to double-click on what you could expect from both acute and the neuropathic pain studies, the acute pain program is 2 randomized clinical trials in the same bunionectomy, abdominoplasty. Those are 2 of the RCTs. And the third is a single-arm safety and efficacy study to allow a broad, moderate-to-severe acute pain label in the various settings that Stuart described in terms of use. And I expect that those results will be available late this year, early next. And the goal there is, gosh, if we see what we saw in Phase II for VX-548 acute pain, that would be a home run. So the diabetic peripheral neuropathy program, this is a multiple-dose-ranging proof-of-concept study where we also have a gabapentin arm for context. So what you should be looking for there is improvement in the pain score from baseline to the 12-week time point when we have the pain endpoint and you'll be able to make assessments versus the gabapentin arm that's in their fourth context. That study is fully enrolled and should also be available in terms of results late this year, early next.
Reshma Kewalramani: Colin, I think there are 2 separate questions in there. One about the vanza triple and what do we need to see and then one on DMD. Let me tackle the DMD, DM1 question, I'll come back to vanza. On the DMD question, I'm going to broaden it out to muscular dystrophies as a whole and I'll talk about DMD. and DM1. We have programs in DMD that are going through IND-enabling studies now as well as in DM1. We actually have multiple programs in DM1. The lead program is the one that we in-licensed from Entrada. And that program also is already in IND-enabling studies and both of them should have those results in the second half of '23. And our timing remains to file the IND for both DMD and for DM1 for the lead program in DM1 in the second half of this year. With regard to the vanza, I think Stuart just covered that. What we're looking to see in the way the study is designed is vanzacaftor in the Phase III program head-to-head versus TRIKAFTA and the primary endpoint is sweat chloride. And the reason for that is, again, with patients who -- with carriers, those with who have 1 CF gene, they have virtually no manifestations of disease. And that is measured assessed by the sweat chloride carrier level is a description of sweat chloride levels. So that's what we're measuring. We are, of course, going to have PPFEV1 in there. And as Stuart said, if the profile is, as I described it to be, improvement on sweat chloride levels, we expect it to have real value to patients. I'll also add that the vanzacaftor triple has a lower royalty burden than the TRIKAFTA combination.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Phil, so thanks for the question. Obviously, the first most important step to provide the conditions for a successful launch are going to be to secure access and reimbursement because as you know, without access and reimbursement, there really is no opportunity for patients to get treated. And that's why I focus my comments on that and we are doing everything we can with payers, both in the U.S. and internationally try and get access and reimbursement as close to regulatory approval as we possibly can. Obviously, that's not entirely within our control but that's what we're working on. In terms of the kind of uptake curve in the future, now, obviously, that's going to depend on the interest from physicians and patients. We know that, that is very high. But I would remind you that, as I've said on previous calls, we do expect the uptake with exa-cel to be slower, obviously, than we see with our CF medicines where the launches are almost vertical. And that's largely because, as you know, this is a multi-month process that a patient has to go through to get treated with exa-cel. Obviously, they have to decide with their physician that they want to go through a gene therapy. They have to have their cells collected. The cells then have to be edited, returned to the site and then the patient has to schedule coming in for essentially the equivalent of a bone marrow transplant before they're actually dosed with the exa-cel drug product. So it is a multi-month process from start to finish for any individual patient. And so that's why we've always said this launch, we do expect to be slightly slower in uptake rate than in cystic fibrosis but we continue to believe there's a lot of interest. It's a big market opportunity and we see exa-cel as a multibillion-dollar opportunity in the future.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. We are considering a range of different options, Phil. The reason for that is kind of if you ask 1 payer, what they're looking for, you get 1 answer. If you ask another pay, you get another answer. So I think much as we've done with cystic fibrosis, we're going to look to be flexible. There are some who are going to be interested in just a straight price and just paying upfront for the benefits of onetime functional cures. Others are looking at more things like outcomes-based agreements on that. And so right now, we're in kind of listening mode and defining and designing what the nature of our payment models will be. But I think the key word is probably flexibility.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So acute pain, obviously which is going to be our first launch indication subject to the studies being positive is -- 2 things can be true at the same time, Liisa. I'd say one is acute pain therapies are prescribed by a wide range of prescribers. That is indeed true but it's equally true that a large percentage of the prescriptions are concentrated in institutions, ambulatory surgical centers, settings like that, where patients are either prescribed and dispensed their acute pain medicine whilst they're in the institution or the facility. And then they're also prescribed and given a prescription on discharge for their ongoing pain management when they leave the facility. That accounts for a large percentage of the prescriptions in acute pain. Those prescriptions are concentrated in somewhere around just shy of 200 sites covered by about 220 or so IDNs. And that is going to be the primary focus of our commercialization activities. We think we can cover that universe of centers with a sales force approximately in the 150 range which fits very nicely with our focus on specialty markets.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Salveen, thanks for the question. I think there's a couple of other things that are likely to be supportive of VX-548 in acute pain. One is, I think we are likely to see a number of the existing pain treatment guidelines, consider updates their guidelines once there is the availability of a safe and effective non-opioid medicine. In addition and you mentioned one of them, I think we are increasingly going to see policies change their focus. The policies that have been put in place in states and hospitals over the last few years for understandable reasons have largely all have been about restricting prescriptions, restricting who can prescribe for which patient types for what length of time. I think we are beginning to see the focus of those policy initiatives changed to being supportive of non-opioid pain medicines like VX-548. And I think that that's a very welcome systemic change which will potentially support the uptake of the VX-548 subsequent to it getting approved. So in addition to our own commercialization efforts, I think there's a number of supportive at the launch.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Terence. So we've kind of gone away over the last few years of kind of giving detail to the forensic accounting of all the different patient numbers. And so I'm not going to kind of give you an updated estimate at this time. But as Charlie said in his remarks and I set in mine, we've continued to make good progress in treating more patients, including in younger age groups and including in other countries where we've secured reimbursements and launches. But other than that, we're not going into more detail at this time. We may -- if there's a substantial change, we may update those numbers as we've done in the last couple of years or so at the beginning of next year when we talk about our guidance for the following year.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. So -- and in terms of the sort of uptake and what's attractive of the profile, we know from speaking with CF clinicians if vanzacaftor has the sort of profile that Reshma described earlier, where it's delivering increased levels of benefit in terms of CFTR function as measured through sweat chloride that, that in and of itself will be an attractive proposition because as Reshma said, the link between increases in CFTR function and improvements in outcomes has been demonstrated through our own work. In addition, you were talking about patients potentially transitioning. I do think there's an important group we should also consider which is -- there have been a number of patients who over the years have discontinued their CFTR modulators. It's probably somewhere north of 6,000 patients who we know want to be on a CFTR modulator but have had to discontinue over the years. And I do think that's another population who will welcome an additional treatment option being available.
