Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Dennis [ph] on for Mike. Congrats on the progress in the quarter. Can you just please remind us the status of the ongoing diabetes Phase I, VX-880 and if we will get updated data this year and if you can comment on where that will be great? And regarding the device program, is that something that we can see initial data in 2023 and like how should we think about the level of data disclosure for that program, given you only disclosed a single patient’s worth of beta for VX-880? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Joe [ph] on for Geoff. I had a question on exa-cel. Can you walk us through how we should be thinking about the eventual commercial rollout? And after filing in the EU and the U.S., what is the rough timeline for first revenue? Should we be thinking late 2023 or is that more early 2024? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Yi Han [ph] on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on the strong quarter and pipeline progress. So we have two questions. The first one is on your CF-based business. So how do you believe the competitive threat from AbbVie’s latest triple with tezacaftor just appeared on the clinicaltrials.gov? And the second question is on the CRISPR-based DMD therapy. So you have already noted the IND filing will be next year. So when do you think we could see the first clinical data for the program, would you consider, for example, like release in the single patient data as you have already done with the VX-880 program for diabetes? Thank you.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Hey. Thanks very much for that. Your question is about our type 1 diabetes program and just to ground everyone. There are actually three programs within our type 1 diabetes portfolio. The first is VX-880, and that one is actually in Phase I/II. So it’s a program that’s already in patients. That’s the program in which we have already achieved proof of concept based on the first two patients treated, importantly with half the targeted dose. That program is now continuing. We are enrolling and dosing patients at the full targeted dose and we do expect to share data next year at the appropriate conference or venue. The second program in that portfolio is the cells plus device program. That program has its IND on track for later this year. With regard to what you should expect from that in terms of data disclosures and when we might be able to see data, I would think about the type 1 diabetes programs, whether it’s cells alone or cells plus device closer to CTX001 and less similar to our small molecule programs. And what I mean by that is, we go right into patients and with a reasonably small number of patients, because you are right into patients with this potentially one-time curative therapy, we can tell a lot about the treatment effect and the emerging profile. So it’s a little bit too early to comment on exactly when we will see data, but I would think about the program closer to CTX than to small molecules. And then lastly, just to round up the type 1 diabetes program, the third vertical or the third pillar in that program is the same exa-cel, these VX-880 cells that have already demonstrated benefit in the clinic, we are editing those cells in order to cloak them from the immune system and that would allow us to not have to use immunosuppressants.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey, Mohit. Thanks for the kind words. Your question is about CFTR modulators in general and what can we expect in terms of benefit? Let me just blow out that question a little bit more and broaden it. When you think about the benefit of CFTR modulators, it’s important to realize that CF, as a disease, is a systemic disease. So the only manifestation is not the lung. It is a very prominent manifestation, but it’s not the only manifestation. So what do I mean by that? CF patients also have difficulty with liver disease. They also have difficulty with endocrine and exocrine pancreatic disease, and you know about the difficulty in gaining weight, gaining height and living a high quality life in the absence of CFTR modulators. So the real benefit of CFTR modulators and we have seen this with KALYDECO to start with all the way up to TRIKAFTA is certainly an improvement in lung function and the way we measure that acutely is indeed ppFEV1. Now your specific question is, is 14%, which is what TRIKAFTA achieved, is that the max, and I think the jury is still out on what the maximum ppFEV1 benefit could be. But I will tell you that the next in-class combination, that’s the VX-121/ tezacaftor/561 combination. In the Phase II study, it had search in populations get up to 20% in benefits. So I think the jury is still out, and we have the next wave of molecules to look forward to. And just to close out the benefits, there are some abstracts coming out at NACFC that include data from TRIKAFTA and some of our other CFTR modulators. And it’s really encouraging to see that this benefit on ppFEV1 also translates to benefit in terms of mortality, lung transplantation, hospitalizations and pulmonary exacerbations.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. Phil, the inaxaplin trial, that’s the VX-147 trial in AMKD or APOL1-mediated kidney disease is the program that’s the adaptive Phase II/III study. And the criteria for dose selection, Phil, really centers around measures of efficacy seen at 12 weeks and what that really means is proteinuria. Remember, proteinuria, we can see, change within that 12-week period. That is not possible for the change in GFR. Now the -- there is a committee that can look at the data to make that decision, that is done in the appropriate way, given the need to maintain trial integrity. But I would assume that we would share the fact that we have gotten past that important Phase II milestone and that a dose has been selected, but we are going to have to be careful about maintaining steady integrity, given that there are patients that are in the trial and will be continuing to the Phase III portion.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Hey. Good afternoon, Evan. So the question is on our alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency or AATD program. And let me take one-half step back and remind everyone why we are so interested in this disease. So AATD fits the VERTEX strategy, our R&D strategy like a glove. It is a disease where we understand the causal human biology, we have a validated target and we also have a biomarker that translates from bench to bedside. There are about 100,000 people in Europe and the U.S. who have this disease, and by the way, it happens to be a pulmonary disease that is a disease of protein misfolding, something we know a little bit about given our work in cystic fibrosis. So that’s why this disease just fits us perfectly. What we saw with the VX-864 Phase II trial. Now 864 is the first-generation corrector for AAT is, for the first time, a small molecule was able to raise functional AAT levels. That has never been demonstrated before. And in the exploratory analysis, we were also able to see more than 90% reduction in serum polymer levels. When we put that all together, here’s where we are. One approach that we are taking and we are taking both these approaches in parallel is to bring forward more potent medicines than 864. That is the VX-634. It’s multifold, more potent, it has better drug-like properties, and it has initiated its Phase I study. And in parallel, we are also advancing VX-864, because we have chronic tox coverage to study this molecule in a longer-term study, and in a longer-term study, we can assess liver clearance of polymer. This goes back to the serum polymer clearance that we saw. So we are looking for liver polymer clearance and the long-term impact on functional AAT. We are driving both of these programs forward in parallel, and I don’t know, maybe around this time next year, we will have the data that we need to assess which molecule or molecules should advance further. So that’s really where we are with the AATD program.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. David, I agree with you on the opportunity in chronic pain in addition to a very substantial opportunity in acute pain. And the reason for the opportunity in chronic pain is two-fold. One is what you indicated around not wanting to use opioids over a chronic period, frankly, not wanting to use opioids even over an acute period. But second, opioids are actually not very good at all in terms of efficacy in the chronic setting and sort of, for example, in neuropathic pain. And I just wanted to close by letting you know that the Phase II dose-ranging study of VX-548 in diabetic neuropathic pain, we will also initiate this quarter. And we have high confidence for this one, not only because of the genetic validation of the target, but because of the pharmacological validation on neuropathic pain with the predecessor molecule VX-150.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Sure. So, two separate questions in there, one about the mRNA program in cystic fibrosis and then about AAT. So let me tackle mRNA in cystic fibrosis first. So the approach here is to use an mRNA inhaled therapy for those 5,000 or so patients who don’t make any CFTR protein and therefore, cannot benefit from CFTR modulators. The IND-enabling studies are complete. The IND will go in this year. And you are right, it is a more complex product than a small molecule. And in the grand scheme of things, we have only been working on nucleic acid therapies and cell therapies for the last, let’s say, five years to eight years, whereas we have been working on small molecules for many decades. That all being said, CF is a very serious life-shortening disease and I do think that all parties invested are motivated to make sure that medicines that could bring benefit to patients rapidly. Of course, we will be able to update you on the progress in future calls, but I am very pleased with the progress and I am pleased to see that we are on track with the IND to go in this year. On the AAT program, we are doing two things in parallel; one is advancing VX-634 into the first-in-human study; and two, studying VX-864 for a longer duration of time. And we are doing this in parallel because we can, that is to say we have sufficient toxicology coverage to study VX-864 over an extended period and I do think you need that extended period to evaluate liver clearance for this mechanism. But in terms of the first -- in humans, you have seen our track record, we tend to move at a good clip, I would say, let’s say, around this time next year or so, we will have the data from our first-in-human studies with 634, we will have our data from the Phase II longer term study and I fully expect more molecules behind 634 to enter the clinic. So I feel really good about where we are, and we are executing on the strategy of serial innovation and having a portfolio approach exactly as I would like in all of our programs, but particularly in AAT.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: Yeah. Jessica, on the new triple combination, the vanzacaftor triple combination, that’s 121-561 tezacaftor, we do project enrollment in that program, both studies in 12 plus will complete before the end of this year. As a reminder, these studies are one year in duration. So we will have all of the dosing complete at some point next year and it does take a little bit of time, but we are pretty quick with closing out the study and having results thereafter. But the important point to know is that’s a one-year treatment duration. With regard to the 864 program and AATD, what are we really trying to accomplish there. Here’s the important thing to keep in mind. With 864, what we saw for the first time ever with a small molecule corrector is increases in functional AAT level. The magnitude of the treatment effect was insufficient for us to move that to Phase III, but that gave us proof of biological activity. The reason we want to study 864 for polymer clearance in the liver is because that post hoc analysis of Phase II showed us a 90% decrease in serum polymer levels, leading us to believe that longer term treatment would indeed lead to clearance of the liver. That’s the hypothesis we are testing there and we are also going to evaluate where the longer-term treatment leads to elevations in functional AAT. If you are asking, is it possible that 864 is a molecule that moves forward into later stages of development based on this longer term treatment? Yes, that’s possible. Is it possible that VX-634 is the molecule we select because it’s more potent and has better drug-like properties? Yes, that’s possible. And that’s why we are running both these programs in parallel. Ultimately, maybe the most important thing to take away is that the small molecule approach to this disease AATD is the only approach that holds the potential to treat both the liver and lung manifestations of this disease, and this pathway that we have drawn out allows us to assess both of those in parallel.
Dr. Reshma Kewalramani: There are two questions in there, one on CF and one on DMD. Let me take the DMD question first. So to give everyone a little bit of a quick backgrounder, recall that our approach to DMD is different than most of the approaches out there, which focus on microdystrophin. Our approach is an in vivo gene editing approach that is centered on exon skipping and producing full length, if not near full length dystrophin. And the reason we believe in this approach is because of the human genetics that we see. So for example, Becker’s muscular dystrophy where patients have near full length dystrophin, that disease is a much, much milder form of DMD. The microdystrophin approach simply doesn’t have that kind of human genetics behind it. I am really pleased with the progress of the program. We are in our IND enabling studies now. We expect to finish those up and file our IND next year. There was a question in there about when you could expect data really a little bit too early to call, but I would think about this program in that cell and gene space, so with a reasonably small number of patients over a reasonable amount of time, very similar to CTX001, very similar to the type 1 diabetes program, we are going to know where we are. On the CF business, we have talked about this many times in the past. TRIKAFTA has set an enormously high bar. It can treat up to 90% of patients with this disease. We have already advanced the next program. This is the vanzacaftor program. It’s going to complete Phase III enrollment this year. If it is possible -- and it is a tall order, but if it is possible to be better than TRIKAFTA, the vanzacaftor triple program holds that potential. It has better chloride transport than TRIKAFTA in our human bronchial epithelial assays and in Phase II studies. We have to do some cross-study comparisons. But in Phase II studies, it looks like it is potentially even better than TRIKAFTA. And we are now on the brink of bringing the mRNA therapy for the first time having a therapy for the last 5,000 patients with CF. We have never had more patients benefit from our CFTR modulators and we have never been in this position of being right on the cup of having something for all patients. I like our hand and I am looking forward to sharing more data.
