Jeff Leiden: Thank you, Michael. Good evening. I had the opportunity to speak with many investors at the JPMorgan Conference earlier this month. What I spoke about then and what I’d like to reiterate is that during the last two years, Vertex has undergone a rapid and profound evolution. We launched two transformative medicines at that time; one for people with hepatitis C and one for patients with cystic fibrosis.  The successful launch of these medicines allowed us to significantly strengthen our financial position over this period. We finished 2012 with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and equivalents. During the same period we also progressed multiple potential transformative medicines into late stage development and we are now poised to expand our presence in the importance of these areas of hepatitis c and CF. Our evolution has positioned us with the future with a clear focus; using innovative science to develop new transformative medicines for people with serious diseases in specialty markets. Let me now take a moment to discuss the four strategic priorities that we believe will enable us to achieve this goal. Priority one, we are focusing investment on key development programs on cystic fibrosis, hepatitis c and autoimmune diseases. In cystic fibrosis, Vertex has a long term strategy just to provide benefit to as many CF patients as possible and to maximize the benefit for these patients with our approved and investigational medicines. KALYDECO has already approved for people with the G551 D mutation and CFTR gene. There are approximately 2000 such patients worldwide age six and older that we hope to treat. In 2013, we are conducting multiple Phase 3 and other proof of concept label expansion studies of Ivacaftor monotherapy. Ivacaftor is the generic name for KALYDECO. If successful, these studies would allow us to treat up to 7000 patients worldwide with Ivacaftor. We also expect to initiate a pivotal phase 3 development program this quarter for combination regimen of VX-809 and Ivacaftor and people with CF who have two copies of the Delta F508 mutation. These patients represented approximately 50% of the worldwide CF population or about 35,000 people. In hepatitis c, our long term strategy is to develop simple all-oral regimens with durations of 12 weeks or less that provide a high viral cure rate. In 2013, we plan to conduct multiple phase 2 studies of 12 week all-oral treatment regimens that include our nucleotide analog VX-135. Our goal is to generate both safety and viral cure data in the second half of 2013 to support the start of pivotal development of one or more all-oral regimens in 2014. In autoimmune diseases, our strategy is to maximize the value of our JAK3 inhibitor VX-509 across multiple autoimmune diseases globally. We continue to progress our phase 2 B study of VX-509 in people with rheumatoid arthritis and we have initiated a small phase 2 MRI study in RA as well and we expect data later this year. To broaden and accelerate the global development of VX-509, we will evaluate collaborative opportunities that could provide both funding and capabilities. Priority number two, we will continue to invest in innovative research programs to support development of new specialty medicine for serious diseases. Vertex’s research efforts are concentrated on additional advancements in CF and other genetic diseases, such as Huntington disease as well as serious diseases in specialty market such as progressive multiple sclerosis and cancer. Innovative research is what creates our transformative medicines and we will continue to support these productive efforts. Priority three, we plan to maximize revenues and cash flow from our marketed products INCIVEK and KALYDECO. In particular we see the potential for increase uptake of KALYDECO for patients in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. And finally priority four, maintaining our financial strength to support future long term growth and shareholder return. Ian will discuss this in a few moments. There are important milestones in 2013 that will allow both you and us to measure our business progress. We described these milestones to you on January 7th and are showing here again on slide 7. In many ways these milestones position us to provide more certainty around the market opportunities for our clinical stage medicines throughout 2013. In summary, as we enter 2013 we are executing on a clear strategy and set of goals and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress throughout the year. I will now turn it over to Peter.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks Mark. I’ll have Bob answer the first question and as you talked about investor expectations, always want to set expectations, but I will take the second question.
Jeff Leiden: And Mark to your second question, so the VX-661 study in combination with KALYDECO or Ivacaftor is it is a different study design than the VX-809 and Ivacaftor study and so give me an opportunity just to describe the study design with them, in terms of what that means of (inaudible). It is a dose escalation study, so low-dose monotherapy moves into that low-dose combination therapy and then as you move through that you move into higher doses monotherapy and then in combination therapy. It is sequential dose escalating study. We are moving through it, as Bob mentioned earlier and we would anticipate in the first half of this year providing you a topline result of that FEV, sweat chloride and safety and so we look forward to providing that data at a later point in time.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, so with France, I will say the discussions are ongoing, and our next important time point with them is likely to be around February, is when they said that they would get back to us and they have been public about that being the date when they would kind of next have reached a decision. In Italy, Italy really isn’t a major market for patients with G551D. So, I won’t comment more on that and in Germany, the product is available currently and is reimbursed and we’re in discussions as is the normal cost of things in Germany to establish the kind of ongoing price that the product will be reimbursed at. Those discussions are ongoing. Again tough to predict exactly when they’ll come to a conclusion. So, I wish I could be more precise but just the nature of these things is that they are difficult to predict in any event. I think they are particularly difficult when you’re dealing with such a breakthrough medicine where they have a real desire to try and get them available for their patient and so it’s just tough be to be most specific, I’m afraid. 
Jeff Leiden: Yaron, this is Jeff. Maybe one comment on Germany just to make sure that you are thinking of it the way we are, Stuart said we are reimbursed at this point in the final pricing discussions but during that first year when those negotiations were going on, there is not full uptake nor do we expect full and rapid uptake in Germany. There tends to be a much slower uptake until formal reimbursement is obtained and so just want to make sure that you are thinking of Germany as something that clearly is not fully penetrated at this point and will continue to grow when and if we get reimbursements.
Jeff Leiden: And Matt, as we have said before, this isn’t only about an increased overall dose. This is Jeff. Importantly the BID dose potentially changes both D-Min and C-Max (ph) and we are learning a lot of what the effects of C-Min and C-Max (ph) may be on efficacy as well. So as Bob said it’s more complicated than simply a higher dose. It’s really how that dose is distributed and what exposures are both at C-Min and C-Max (ph) and that’s why it was so important to confirm the PK/PD model.
Jeff Leiden: Yes, I think we've talked about this once before, but clearly, the primary end points that we're interested in are the antiviral effect, measured by virus excretion and also clinical symptomatology, as well as the safety of the molecules. I think those are the three key pieces that you'll be looking for.
Jeff Leiden: Yes Brian, this is Jeff, I'll take the VX-135 question. I think you remember that we said probably five, six months ago now that our strategy is to find the best combination of all our medicines for patients with HCV, both by combining VX-135 as a backbone with our own medicines but also potentially with those of others and of course that led to the collaborations with J&J and GSK, which we're very pleased with, with respect to additional assets, if we found an asset that we thought added significant value to VX-135 we'd be open to combining with that as well.
Jeff Leiden: Yes. Thanks Michael. I think as you heard tonight, we feel that we’re very well positioned as we go into 2013. We have strong financial position, we have two products that are performing well and we expect to continue to perform well and we have a late stage pipeline that's advancing going nicely with the number of milestones coming up through the year that will allow us and you to judge our progress. So we look forward to updating you as we get those milestones and we’re looking forward to 2013. Thanks. 
Peter Mueller: Thank you Jeff and good evening everyone. My comments this evening will focus on the priority development areas that we have identified for investment in 2013 those of cystic fibrosis, all-oral hepatitis C therapies, and autoimmune diseases. Beginning with cystic fibrosis, we are pleased that both KALYDECO and the VX-809 plus Ivacaftor combination regimen received breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA. While the specific implications of this new designation are not yet clear, we are committed to working with regulators to explore novel and potentially more rapid development strategies for both the KALYDECO label expansion and VX-809 plus Ivacaftor combination regimens. Finding the outcome of our discussions, we hope that this will enable us to reach more patients as soon as possible. Currently, we are working toward agreement with regulators on phase 3 trails signs for our combination regimen to treat CF patients, homozygous for the Delta-F508 CFTR mutation. We expect to complete these discussions and initiate a phase 3 program this quarter. As for the KALYDECO label expansion studies, all of these trials are currently ongoing and we anticipate having the first data from these trials in the second half of 2013. Vertex expects to discuss with the FFDA and European Regularity Authorities any potential implications of breakthrough therapy designation on the timing and content of regulatory submissions in the U.S. and EMEA to support the expansion of the KALYDECO label. Also in CF we are on track to report data from the VX-661 plus Ivacaftor Phase 2 combination study in 508 homozygous patients. We plan to report safety and efficacy data from this trial including FEV 1 and sweat chloride on each of four cohorts in the first half of this year. Turning now to hepatitis C, in the first half of 2013 we expect to get three 12 week Phase 2 studies underway, VF 135 in combination with ribavirin, VX-135 in combination with GSK's NS5A inhibitor GSK 805 and VX-135 in combination with the protease inhibitor TMC 435. We expect to have 12 week safety and first SVR data from these regimens in the second half of 2013 and our goal is to choose one or more regimens to move into pivotal development in 2014. Now moving to our immune diseases and our selective check 3 inhibitor VX 509. We expect to have data from the Phase 2B study in rheumatoid arthritis in the second half of 2013. Additionally we recently initiated a 40 patient MRI study to evaluate the potential for VX-509 to improve joint health and structure in rheumatoid arthritis patients. We also expect results from this trial in the second half of 2013. Finally I note that we are in the process of analyzing and reviewing the VX 787 data from our Phase 2 challenge study in influenza and we expect to report the results in the coming weeks. In summary, our clinical pipeline is advancing its plans and I really look forward to updating you as we progress, I will now turn over to Stuart.
Peter Mueller: The only comment I want to make on top of that is, it is a different set of patients in the monotherapy versus in the combo and it's not like what it was in 809. So there's no lead in phase or any of those things going on. 
Peter Mueller: Yes, so in terms of the value of 661 and our decision to move it forward, the study part A would basically give us enough confidence to make a decision whether we move forward or not. I want to just reiterate at one point in time, there is another discussion any longer whether we exchange 809 to 661. 661 is a separate molecule and if we decide so has a different base for future regimens like combination regimen with auto correctors and 809 is basically on its own on a fast track moving forward.
Peter Mueller: And in terms of the heterozygous, I think those two comments will be made number one. I think we anticipate that we have basically include some heterozygous in our Phase 3 program from a safety point of view. So we will explore basically the combination there. And the other thing is, as we go forward with the dual corrector and other programs, that basically the main route that we try to explore value for patients of that category.
Peter Mueller: So the breakthrough designation has two components. One is for KALYDECO and the label expansion intent that we have, which covers basically those populations that you have mentioned. We will know when we know what we discussed with the agency in terms of breakthrough, at what point in time we have a submission criteria and then we will also see what data we will release at what point and time. But that’s still ongoing discussions and therefore it’s hard to predict.
Stuart Arbuckle: Good evening everyone. Tonight I'd like to give you some background on our performance with INCIVEK and KALYDECO in 2012 and what we foresee as we head into 2013. In hepatitis C, we remain the market leader with approximately three out of four new patients in the U.S. initiating therapy with INCIVEK, a measure unchanged since launch. As we've said previously, in 2012 we saw treatment rates change in anticipation of the potential for new more convenient regimens that may treat hepatitis C. This led to a reduced number of HCV patients initiating treatment, beginning in the second quarter and continuing through the, rest of 2012. As a result of these dynamics INCIVEK revenues in 2012 were $1.16 billion, with $223 million of revenues in the fourth quarter. In 2013 we anticipate maintaining our market leading position. However, we do expect a further decline in patients initiating treatment. We expect continued demand for INCIVEK for motivated patients who don’t want to wait for treatment, as well as patients who are too advanced with their disease and can't wait for treatment. Therefore we expect INCIVEK will continue to be an important revenue contributor to our total revenues in 2013. In the EU and other areas outside the U.S., the use of INCIVO to treat hepatitis C patients increased in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter 2012, resulting in an increased royalty to Vertex. INCIVO is now available in 40 countries, and we expect modest growth in the INCIVO royalty in 2013, resulting from the expansion of INCIVO into new geographies and a slow anticipated rate of patient warehousing in advance of potential new therapies compared to that in the U.S. Now turning to KALYDECO; we achieved a $172 million in revenues for KALYDECO in 2012 following the U.S. launch in February. Specifically in Q4, total revenues were $58.6 million, with a majority of those revenues derived from the U.S. We are treating the vast majority of G551D patients aged six and older in the U.S. and we expect to maintain the level of our current U.S. quarterly revenues. We anticipate growth of KALYDECO in 2013 will come from Europe, beginning in the second quarter as a result of the previously announced access and reimbursement decisions from Scotland and England. Reimbursement discussions are progressing well in the other markets, and we expect to have completed them across the major EU markets, that is the UK, Ireland, Germany and France in 2013. Combined, these markets represent approximately 80% of the G551D population in Europe. In summary, I am pleased with the performance of the commercial organization in 2012 and as we begin 2013, we have two important medicines for patients that contribute significant revenues for our company.  With that I will turn it over to Ian.
Stuart Arbuckle: Sure Geoff. It’s Stuart. So, I have to say we are pleased with the speed with which the discussions have gone and frankly I’m delighted that, already we are able to come to a satisfactory and positive conclusion with England and as we said, we’re expecting that to really pick up from Q2. As you’ll know, in Scotland they created a special orphan drug fund and have said that all patients with G551D mutation in Scotland will be eligible for that fund which begins in March. And all I can really tell you about the other discussions is that they are very active. They are ongoing, they are very productive. Nobody has any doubts about the clinical benefit that KALYDECO brings and we’re working as quickly as we can to bring them to a successful conclusion across the major markets in Europe. In terms of Australia, we filed and we’re hopeful that we’ll see an approval but the product this year, as you know the process for reimbursement in Australia is as rigorous and lengthy as anywhere else the rest of the world and I wouldn’t necessarily be optimistic that we’ll be able to conclude that within 2013.
Stuart Arbuckle: On the question on Germany, so yes Germany has essentially a two-step process. So products are reimbursed almost immediately following their approval and yes we are recording commercial sales in Germany already. And then in parallel to the product being available as is the standard part of the process in Germany, you then negotiate the price that the product will be reimbursed at on an ongoing basis. So, we are in that kind of path of that second part of the process currently. And then on the combo data, I'll pass that off to Ian to answer.
Stuart Arbuckle: And on Ireland, I guess the first thing I would say is whilst the past is not necessarily a perfect predictor of the future, I would say the success we have already had with gaining access and reimbursement for KALYDECO gives me a lot of confidence that we’ll reach a successful conclusion in Ireland and in addition to that, as I say, the discussions are ongoing, they are going well. There is clearly a high level of unmet need in Ireland. It has the highest incidents of G551D mutation in the world and so there is a desire on both sides to reach an amicable solution and I am optimistic that we will do so.
Stuart Arbuckle: Sure, yeah. Just to set expectations, these reimbursement type discussions have a number of phases. There usually an evaluation of clinical benefit. That’s always been unanimously positive for KALYDECO. Then there is often an assessment, sort of from a cost effectiveness point of view and then you get into, on a little substantive discussion about the data and the discussions on price. All I’ll say is that those discussions continue. They are ongoing. This is all part of the process. These things aren’t linear. You get these kinds of tos and froes and as I say I remain optimistic that we will reach a successful conclusion in Ireland and exactly when that is, I can’t say but I remain optimistic.
Bob Kauffman: So Jeff, this is Bob. I will take the first part of the question and if you remember the Cohort 3 was designed really to provide PK/PD data to fit into our PK/PD model as well as safety data at the dose level of 400 mg BID. Data has been provided to the FDA along with our plan for the phase 3 program and yes we’re in active discussions with them at this point to finalize that program and obviously we will provide further feedback once we get that information.
Bob Kauffman: With respect to 661, yes the study is well along and recruited and we are waiting for the data to come in and as we said before, we will be providing for that study in the first half of the year.
Bob Kauffman: This is a Bob. I’ll maybe take the last part first. Yes, obviously we have breakthrough designation although we are working with the FDA now to determine exactly what impact that will have on those programs and with respect to the review time, I can’t really give you any further update at this point. Those discussions are ongoing. The studies are moving along very well. Particularly the mutations, other gating mutations aside from G551D is fully enrolled and moving along, R117H doing very well as well, and the N1 (ph) study again also doing well. So, no issues with recruitment.
Bob Kauffman: And Geoff, let me just add in to Stuart’s comment with in my prepared remarks, how this translates to revenue expectation in 2013, I do want reiterate that we anticipate in Q1 the KALYDECO revenues to be similar to that of Q4 2012 and based on Stuart’s outlining of the timing of approval for reimbursements in these markets and specifically those four major markets in Europe, we would anticipate growth starting to be seen the second quarter of 2013.
Bob Kauffman: So for the first one, we’ve submitted data to them and we’re in discussions; I can’t comment on the nature of those discussions, but obviously in every case they will be looking at the data we sent in to verify for themselves that they believe the risk benefit is favorable for the inclusion of that dose and I think we’ll see how that goes.
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. I'll take the first and the third and I'll leave the middle for Ian. So in terms of the 809-770 combo trial, no, we don't see any sticking points here and I think the only thing I’ll say about some of the other points you mentioned is that obviously we have breakthrough status for this program as well, and clearly the discussions we're having with the FDA may be colored by the discussions regarding breakthrough status and what impact that might have on the study. Right now I just don't have anything to report about that so I think I'll just have to leave it that way. And for the third point about the 135 and ribavirin, yes the study is, we have a clear way forward to begin that trial. We have been asked to go slowly with some exploratory number of patients, initially with very careful monitoring. We’ve included the monitoring in the protocol and we're about to get that underway. The exact patients numbers yes, I know what's listed there, we'll be going a little bit slowly to begin with and then we expect that that will accelerate once we have some initial data and we are quite cognizant of the need for safety data in that program to progress into Phase 3 and so we’ll be looking at that very carefully as we go along.
Bob Kauffman: So in terms of Cohort 3, we have a PK/PD model for the combination and really what we are looking for is consistency with the model and we always look for whether we are getting more bank for the bug with higher doses and that’s really part of the assessment. And actually I would say that is the same philosophy regarding the stopping criteria in the 661 trial. Again, we always look for PK/PD relationship, whether we are getting plateauing of the PK and PD responses and obviously safety factors into the decision about whether they continue to dose escalate or not. So it’s just a combination of things. It’s pretty hard to give a hard and fast rule.
Bob Kauffman: Lisa, it’s something that sometimes happens and recite a discussions with investors that ask me about this expectation, it helps to frame the market for people. It’s not always clearly understood but approximately 80% of the G551D patients in Europe are actually in France, Germany and UK and Ireland and then 80% of that 80% is actually in UK and Ireland. So, as you try and triangulate the timing in let’s say the revenues, that might give you a little more understanding but to this point, we’re engaged in discussions with all those countries. 
Bob Kauffman: Well, in terms of revenue from England and Scotland, Scotland they’ve set aside a separate fund. In England they’ve agreed to reimburse it. We expect to see commercial sales in England from Q2 and the Scottish fund is supposedly open from March 1st. So really as Ian said, we were expecting Q1 to be similar to Q4 and then Q2 is when we’d expect the growth really to pick as patients get broader access and reimbursement in those major markets like England and Scotland. 
Bob Kauffman: This is Bob. Maybe I will do the second one first and the team has made a decision about the dose escalation all the way through the trial and that who is empowered to do that. That’s all I can really say about that one. In terms of the 809-770 combo trial, I really can’t comment on durations at this point. I think that’s still a topic of discussion. Again, largely and part of our breakthrough designation discussion with FDA. All the endpoints that you measured are certainly ones that are interest to us. They all are very important ones and they are all going to be included in the trial but the durations I think are not at all settled at this point.
Bob Kauffman: So to answer the first part of your question, it’s just a complicated equation about how one factors in all the pieces here. Remember that the Cohort is relatively small. The PK/PD data tend to be more powerful than just estimates of the effects that are seen in the small study and we are really looking for consistency within RO (ph) and that will determine whether we go forward or not. Clearly the safety piece of it was also a factor and all that was provided to FDA and we are looking forward to completing those discussions. 
Bob Kauffman: Okay so let’s see, I’ll take the last one first and yes that as part of our standard battery of testing we always do cardiovascular evaluations and they were satisfactory to move the molecules forward. For 661, it’s an ongoing study and I just can’t really comment on the findings or where the criteria for stopping or not stopping in that trial. When we report the results you will really see how we came out. And in terms of an 809 monotherapy arm, again I’m not able to comment on that until we complete our discussions with the FDA.
Bob Kauffman: And Howard, to the second part of your question of when you could that see KALYDECO monotherapy data and the other mutations we have guided to the second half of this year, we anticipate to start seeing data from those studies.
Bob Kauffman: So for VX-135, we are looking at a relatively small number of patients in that initial cohort and then an expansion, once we receive those data and we expect that that will occur relatively quickly to allow us to expand. That is in the first of the trial, the ribavirin 135 trial. As you know we are also initiating trials with the GSK and the TMC molecules, and those will be following the initiation of the ribavirin trial.
Bob Kauffman: Yes, in the order of 20 or so. And then, Katherine, on price; I’m obviously not going to talk to the specifics of the pricing discussions that we are having in Europe but what I will say is that obviously we view KALYDECO as a breakthrough medicine and we have priced it as such for the value it brings to patients and we believe we know from clinical trials, it brings the same value to patients in the EU as it does in the U.S and we going to be and are defending that value in our ongoing discussions with reimbursement authorities.
Bob Kauffman: If we progress forward, and we’ve been very clear about our priorities for investment in 2013 and if we haven’t, I’ll take the opportunity to say cystic fibrosis, Hepatitis C, all-oral therapies, and autoimmune diseases. Therefore, that does exclude investment towards flu. We’re still waiting on the data. If the data is good and signals a progression forward, then would use maybe collaborations or external monies to fund the next steps of development for the flu molecule. 
Ian Smith: And on KALYDECO, Rachel, yes the majority of the growth between Q4 and Q3 was a result of Europe as we said on the Q3 call. Back then we had already had the vast majority of G551D patients in the U.S. who were already being treated. We added a few through Q4 as they rolled off some of the long terms extension studies and things like that. But the vast majority of the growth Q4 was due to Europe.
Ian Smith: Yes, and Yaron, thanks for the question. Again it gives us chance to continue to clarify and to expect this data disclosure. So, as we said in the past, we’re currently in discussions with the FDA regarding the protocol design for our Phase-3 with Ivacaftor combination with 809 and that discussion is now under the umbrella of breakthrough designation. So we’re still engaged in those discussions. Once those conclude and we have a clear line of sight for that Phase 3 protocol, we will find out whether the 400 BID dosing of 809 is included as they dose on in Phase 3. Consistent with that disclosure we will provide the basis for the inclusion in the Phase 3 protocol, or as non-inclusion and so that's the point we would expect. Now the basis for that disclosure would be based on the basis that we find that it is included or not included within that protocol, and so we look forward to clarifying all of that in the first quarter. As we've announced we expect to initiate this Phase 3 study in the first quarter of this year.
Ian Smith: Yes, and just on KALYDECO in the U.S., frankly there's very, very, very few patients on the sidelines. The vast majority have been exposed to KALYDECO at some point in time. In terms of compliance is there an opportunity to increase that? Possibly, but actually the compliance rates are remarkably high, much higher than we would see with virtually any product I've come across in 26 years doing this. So there may be some marginal increases we can get, but they really are on the margin, which is why we say that kind of net, net, we're expecting to maintain the quarterly revenues we're seeing here in the U.S. in Q4 as we move into 2013.
