Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. Financially, 2012 is proceeding as we expected. And we have demonstrated that we now have a significant revenue base, one that is both diverse and has multiple sources. These revenues enable investment in our pipeline while also generating significant earnings.  Now to the financials. In the first quarter of 2012, total revenues were approximately $439 million compared to approximately $74 million in the same quarter of last year. The key components of these revenues are as follows: Firstly, we reported approximately $357 million INCIVEK net product revenues, which were affected by a reduction of approximately $22 million in inventory levels by wholesalers between December 31, 2011, and March 31, 2012. The current wholesale inventory level for INCIVEK at the end of the quarter is now approximately 2.5 weeks. In recent months and early April, we observed a steady flow of patients beginning treatment with INCIVEK. Secondly, we recorded $18 million of net product revenues for KALYDECO, which reflected the first 2 months of sales. As Jeff mentioned, approximately 600 people with CF have now started treatment with KALYDECO since the approval in late January. This reflects the strong patient demand, the connectivity of the CF community and the broad awareness of the importance of KALYDECO for these patients. We expect this revenue stream to grow as more people start to maintain treatment with KALYDECO. Later this year, we expect approval in Europe and this will add to this revenue growth. The strength of the launch in the U.S. and potential future European approval put us in a position to quickly build a significant and sustainable long term revenue base from KALYDECO. Thirdly, $39 million of royalty revenues, including $33 million of INCIVO royalty from J&J. This is a very important and growing revenue stream for the company and contributes significantly to the bottom line. It reflects the fact that we start to see leadership extends beyond the U.S. and into Europe and other countries. INCIVO is now available in more than 15 countries worldwide and more launches are planned this year by our collaborator. We expect our INCIVO royalties will grow significantly in 2012 given the early stage of launch in these European countries and other markets.  And finally, collaborative revenues of $24 million, a portion of these revenues provide funding for R&D activities where we have relationships in the areas of hepatitis C and cystic fibrosis. As total revenue resulted in the GAAP net income attributable to Vertex of approximately $92 million in the first quarter of 2012 or approximately $0.43 per diluted share, which includes stock compensation charge of $28 million. For the first quarter of 2012, our non-GAAP net income attributable to Vertex was approximately $119 million or $0.55 per diluted share.  On the basis of $439 million of total revenues this quarter, our non-GAAP income from operations represent an operating margin of approximately 28%, and we expect this operating margin to grow significantly during the rest of 2012. We anticipate the growth of our operating margin to be driven by increases in total revenues and continued cost control over the top total operating expenses. The operating margin is an important financial measure that is consistent with our business model.  In summary, we continue to see steady demand for INCIVEK. We are seeing significant and growing revenues from INCIVO royalties and we now have the first revenues for KALYDECO. Taken together, we are well positioned to advance our pipeline while generating significant earnings and adding to our current cash position of approximately $1 billion.  Thank you. And, Michael, back to you.
Ian F. Smith: Okay, thanks for the question, Aleks, it's Ian. Just to confirm that the net sales that are recorded for KALYDECO for the first quarter are actually -- they're representing the sales to the patient. There is no significant inventory stocking that occurs with KALYDECO.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks for that question, Gloria. We actually reiterated our guidance in our press release this evening, the guidance for the full year that we provided on February 2, that reiteration of guidance is a reflection of our experience this year with INCIVEK. January sales, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, were affected by a drawdown of inventory of around $22 million. But for February, March and April, we saw a steady trend of scripts and billing, based on all of this, plus we did provide a 7% price increase effective April 1. We remain comfortable with our guidance for the remainder of the year.
Ian F. Smith: So Rachel, I'll take the first piece with the disclosure question. As we said in our proposed remarks, we expect the first data from the Alios nucs to be available in the second quarter of this year and then I'll refer to Nancy for the remainder of your question.
Ian F. Smith: It is from the countries that Nancy is referring to, to the launch, Howard. However, as you can imagine, it's really at the first stages of the launch. I made the comments in my prepared remarks that we do anticipate a growth from the royalty stream and that's because as they gain critical mass in each of the countries that should drive an increased royalty to us on a quarterly basis.
Ian F. Smith: So just as a statement, the gross to net, first on INCIVEK, it actually did move up slightly in the first quarter, so the net revenues were affected by that. It moved from approximately 13% in our fourth quarter to 16% in this first quarter. We would anticipate that, that 16% around there will be maintained for the rest of the year. We've now completed the majority of our contracting process. On KALYDECO, we're still getting the better understanding of that margin or the net of the discount. It's early on in the launch so we're still setting up our contracting. For this quarter though, it was mid-single digits, maybe slightly above that, and we do expect that to increase slightly. And the -- oh sorry, the inventory question. Yes, so the inventory did reduce from December 31 to March 31 for INCIVEK inventory holding by approximately $22 million. So of course, that affects the revenues that we would accrue in the first quarter. As it affects going forward, we ended the first quarter with approximately 2.5 weeks of inventory, so that's a pretty low level of inventory. So as we go forward we're not sure where it will go, but it shouldn't have a significant impact as we move forward given that the drawdown has pushed the inventory levels to a low of 2.5 weeks.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. And David, just as I mentioned, a gross to net adjustment for KALYDECO earlier on this call, it's approximately 6%. That includes a lot of the patient support. So as you can see, there's not a significant discount on the gross to net due to patient support programs.
Ian F. Smith: At this time, we can't really prescribe the press release that we'll be putting out. What I could say is that when we have the data and we're in a position to release it, we'll provide you with the top line data from that study. But I can't go beyond that to this point in time because we don't know how we'll be providing it.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. I mean, my comment is that towards the INCIVO royalty. We don't comment on J&J's pricing decisions. But the royalties, it's a significant royalty stream, as you can see in the first quarter, and that's just at the first part of this launch. So we anticipate that, that will growth and the majority of that royalty goes straight to our bottom line. So it's a very healthy cash flow for us given the scale of the European market and also the lead position that INCIVO seems to be in early on in the launch.
Ian F. Smith: So we do have a royalty payment to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation on the KALYDECO revenue stream. It's an escalating royalty that starts in kind of mid to high single digits and goes into preteens royalty once the product gets significant scale.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And Aleks, to the second half of your question, as you noted, we were very pleased that we have approximately 600 patients who are taking KALYDECO right now. We expect that there are approximately 100 patients in the U.S. on the PERSIST trial, and sometime between late second or early third quarter, in the beginning of next year, those patients will be completing that trial, and rolling over on to commercial supply.
Nancy J. Wysenski: I think that the general mechanics of reimbursement in Europe differ significantly from the U.S. in that you essentially have government-sponsored systems, so it's pretty much a one-payer system in the major countries and particularly the 4 driving countries that we'll be launching into for the G551D mutation. We really don't have insight into, in the U.S. or in Europe, how many plans will be asking to validate or if those that are, how they're going about that, I'm sorry.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And maybe to add to that, Gloria, this is Nancy. On the demand side, we've had a real steady stream of new RXs since the beginning of this year. If you look at your IMS data, you'll see that there have been between 850 and 1,000 prescriptions generated weekly, and that's been in a pretty tight range there. Just to add confidence to the information that we have related to sales to date, in visiting what several thought leaders, well more than several, last week at EASL, it's clear that there continued to be a good number of patients who are coming in to practices, who are requesting and need treatment for their hepatitis C, and based upon the information we have at this point in time, we continue to be confident that patients will be seeking treatment.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Sure. On the KALYDECO question, again, we're really pleased with the fact that we've got approximately 600 patients on drug. Because we're only promoting KALYDECO in the G551D patients who are over 6 years of age and those are the only patients that we interact with in the support of our patient support system, in helping them with reimbursement, we can't really speculate about any off label usage, we don't have insight into that. Moving along to the price increases, I'm sure you're aware, Rachel, we can't give you a specific number. But at any point, in a manufacturer's or in a product's life, when we take a price increase, not all of that drops to the bottom line because of agreements that you have with both, some commercial, as well as government payers.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, Howard. This is Nancy. You're right. We think about 1,000 G551D patients in the U.S., but we have to keep in mind that as we don't yet have an the indication for those who are under 6 years of age, that does remove a small subset. So we're pleased and we believe that we have already reached a majority point of the appropriate potential patients.
Nancy J. Wysenski: INCIVO has been launched in more than a dozen countries in Europe, additionally in Canada. I don't know if you're looking for a list of those, but all the major countries in Europe, and they have already achieved the -- a dominant market share.
Nancy J. Wysenski: Yes, Jason, as you might expect, every launch is unique. You typically start out with a really strong show when you've got a great product like KALYDECO and we're delighted that, that is exactly what is happening here. I can't really tell you. We'd all be speculating about where we'll be by a certain point in time or how many patients we'll have under treatment, but we're delighted with the fact that we've already gotten a majority of patients only 3 months into the launch and we know that there are another 100 imminent.
Nancy J. Wysenski: The 600 patients are as of last week, so in through the majority of April. And, no, I think the last number we've used is more than 35,000 patients on INCIVEK, but we don't have plans to update that number.
Nancy J. Wysenski: I actually don't have those data. You may also recall that this launch came 3 months earlier than anticipated and everyone's moving at a pretty rapid clip here. So I can tell you that we have gotten prescriptions from all the major centers and in fact, from a majority of centers generally.
Nancy J. Wysenski: That's a great question, Matthew. And of course, speaking for Peter and Bob, we never know exactly what a label will read like until it's granted. But clearly, with the data that were involved in the U.S. label and how things are progressing in Europe, we feel confident that there will be significant information and that, that will enable us to approach the appropriate authorities in the 4 major countries, where 80% of the patients exist.
Nancy J. Wysenski: And the question related to warehousing, this is something we talked quite a bit about during our fourth quarter call and we had done some fairly extensive research looking into this. So although we're delighted and that we are also participating in the development of potential all-oral therapies, at this point, we don't have any data to suggest that there is additional secondary warehousing beyond what goes on all the time as physicians triage patients into appropriate therapies.
Nancy J. Wysenski: So David, that's a great question. And no, we have no -- we don't have any of our support programs extended to patients beyond the G551D 6 and over indication in our label.
Nancy J. Wysenski: On the INCIVEK split, Katherine, we continue to see a majority of the patients coming in to the naive descriptor, about 70%. And Ian, do you want to comment on pricing in Europe? That's totally out of our control, as you know, and it's decided by Johnson & Johnson.
Nancy J. Wysenski: I guess, Katherine, that's a really hard question to answer because the launch is so young, and in an orphan disease state, one typically expects that it might take as long as 2 to 3 months to receive reimbursement once the paperwork is put into place. So we're delighted that it's going as fast as it is and that the majority of patients have already received reimbursement, but of course, there are others who are still waiting and we believe that's probably part of why we're seeing a high ratio of commercial pays because typically, the commercial plans make quicker reimbursement decisions.
Peter R. Mueller: Aleks, the ongoing trial is sort of a second cohort out of a longer existing exploratory Phase II setting. And basically, what we are looking into is predominantly safety and tolerability, that's number one. Then we look at a bunch of parameters, like sweat chloride and FEV and everything else. And then out of the combination of all of those, we will make a decision how we move forward.
Peter R. Mueller: Well, Terry, with respect to the regulatory pass, we have submitted in time the MAA and our process is well on track. And as we said in our earlier, we will not comment on particulars on the regulatory path and we still are believing and are optimistically believing that we will be approved in third quarter of this year.
Peter R. Mueller: And Gloria, just to the other piece of our operating guidance, which is the operating expenses, we have an understanding and a controllable aspect of those operating expenses and based on that and the trajectory that we see for the rest of this year, we remain comfortable with the guidance we set earlier this year.
Peter R. Mueller: John, that's actually a very good question. So here's Peter and the answer to that is, there is a differentiation between the 2 molecules and so 661, yes, has the same mechanism of action. It acts as the same type of corrector, but it has a different distribution profile as we have stated in earlier days. And what that could do is, it could give you an opportunity, because of higher exposure potentially in the lung to go with a lower dose regimen and a smaller pill burden and all those type of things in patient populations. If it materializes, based on data we will make a decision how we compared it to molecules, to each other and then go forward. I think it's too early to say something because those studies are ongoing and we have no data to make a decision at that point in time.
Peter R. Mueller: No, there's no intention to have a 3-drug regimen. So even the similarity from a mechanism point of view, they bind basically at the same binding site in a way. There's no other additivity expected.
Peter R. Mueller: The first question was how fast can you move on the Alios. I think the first thing is we have to go in Phase II. We are currently in viral kinetic studies which is in Ib, and this will happen in the second half of this year. Shortly after, we have thought [ph] available. So I think we are preparing for that and then moving hopefully, one or several, depending on data outcome, regimens into a Phase II setting. And then basically from there, so it's not a question of Phase III, it's a question of pivotal drugs in general and you have to develop a development strategy basically that takes care of it. The only thing we have said is, which I will now reiterate is, we have a change with our regimens to basically come by the end of 2014 to the first submission for regulatory approval in an all-oral setting, whatever that setting might be.
Peter R. Mueller: Well, Liisa, that's Peter again. I think it's not the one or the other. You have to look at the overall pattern that you basically get in those exploratory trials, which is a smaller number of patients to make a decision. Obviously, from a therapeutic point of view, FEV is the one that is accepted by regulatory agencies and that has the major impact and so if you don't see anything in FEV, that's never a good thing.
Peter R. Mueller: Liisa, that's a good question. I think there is many different aspects that you have to consider in our HCV strategy. Given the fact that we believe, and I think are more and more sure that, that different patient populations might benefit from different regimens and that there is not a one size fits all regimen. And that will drive sort of how we basically go forward. The nice thing in the Vertex world, outside of having INCIVEK being the leading drug, is that we basically have a plethora of molecules that we can combine in many different forms and fashions. And there's not just a one regimen that we are looking into, and that's driven by patient populations that we select that we go forward. So I think we have here a very good opportunity. And so this is what it is. And then obviously, we will not stop here. We constantly also are looking for other opportunities and as you have seen companies partner in 2 things and we are completely open to consider those type in our strategy too.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff, I guess the other one, other thing that I would add is obviously, we are -- as are others, are aiming for shorter and shorter trials with these all-oral regimens and hopefully getting down to the shortest 12 weeks, and that does have a major impact on the timing and the speed at which one can move in these trials, which is quite different from the previous trials containing peg and riba.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, Liisa, this is Jeff. I totally agree with what Peter said, and just to perhaps add a couple of things. I think we are in a uniquely advantageous situation because we have multiple swings at the ball inside, as Peter said, and we know they're combinable, and that's very important I think. The combinability has, in some cases, I think been lost in the discussion, we've done a lot of work on that. The second thing is, I think because we have some unique assets in particularly the nucs, that also would place us in a more powerful position with respect to partnering with other outside assets. And so our plan is to fully explore our internal pipeline, as well as once we have begin to understand that to explore partnering possibilities that might work for both parties.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us tonight. We will be in the office to take any additional questions that you have. Have a pleasant evening.
