Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening. Last month, we shared positive results from our 2 Phase III studies of lumacaftor and ivacaftor in people with cystic fibrosis who have 2 copies of the F508del mutation. These results have given great hope and optimism to patients and families with this disease and to the physicians and health care professionals who treat them. As a company, we have also greatly increased our understanding of CFTR correctors and the assays we used to evaluate our medicines during the last several years. Together, these developments provide us with further scientific validation for our ongoing efforts to develop transformative medicines that provide increased benefit for the vast majority of cystic fibrosis patients. The Phase III results also increased our confidence that we can achieve our vision to be a leader in developing therapies for cystic fibrosis and innovative new medicines to treat other serious diseases, and to achieve our financial goals of delivering long-term sustainable growth in revenue, earnings and cash flow. Today, I will review our 3 strategic priorities for achieving our vision as a company. Priority one is to transform the treatment of cystic fibrosis with medicines that address the underlying cause of the disease. CF affects 75,000 children and adults in North America, Europe and Australia and is one of the most prevalent orphan diseases. Slide 5 outlines our strategy to treat the vast majority of people with CF and also to further enhance the benefit for those we treat. With the clinical data we have today, we believe we are on track with this strategy. KALYDECO is available today for people with the G551D and other gating mutations, and we have the potential to treat many more people based on our label expansion efforts for KALYDECO monotherapy. Jeff Chodakewitz will describe the details of these studies in his remarks. With the positive Phase III data for the lumacaftor and ivacaftor combination announced in June, we are now in the cusp of significantly expanding the number of CF patients who can benefit from our medicines. But even with the success of the TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies and the momentum that we have created, our work in CF is far from done. We are evaluating the potential of our medicines in younger children and new groups of people with CF. And as we expand the number of people our medicines treat, we continue to seek ways to enhance the clinical benefit with next-generation medicines and other combination regimens. We are deeply committed to being the leader in CF therapies, and we'll maintain and build on our leadership by continuing to invest in our CF programs and by pursuing external opportunities that complement our internal efforts. Our second strategic priority is to invest to advance our pipeline. We have a productive research engine that has created numerous innovative medicines over the last decade. We will seek to bring new medicines from our research labs into the clinic in the months and years ahead in a number of key specialty disease areas outside of CF. We are also continually surveying the landscape for potential medicines outside Vertex that create transformative opportunities in other serious disease areas of interest. Executing well on our first 2 priorities will enable our third strategic priority, which is to achieve sustainable long-term growth in revenues, earnings and cash flows to allow us to continue to both invest in our business and to deliver superior returns for our shareholders. We have a strong financial position, nearly $1.5 billion in cash. And even as we grow our top line, we see our overall expense profile remaining roughly similar to where it is today. The strategy that we articulated 2.5 years ago has remained consistent, and we have continued to execute against that strategy. This execution has fundamentally changed the outlook for our business, increasing confidence in our plans for the future and for people with CF and their families. Now I'll hand it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Jeff Leiden. So; I think we've been pretty consistent in our strategy over the last couple of years in saying that we are interested in serious specialty diseases where we think we can actually make transformative medicine. Certainly, CF is a beautiful example of that. And we plan to do that both internally and externally. So from an internal standpoint, we haven't talked a lot about it yet, but we do have programs in cancer and progressive MS, for example, in Huntington's disease, and all of those. If you think about it, are very much like CF, right? Very serious diseases without much treatment, where we think there's a scientific opportunity to make a difference. And similarly, we are looking outside. And one of the reasons we strengthened our balance sheet is to allow us to do certain kinds of strategic transactions, starting in CF, where we want to complement our internal resources, but also in other serious diseases outside that fit that kind of mode.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. So I think we are learning a lot, as Jeff Chodakewitz said about the length and size of these trials. And I also think we're learning a lot about the different combinations. And we do plan to take all of that into account, as well as our residual function data when we go to the regulators and talk about size duration of the trials. And also about monotherapy versus a combination therapy. So I think you can anticipate hearing about more about all of that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, I think the patients with not -- true nonsense mutations on both alleles obviously are not going to be helped by our current corrector therapies. And that's one of the areas where we're going to need to look outside as well for additional kinds of therapies to address those patients. As you say, it's about 10% or less of the total population.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then on your second question on attributes of assets that might be interesting to us. Obviously, the first set of assets would be those that could complement our own internal CF assets. We certainly understand now the combination therapy is going to be the rule for most patients, particularly as we move to higher and higher levels of efficacy. And so as you might expect, we're looking very closely adding 4 assets that could complement our internal assets in CF. Beyond that, as we've said before, we're very interested in disease -- in very serious specialty diseases where we see an opportunity to make or acquire transformative therapies. Therapies that make the same kind of difference that our CF medicines have made in CF. And so as we move forward, you can expect to see us looking at those kinds of assets.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: The only thing, maybe to remind you of is, that we do have the previous data on the heterozygous patients very specific subset of those who have Delta 508 on one allele and a KALYDECO responsive mutation on the other allele. And that did show a significant, incremental benefit of adding 661. That will be an important part of our exploration of 661 going forward.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: It's a good question. I think it's maybe even a little broader than that. As Jeff said, we really think about 661 in at least 3 or 4 settings. One is obviously in the homozygous patients and asking is it -- does it show benefit over and above what we see with 809. One is in the special population of heterozygous, which would really be a way of improving efficacy in those patients with the KALYDECO responsive allele and 508 in the other allele, and that's the number 70% of those who have a KALYDECO responsive allele. Then, of course, there's -- they are the what we call the hatmins [ph]. That is patients who have a Delta F508 on one allele and a non-KALYDECO responsive mutation on the other allele. And as Jeff said, there are some different properties of 661 from 809 that we do want to explore in that population to see whether we would see incremental benefits there. And then, of course, there's just the basis of a 3-drug regimen with our next-generation corrector. So 661 is really a way that we see lots of different potential uses, many different options, and our plan is to explore those as quickly as possible in parallel.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I'll talk about our second quarter sales performance and the key drivers of KALYDECO growth for the rest of the year. I'd also like to discuss the priorities for the commercial organization as we prepare for the approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. Total product revenues were $122 million in the second quarter. The vast majority were KALYDECO, but I will note that INCIVEK generated $9 million in the quarter. So turning to KALYDECO. KALYDECO generated $113 million in product sales in the second quarter, including U.S. sales of approximately $63 million and international sales of approximately $50 million. This represents an increase of $14 million over Q1 2014. Underlying demand and adherence in G551D patients continue to be strong, both in the U.S. and internationally. The growth was primarily a result of the expansion of the KALYDECO label by adding 8 additional mutations in the U.S., as well as treating some more people with G551D in Europe. The uptake in patients with the additional mutations is in line with what we experienced in bringing G551D patients onto therapy, and the majority of the eligible patients are already on therapy. We hope to reach nearly all of the approximately 150 eligible children and adults in the U.S. by year end. Label and geographic expansion remained the key long-term growth drivers for KALYDECO. We were pleased to receive a positive opinion from the CHMP in the second quarter, recommending the approval of KALYDECO for people with CF ages 6 and older who have one of 8 non-G551D gating mutations. The CHMP's positive opinion will now be reviewed by the European commission, and we anticipate approval in the second half of this year. There are approximately 250 children and adults ages 6 and older who have one of these additional mutations in Europe. In Canada and Australia, making KALYDECO available to the approximately 300 people with the G551D mutation was and remains an important objective this year. We've made good progress in Canada. The letter of intent signed in June with the pan-Canadian Pricing Alliance is an important step toward eligible Canadians receiving KALYDECO through public reimbursement. However, our work is not complete until each province has added KALYDECO to its individual drug program, which has to happen before people can get access to this medicine. Ontario and Alberta have added KALYDECO to their product listing agreements, and patients are beginning to be initiated in these 2 important provinces that account for over 1/2 of the G551D patients in Canada. We share the urgency of the CF community to bring this process to a successful conclusion, and we will work as quickly as the other provinces are able so that people can receive KALYDECO without delay. In Australia, it has been 16 months since our first reimbursement submission and the CF community is unfortunately still waiting for access to KALYDECO. Despite being offered a price equivalent to the best in the world, Australia is unique in not providing reimbursement. And in addition, seeking to impose criteria, which would effectively lead to 1/2 of patients not having access to KALYDECO. We believe that all eligible Australian children and adults should have the opportunity to receive KALYDECO. We remain committed to trying to reach an agreement and are waiting to hear back from the Department of Health on our proposal submitted in May. Turning now to the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination and our launch preparations. We expect to add additional positions to our commercial team toward the end of the year to support both the increased number of patients in existing countries and expansion into new countries. One area of build-out is here in the U.S. where we'll be adding more case managers to our patient services team who help providers and patients navigate the reimbursement process, as well as help with education and compliance. Internationally, we will need to establish a presence in some new countries: in Central, Southern and Eastern Europe, and also Latin America, in order to meet the needs of people with this more prevalent form of CF. Although we will be expanding to many more countries, the incremental investment is relatively small given the limited sales and marketing infrastructure needed in each country. In summary, we are pleased with the progress we are making with KALYDECO as it continues to be made available to more patients who could benefit, and we are maintaining our KALYDECO net revenue guidance for the year. Also, our launch preparations for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination are well underway, and we are focused on bringing this transformational medicine to as many CF patients around the world as soon as possible. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, it's a great question. It's really too early to provide specific guidance around the launch trajectory and peak penetration. We do know that patients are waiting with great anticipation for this combination product because there's no other medicines that treat the underlying cause of the disease. But as you said, in comparison to the G551D population, that's a significantly smaller population than people who have the F508del homozygous mutation. And that is going to present a kind of a logistical challenge to CF centers.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: If given the prevalence of really very robust CF registries in, certainly, most of the major markets, I would say that the vast majority of the 508del homozygote population is well characterized.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: I can talk about where the populations are in Europe. Actually, they're pretty broadly spread. I mean, this is the most prevalent form of CF, and so pretty much follows the CF population and the population overall in those markets. And so it's a much less concentrated form of CF in something like G551D oversee the Celtic mutation. So it's more broadly spread, more evenly distributed and that's the reason why we are going to need to expand into some new countries to be able to reach those children and adults with this form of CF.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So can we just clarify the question? It's -- to be honest, you're not going through real clear. If you could just clarify the question, was it regarding how we think about those residual function patients with...
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, so we really haven't spoken to payors about the combination product because we didn't really have the Phase III data to be able to have those really meaningful discussions. They would've been purely theoretical. So now that we've got the data, we are beginning program of research to go out and talk with payors, both in the U.S. and internationally. That process is really just beginning. In terms of what challenges we may have, I think what we know is that we've got a medicine, which has a really impressive benefit for patients. It works really well on things that are important to payors, to physicians, to patients. We know there's a high level of anticipation for the product because nothing else treats the underlying cause of the disease. And whilst it is a larger patient population, the G551D patient population, it's still -- patients 12 and over with this form of CF still only accounts for 22,000 patients in the U.S., Europe and Australia. And so it's still a very targeted patient population. So whilst it's a bigger population, it's still a very ultra orphan population. Then the other thing I would say is I'd use some caution extrapolating from one particular instance issue that we're having with Arkansas Medicaid. That's one isolated incident here in the U.S. And whilst Australia, we have yet to reach an agreement, we've reached agreement and are getting reimbursed in 18 other countries around the world. And so I'd just caution you against extrapolating from those exceptions to projecting those to be the rule.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, Lisa, it's Stuart here. It's too early to make any comments on pricing. As you say, we do have the Phase III data now. Now that we have that data, as I referred to earlier, we can begin to build the clinical and economic evidence and begin to test that with payors to develop the support we're going to need for the pricing and reimbursement discussions that will happen down the line here. But we're not in a position to make specific comments on pricing at this time.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, on reimbursement here in the U.S., the reimbursement for KALYDECO has been excellent from the moment the product was launched back in January, 2012, and continues to be very broad. All eligible patients are able to access KALYDECO with the one notable exception that's been referred to in Arkansas. But other than that exceptional circumstance, KALYDECO is widely available to all eligible patients.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, there's about 100 G551D patients in Canada, roughly evenly split between those that have private reimbursement and those who have public reimbursement.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, I think the payor discussions we've had have been centered on the approved product. And while there is an awareness that we are looking to develop a pipeline of products, the conversations we've had with payors have been about providing access for patients who have the specific forms of CF that we currently labeled for.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, exactly. As Ian said, this isn't really an accounting adjustment. It is the impactive residual demand for INCIVEK. And so we thought it was notable to reference it. We're not necessarily predicting that there'll be meaningful INCIVEK sales going forward, but we thought it was useful to reference it, seeing that it's part of our non-GAAP revenue.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: We really don't have any insight into how that is being used as we reduced our investments and all of our support for INCIVEK some time ago. We really have little insight to what's going on in that market. We just thought it was worthwhile noting it as it's a part of our non-GAAP revenues.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Geoff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz, thanks for the question. We are working with our investigators, the CF Foundation, patients, to move forward on Expanded Access. But we really feel that what we need to do next is gain more experience in patients who have FEV1 less than 40, and so we're actively working on developing a protocol that we can put in place and get the drug to patients in that category. And then once we have that data, we'll understand more and see how to proceed from there.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sure. Thanks. So first of all, no, it was not a surprise. And given the Phase II data, it really is essentially as we expected, but we did want to be sure that we understood this given the medical need and the importance for patients. In terms of the -- your question about the next generation and what else for that population, as we mentioned, we are making progress on our next-generation compounds. We have multiple compounds in lead op and things that are -- in terms of even greater activity that we're finding. And so we are anxious to bring one or more compounds forward next year. In terms of whether this population will require 3 drugs, I think that is really still a question. We understand that probably is the best chance, but there are some aspects of VX-661 that has slightly different characteristics like the lack of a drug-drug interaction that affects ivacaftor levels and penetration into the lung. And so we'll have to think about whether we need to understand; what the 2 drug combination might be able to achieve. That's how we're thinking about it right now.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So we're -- this is still early data. We're still trying to understand all the information. But remember, this was only a study for 8 weeks in 120 patients. So whatever data we have, it's not going to be very meaningful.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think in terms of the sweat chloride, we think that it is an important marker. I think that -- and I don't think this is new, it's really about saying, "Are we hitting pharmacologically the target?" And "Is it driving at pharmacological activity?" We think that's important for how we think about compounds, and that we're on the right track. I think that, that will be valuable information. I don't think the fact that we didn't see an FEV1 really changes that. In terms of the CFQ-R results, I think we're really interpreting that with caution. We're going to -- we'll look at that, but it was a somewhat variable response, and I think we just have to learn more.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz again. So we're still analyzing the data, but we do plan to make our dosing decisions this quarter. We think it's going to be soon. And if the -- we have those opportunities, we do anticipate trying to deliver fixed dose combinations.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Our -- as you know, our pivotal trial in R117H actually did enroll children, as well as adults. I think we understand that data well. Even though we missed the primary endpoint in the study, we believe we have a strong argument and have filed that. And so -- and that will include potentially data, or will include the data from children, and I think the data have to be a dialogue because we studied a large number of patients. We studied a significant percentage of all the patients with R117H globally. So we expect to -- we don't expect to do additional studies in R117H. We really do anticipate trying to understand the data that we have and make our best arguments. In terms of young children, are you -- I want to be sure I understand your second question. Are you talking about...
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz, I'll take the first part of that. So in terms of the ongoing long-term extension study from TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT, we do have planned interim analysis and that will include safety evaluation, as well as FEV1. I guess I'd note that we have submitted abstracts on the 24-week TRAFFIC and TRANSPORT studies to NACFC and hope to be able to present those there. And our goal will be to include information coming out of the interim analysis at that meeting as well.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think it's really hard for us to speak about somebody else's work. I think I really would just refer back to the experience we've had as you noted in our systems. And as we talked about in our prepared comments, really, the fact that the assays in our labs have really been such important value in terms of identifying compounds and the translatability to the clinic. And ultimately, we have the kind of clinical data that we spoke about on our last call.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So it's Jeff Chodakewitz. We obviously still as we talked about -- have to decide on the dose, but we do plan to file. And with a fixed dose combination, we don't have -- need to do additional studies.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: No, it's really PK and safety, just to be clear. It's -- as you'd expect, most of measures can't even use in children that age. So it's -- and the submission is really just focused on PK and safety.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: We do not have any ongoing studies or data specifically in that population with 661 right now. The only ongoing study is really the 12-week study that we've referenced in the homozygous patients.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So I think from the -- when we first go into [indiscernible], I think we have to, as you noted, to really understand that -- to be sure we understand the performance of the drug itself. We have to start with at least some limited studies with monotherapy, not necessarily in patients, but at least in healthy adults. And then we would take it from there.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So I think that the -- as I mentioned, the -- our analysis is really still ongoing and what we're really trying -- the biggest driver, as Stuart talked about, was really about the clinical data. We hope to be able to get there soon. Certainly, from a patient perspective, we think that the match regimen where patients take both drugs twice a day and could use one kind of image has advantages for patients in terms of simplicity. But we're really still looking at all the information.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. Thanks, Lisa, for the question. I'm not going to go down to the specifics to Australia. We're involved in, as you might expect, an interesting discussion down there in Australia and I don't want to go into a lot of detail, specifically for the revenue from that country.
Ian F. Smith: Yes. And therefore, you can apply a normal uptake to it. But I would just add, though, as you try to kind of pinpoint the kind of the revenue within our guidance, I would just add that given that we are dependent on Australia coming through, it helps you understand where we are in the range of our guidance that we set earlier this year, which pushes us towards the lower end of that range that we've provided earlier this year.
Ian F. Smith: [indiscernible] accessible phase. It's not accounting. There are actually real sales, and maybe Stu wants to give a little bit of background behind that.
