Jeff Leiden: Stuart is going to take the question might also comment on some of the other features that are affecting how we're thinking about the launch as well.
Jeff Leiden: I'm not going to comment on exactly how many, but the vast majority of the patients who were on clinical trial supply have now transitioned to commercial drug. Just to orient you there was approximately 500 in total of the patients in traffic and transport were in the U.S.
Jeff Leiden: Just very briefly about 152 and 440 I really can't tell into the details of the ongoing studies, but as you know the main focus for Phase 1 study is there's got to be exposure and safety and we learned a lot from those ongoing studies.
Jeff Leiden: Sure. Briefly, you are asking about metabolism and so forth and as you know, it's very hard from preclinical data to speculate especially in Chile really understand exposures and so forth. We are going to understand that much better from our Phase I study. I would point back to what we have said all along about our NextGen molecules that we wanted to get molecules that weren’t just look good in Vitro but actually could be medicines and that's the way we've approached it.
Jeff Leiden: Cory, this is Jeff Leiden. Maybe just to add one comment obviously we’ve heard a lot from Ian and Stuart and some of the questions about the kinetics of the launch and some of the short-term modeling. I do think it's important to stand back as well and remember what the total opportunity is which I think is where your question is going. So if you think about where we are today versus where we were even six months ago, right? Today, we have approval for 8500 patients in the U.S. and we have a launch that we are really pleased with more than 4500 or 55% of the patients already on drugs in the U.S. which I think is remarkable. We have reimbursements in the U.S. that’s gone actually better than we have been expected meaning every state Medicaid is now reimbursing the drug and the majority of the private insurers are. We have approval in Europe and are starting a launch in Germany as you heard in the press release and ATU in France. Now we have approval in Canada which gives us access to 1500 private patients and the ability to negotiate reimbursement as Stuart said to an additional like 2500 patients or so. And so when you look at the total opportunity, it's actually every bit of what we thought before we have made significant progress and nothing of that has changed. It's impossible to predict the exact kinetics what's going to happen in the first quarter versus the second quarter but at least the way we look at it is we look out over the next couple of years we see that opportunity intact and progressing really nicely and I think it's important to sort of see that in the big picture as well as the short term model. So I hope that helps.
Jeff Leiden: Yeah, hi, Alicia. It’s Jeff Leiden. Maybe I'll take the first one since it's a bit of a science and a policy question, strategy question I think then Jeff see if you can take the second question on the chest tightness. So maybe just to give you a little background, I know you are aware of this but the RF application is a little bit unusual compared to the other applications. That Vertex has submitted on KALYDECO and ORKAMBI which are always based on large Phase III studies. This one is different. It’s basically aimed at about 1500 patients with 23 different mutations resulting in residual function. And it’s based predominantly on preclinical data. That is cell-based data from cells that have been engineered to have those 23 different mutations supported by a very small Phase 2a study of about 24 patients that comprised eight or nine of those 23 mutations. And so what we are really asking the FDA to look at is both the science and the medicine. That we are submitting but also there is a policy question here which is how do extend the label of a drug like KALYDECO to very rare populations of mutations? Some of these mutations only have four patients in the last or ten patients in the U.S. and that's a very important policy question in precision medicine that as you know the FDA is considering much more broadly even just in CF. And so part of the reason why it’s little difficult to handicap this one is because of this combination of clinical and policy sort of things. We feel very strongly it is the right thing to do for patients that's why we did it. There are 1,500 patients in the U.S. but today don't have any CFTR correction therapy of any sort. And it would be years before they could get them based on large Phase 3 trials. For us this is definitely the right thing to do for patients and we believe in the science strongly and in the clinical support that we have but handicapping with the FDA is going to do obviously is a bit more difficult we will know by February 7 and then based upon what we do we have obviously come up with a strategy but again our goal is to try to get this medicine that has four years of safety data to these patients as soon as possible.
Jeff Leiden: And Liisa, this is Jeff. Maybe to reiterate one thing that Jeff C. said before because I think it's important. And I remember you and I talking about this at one point, that we are very interested in some of these alternative endpoints for a couple of reasons. One, as Jeff said, these may be much more applicable to populations in which it is difficult to measure FEV1, like the kids, particularly as they get younger. But also because, as you know, FEV1, which is a measure of midsize airway resistance, is quite a bit downstream or upstream, if you will, from the problem in CF, which is really a distal airway gas exchange problem. And actually LCI is probably a much more sensitive measure closer to the actual physiology of what is going on in CF. And so we have been very eager to start to see results from these kinds of studies to tell whether LCI could actually turn out to be as good or better an endpoint than FEV1. And obviously we need to provide agencies with clinical data to support that and this is the first step in that process.
Jeff Leiden: Thanks for the questions. This is Jeff Leiden. I'm actually going to turn that one over to Stuart, because he is really responsible for the GPS program and he will also be able to describe the patient assistance program that has allowed us to help patients who do have high co-pays. 
Jeff Leiden: Jeff -- I'll take the first question. And then -- I'll quickly say we will make the appropriate steps in terms of where we publish data regarding our molecules as we move forward. Obviously you've seen a lot of publications at NACF, which is in the fall and then overseas the ECFS conference, so you'll probably expect to see more data at those conferences. And then to your other question, Jeff.
Jeff Leiden: Great. Well, thank you again for joining us tonight. Apologies for running over; it was all Michael's fault. At the risk of running for one or two more minutes, I did want to make a couple of concluding remarks. And, again, I always like to do this sort of in retrospect and say where are we today as a company as compared to where we were six or 12 months ago. And I must say, from a personal standpoint and from the standpoint of CF patients, I'm very, very encouraged with the progress that we've made. I think we -- it's now clear that KALYDECO and ORKAMBI together are approved for about 25,000 patients or almost a third of all patients -- CF patients in the world. As we discussed at JPMorgan, there's a fairly straightforward strategy through label expansion in the younger populations and others to take that number from 25,000 to 44,000 patients in the next couple of years. And then we have a clear strategy with multiple prongs, actually, to get to the vast of majority patients. And they include the ENaC inhibitors which are in Phase 2, so they can move very rapidly if we see positive results there in combination with ORKAMBI. They include the NextGen correctors, which are moving along in Phase 1 and which we hope to have in patients in the second half of this year. And we think those have the potential to both increase the efficacy for the patients we're treating today, but also to let us get to that large subset of HETMIN patients that don't have anything today. And then finally the progress we have made with some of our deals, particularly the CRISPR deal here. And although that's the Holy Grail, 10 or 15 years down the road, we do have a vision of potentially correcting the underlying mutation and curing patients with CF. And so as I look at the world from our perspective, obviously, I'm tremendously encouraged about the future opportunity and particularly the future opportunity for patients. And I'm pleased with the progress we're making and we'll look forward to updating you over the next year as we continue that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Geoff, hi its Stuart here. So, yeah, let me reiterate a couple of things that Ian said about ORKAMBI and the factors we are taking into account when thinking about the launch in the way of tracking very closely. One is obviously the peak penetration so the number of eligible patients in total that get initiated over therapy over time and we continue to expect the vast majority of 8,500 patients will. Then there's a rate of uptake, how quickly we get to that peak penetration as you know at the end of December we had about 4,500 patients on therapy about 55% of the total and we expect that we'll get to peak penetration during the course of 2016. And then as you said one of the other key components is persistence, the number of patients who stay on therapy. And obviously it's pretty early days because whilst we've only been on the market for six months, we really don't have long-term experience with very many patients yet. In the Phase 3 studies for ORKAMBI, at about 24 weeks in traffic and transport about 5% of patients have discontinued, the 48 weeks in the open label extension with ORKAMBI, we were at 15% of patients had discontinued. So, that's in the ORKAMBI clinical trials and time will tell whether we see a higher number or lower number, but probably a higher number who are discontinuing in the real world. With KALYDECO, in the studies we looked at, it was about 5% of patients again who had discontinued in the KALYDECO clinical trials. It was actually slightly higher than that in the real world, it got closer to 10%. So, in the real world, over time and largely that was a longer period of time, we did see a slightly higher number -- higher percentage of patients on KALYDECO discontinue versus the clinical trials. The last thing we're going to be thinking about that is obviously compliance and that's the percentage of patients who actually take the pills that have been prescribed by their physician. As you know KALYDECO is very, very high at 85%, certainly the highest I've ever seen personally for a chronic medication. Obviously medicines are roundabout the 60% range, I would anticipate ORKAMBI is going to be in that range probably towards the higher part of that range, but somewhere in that range. The only other question we will have to look at very closely and again we just don't have data on it, we don't have data on it in the clinical program Geoff and we'll have to see how it plays out in the real world is whether physicians and patients choose to reinitiate therapy if they have discontinued for some reason. And we just have no information from the clinical trials because they just weren't set up to look at that, if a patient discontinued they would then excluded from further therapy. So, we just don't have data on that right now Geoff. Hopefully that gives you some perspective on what we're thinking. 
Stuart Arbuckle: Matt, its Stuart here just to comment on the residual function. So, as you said, residual function is not included within the KALYDECO guidance that we have provided. There's about 1,500 patients with the 23 mutations that we've asked for within our filing. In terms of patients transferring from clinical trials, clearly the article trial on which the application is based or which included in the clinical trial is very small. So, it's not as if the huge bolus of patients to transition from clinical supply to commercial supply. In terms of rate of uptake, the best analog of think for you there would be R117H which by definition is a residual function mutation. And so both in terms of peak penetration and rate of uptake, I think that's probably the best analog for you to think of in terms of the rate of uptake we might see if we're approved. And then just to illustrate what Ian said in his prepared remarks, if we're approved in residual function, our anticipation is that we update our KALYDECO guidance to reflect that.
Stuart Arbuckle: Ying Stuart here, I'll take your first question. Thanks for the question on reimbursement and kind of I have to cut to the chase, I really can't speculate on exactly what our arrangements are going to look like with governments around the world because we really are just at the beginning of that process and just to remind people, in most countries it is really a three-step process. There will be a clinical assessments of the risks and benefits of the agent, then as a pharmacoeconomic assessment and that really then is the sort of starting point for than the price and contracting negotiations and until we kind of work our way through that process it's really impossible to speculate on exactly what the nature of any relationship that we might come to with the various governments around the world. And for the cynical question, I will hand that over to Jeff.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yeah, Cory, Stuart here. As you said, the eligible patient population of F508del home as I get in Canada is about 1500 patients and that’s out of about 4000 total CF patients that we estimate in Canada. Now that we've got the kind of regulatory approval we can now begin to seek public reimbursements for ORKAMBI in Canada and as you know as I’ve just described the process there is again a clinical assessment. There will be a pharmacoeconomic assessment and then there will be a price negotiation, probably through the pan-Canadian pricing alliance process that we went through with KALYDECO. In terms of rate of uptake, much as we are seeing here in the U.S., I do anticipate that the relative rate of uptake will be slower for ORKAMBI than it was with KALYDECO in Canada and indeed other markets outside of the U.S. for the same reason. It's just the sheer volume of patients as much larger than it is for KALYDECO and it's just more of an administrative burden to initiate patients. So much like we’re seeing here in the U.S. I'd expect the relative rate of uptake for ORKAMBI to be less than it is for -- less rapid than it was for KALYDECO in Canada and are indeed other markets outside of the U.S.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. Lisa, it’s Stuart. There is 1500 patients in total who are 12 and over who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. And we estimate there is about 30% of those would be covered by some form of private insurance. Private insurance may take some time to kicking in Canada; it is not necessarily quite as rapid for them to come to a decision certainly that was our experience with KALYDECO. But approximately 30% of the 1500 patients we estimate will have some form of private insurance.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question and thanks for the positive feedback. The GPS program, just so everybody is aware of it, is a service which is there to help patients and help them navigate the reimbursement process and there to provide them with ongoing education if they choose to opt in. It is great to get the feedback on that. Now dealing with the question you raised about out-of-pocket costs. For both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI, we have comprehensive patient assistance programs in terms of co-pay assistance for eligible patients. The program is such that no patient who has a co-pay who is eligible for the program would have a monthly co-pay for either KALYDECO or ORKAMBI about $15 per month. And then for those patients who have coinsurance, we will cover coinsurance up to 30% of the price of the medicines. And the program is to keep things simple for people, identical for both KALYDECO and ORKAMBI.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi Jeff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, in terms of the Phase 1 studies for VX-152 and 440, we're really in the midst of those studies and we obviously can't comment on the ongoing trials. Maybe just a comment on [Indiscernible] Phase 2 and we're in early days in terms of those designs, but I do think it's likely that we would look to take multiple doses of the compounds into those Phase 2 studies to learn as much as we can.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi Matt, it's Jeff Chodakewitz, maybe I'll start. So, in terms of the pediatric study, we were pleased with the results of the study, really meaning both endpoints for exposure for PK and then for safety as you said, so that was a nice outcome. The expectation with the FDA is that once you have established efficacy in the same disease in older children that as you move to younger age groups -- really -- it's really about that exposure and safety consistent with the design of the study. I will say that I think we were also quite pleased with the evidence of efficacy in the population where it gets harder to actually demonstrate that. And I think actually the FEV1 showing that strong trend was actually quite favorable remembering that these kids started any pretty high FEV1 percentage of baseline and actually you noted the fact that the LCI measure, which is in its earlier days, was nicely positive and that's our primary endpoint in the European study and lastly the BMI kind of measures as well. So, I think overall we were quite satisfied with the results of the trial.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Great. And this is Jeff, I think in terms of your questions around pediatrics, maybe starting with the U.S., as we said we expect to submit our file in the second quarter of this year, we haven't yet had those discussions with the FDA of course, but we're operating under the assumption of a six-month review time. The European study is still ongoing, it's enrolling and I don't really see there being much interaction in terms of those processes.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Hi, Brian. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So let’s -- maybe start with the LCI and as we talk about little bit it is an early measure. So the information I could give you is somewhat imperfect just so you know and the advantage we think is being able in children who have relatively normal FEV1 that as you know they have significant underlying disease. Their pulmonary function really is far from normal. It allows you to measure that. And over reasonably short periods of time sort of like a six-month period as we go in our clinical studies, there could be small decreases but we think overall that should be relatively stable. There may be modest shift over time but we think we would be able to have a reasonable baseline for assessing it. So actually that’s part of why the data that we had coming out of our pediatric study even without the control arm was encouraging to us. Maybe I will take a comment on the study in patients whose FEV1 are less than 40. We are still -- actually in the process of collecting all that data. We are still in rolling but we think that there is some useful information there just in terms of the experience that we have accrued. We did to your specific question did give hard way through give investigators the opportunity to start with a lower dose and then step up to full dose. That would be -- it's not a perfect evaluation of that but we were really trying to do what you said which is to help explore what could help patients get through those early weeks of dosing. We're going to summarize all that data and present it and use it from an education perspective as well.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Great. And it’s Jeff Chodakewitz. Just to comment on your question about the chest tightness. Maybe first step back to our Phase 3 results which I think are the most definitive information. And as you noted those adverse events did occur very early. They were manageable in the vast majority of people and they did decrease overtime. Usually the average duration was approximately two weeks. So I think all of that really comes out of our Phase 3 data and suggested is an early event and the experience in our pediatric study was actually completely consistent with that. It was a small number, it happened early and in fact nobody discontinued because of that.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Sure. It’s Jeff Chodakewitz. And I will say that in terms of that kind of validation of saying what the minimally clinically important differences it doesn't exist for that tool. I will say based on our discussions with people who are experts in the methodology, we were -- we kind of targeted a 0.7 decrease. Remember in this measure, actually a negative number is an improvement because of the way the test is done. So, I can't give you an exact number, but hopefully that gives you some context in why we were pleased with the results. 
Jeff Chodakewitz: And it's Jeff Chodakewitz. Just maybe a couple of comments on the ENaC program. First of all, there is an ongoing Phase 2 study that Parion has the lead on. That study is across all different types of genotypes in terms of the patient population and so we're going to be really looking for early evidence of activity in that study. And not just looking overall, but we're going to be trying to learn looking among the different subpopulations and we still expect the results of that to come out around midyear. At the same time, we're going to be starting our study, which is very complementary to the study that's ongoing this quarter and that study is going to be in 508 homozygous patients who already are going to be receiving ORKAMBI. And then looking to see whether the ENaC inhibitor can add to the efficacy for that population. And actually the preclinical data in our hands actually suggests that that may be the best way to get activity and benefit for patients from that mechanism. And so ultimately it's going to be learning from both of those trials as we better understand what the potential for that mechanism may be.
Jeff Chodakewitz: And it's Jeff Chodakewitz. In terms of the pediatric study, as we pointed out, the overall profile was actually quite favorable. If there were two patients who discontinued, one of them was because of abnormal liver function tests and one of them was because of a rash.
Jeff Chodakewitz: Maybe a couple more comments on LCI. And as you point out, they do have overlapping but somewhat different sweet spots, if you will, in terms of the best way to use them. And I do think, as a field, this links back to Jeff Leiden's comments that we're continuing to learn the best way to use each of them. Obviously LCI has that potential sensitivity advantages in children. But right now there are only some centers that actually have the expertise to do that well. And, of course, a great tool used poorly doesn't really help anybody. So, I think there are still -- there is still a lot of work to be done. And then there is the other part of your question about regulatory recognition. And I can't speak for the regulators, but I think it was encouraging that in Europe, LCI was accepted as our primary endpoint in our study. So, I think there is, in general an openness to continue to advance the field and hopefully we can contribute to that.
Ian Smith: Yes, so I'll take the first one and then Jeff Chodakewitz can take the second question. So firstly, the stocking question that you ask is for all people we estimated there was a proximally $6 million of inventory stocking in the fourth quarter for KALYDECO. What we mean by that is the inventory was higher at December 31 compared to September 30 by $6 million. That will then sell out of the channel, so it does impact future sales because it was in inventory. We have removed that from our guidance, so when we made an estimate for our 2016 KALYDECO guidance, we removed that. In fact I think when we all met in JPMorgan, San Francisco I gave people a simple calculation to think about how we got to our guidance for 2016. I'll refer to the again which is in the fourth quarter of 2015, we did approximately $180 million of KALYDECO revenues, $181 million to be precise, but approximately $180 million. If you multiply that -- if you take $6 million out of that and you get $174 million worth of fourth quarter run rate revenue and then multiply that by four, you then actually deduct the patients from that annualized number and you get to approximate range of the guidance that we provided which was $670 million to $690 million for KALYDECO. So, we did take account for that stocking.
Ian Smith: Thanks for the questions Mike, Jeff Chodakewitz has actually just stepped out while you asked that second question.
Ian Smith: I just want to make sure he heard your question. I'll take the first question and so Jeff will take the second question. So, first of all, know we are not trying to say discontinuation is a bigger issue than compliance. I actually appreciate asking the question so we can clarify that. That's not what we are trying to say and it's not actually what we are saying even early on in this launch. But I appreciate the opportunity to comment on how people are thinking about the ORKAMBI launch and how we're seeing at reflected in sell-side models and specifically 2016, let's say forecasted that are in the sell-side models. So, obviously, when you look at consensus, there a number of different models that are out there, a number of different numbers and so there's some extreme numbers and then there are some that are more towards the normal. What I would say, I don't know the assumptions that are being put into other people's models, but I would ask you to listen carefully to Stuart's comments, where we touch on when do we believe we're going to get to peak penetration, the rate of uptake of ORKAMBI and then importantly, the persistence and compliance because specifically compliance if people take six pills out of every 10, it straightforward, you get $6 out of every $10 of your gross price. And obviously there is a gross to net discount based on whether you've got Medicaid patients versus private payer patients. And so I just -- the opportunity to comment on this call to all people that wanted, I want to make sure that people are giving thorough consideration to all this aspects of the launch and would be happy to talk to you after the call as well. As far as your question regarding Germany, Germany is the only country that we expect any significant revenues from outside of the U.S. And just to give you the background of Germany, Germany has an estimated 2,500 patients. We believe it could take 12 to 18 months to reach the peak penetration in those patients and we provided people with a price in Germany. And it is one aspect of the sell-side models that I do struggle with, because when I look at and ex-U.S. consensus of the sell-side model, a number that's close to $300 million; I find it very challenging for us to accrue that much revenue from Germany alone. And so I do appreciate you calling that out and so I just hope that people are giving consideration to all these features when modeling the ORKAMBI launch. And then --
Ian Smith: In terms of modeling the kids, were we lucky enough to get an approval this year, I'd certainly recommend that people take into account the same considerations that's the peak penetration, time to peak, persistence rate and compliance, and model those each individually. In terms of what we have seen with KALYDECO, we have seen that the worst compliance we see tends to be in that teenage to young adultsville. And so because kids -- our assumption because kids are very closely monitored by their parents, particularly in that six to 11 year age group, perhaps not surprisingly, we see high levels of compliance with that particular patient group. We tend to see a bit of a dip, perhaps unsurprisingly, in the teenage to young adults group. So, we might anticipate in the six to 11 group that that would be our best complying patient population and that is certainly what we have seen with KALYDECO.
Ian Smith: So, your first question was regarding the triple. And so -- first of all, the timing of getting data from the triple or disclosing the data from the triple is really subject to how fast we move through the Phase 1. And we've mentioned this before, the longer our Phase 1 takes, actually the better it is because it means we're escalating the dose and we're getting greater exposure of the drug into the healthy volunteers. And based on where we expect this to go, we anticipate in the second half of the year we will be in the proof-of-concept triple studies, which will probably push us into early 2017 to get that data. So, that's how we are trying to set a timing expectation. And then your second question was on the disclosure regarding which -- futility. The HETMIN futility. So, the HETMIN in terms of recruitment to that trial is actually going very nicely, as you might anticipate, given that these patients have no other alternative medicine. And so we anticipate that we will be completed enrollment around the middle of the year. And, therefore, we do expect the futility study to be done in the second half of the year. Obviously, we won't be disclosing that unless we have to curtail the study. So, no news would be good news on that assessment.
