Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to discuss with you the progress that Vertex has made in 2013. Earlier this year, we identified key priorities that will enable you to measure the progress of our business. In January, at the JPMorgan conference, I outlined 3 strategic imperatives for our business that would position us for long-term growth: first, prioritizing our development investments to advance our late-stage medicines. We have important late-stage medicines in development for cystic fibrosis, hepatitis C and autoimmune diseases, and our goal is to provide these therapies to patients, their families and healthcare providers as soon as possible. Second, focus on continuing to create innovative medicines for serious diseases out of our R&D efforts. Making ground-breaking new medicines is the reason Vertex was founded. It continues to define who we are today. And third, maintaining our financial strength. We recognize that we're in an important period of investment to realize sustained growth opportunities in the near future and the funding of this investment while maintaining our balance sheet's strength is an important priority. So far in 2013, we have accomplished a great deal to advance our late-stage medicines and show the potential to bring further ground-breaking therapies to patients. We also continue to maintain our financial strength with a good financial performance for the first quarter. In cystic fibrosis, we received breakthrough designation from the U.S. FDA for ivacaftor as monotherapy. We have multiple studies underway that could potentially expand the KALYDECO label. We are on track to have the first clinical data for ivacaftor monotherapy outside of G551D in the second half of 2013. We also received breakthrough designation for the combination of ivacaftor with our lead corrector molecule, VX-809. With the VX-809 plus ivacaftor combination, we reached agreement with the regulatory authorities and have now begun a Phase III program that will evaluate 6 months of treatment in 1,000 patients homozygous for the Delta 508 mutation. We anticipate that we will receive Phase III data and submit an NDA for this combination in 2014. We also reported Phase II data earlier this month with another corrector, VX-661, that has further validated the strategy of combining a corrector and a potentiator to treat CF patients with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation. Also, we announced that we continue to advance an additional corrector, VX-983, and we expect to start a combination study with this compound in people with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation in the second half of this year. In hepatitis C, we have initiated 2 12-week studies with an interferon-free all-oral regimen of our nucleotide, VX-135, in combination with ribavirin, and 1 of these studies is now fully enrolled. Our strategy is to conduct multiple Phase II studies of VX-135 in multiple combinations with other DAAs in Phase II to position us to initiate pivotal development of VX-135 in 2014. This quarter, we are starting our first Phase II study in HCV patients combining VX-135 with another DAA, Bristol-Myers Squibb's NS5A inhibitor, daclatasvir. Financially, we are making significant investments, which we believe are important to position us for sustained future growth. These investments are focused in R&D for the creation of meaningful new medicines. As part of the strategy we outlined in January, we described how we would control our operating expense and reduce our SG&A investment compared to prior years and thereby, direct our investments towards our pipeline and research efforts. These actions are reflected in our Q1 results, which Ian will cover in more detail. To maintain financial strength, we are also seeking to maximize revenues of our approved medicines. Stuart will provide some color on this in a moment, but I will say that I'm pleased with our performance this quarter, which shows our important position in hepatitis C and also demonstrates the value of KALYDECO for certain people with CF. In summary, our strategy has created hope for people with serious diseases and has created significant value for shareholders and a platform for long-term growth. Now I'd like to turn it over to Stuart.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Now Geoff, let me take the strategy question, and then I'll turn it over to Bob for the more detailed scientific question around resistance mutants. I think you know our strategy all along has been to combine VX-135 with multiple other DAAs and actually collect the data in Phase II that we think will allow us to pick the best regime or regimens to take forward into pivotal development next year. And I think the results we saw at EASL really only reaffirmed our confidence in that strategy. So as we discussed today, we have multiple partnerships in which we can look at 135 with ribavirin and at least 3 other DAAs, and it's our plan to continue that strategy going forward. I think at the end of the day, the data will really speak to this, but I think the picture's becoming pretty clear that a nuke will be the backbone of most of these straightforward DAA regimens, and we think VX-135 is competitive with any nuke out there. So let me turn this over to Bob for your specific question.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, thanks for asking the question. I think as we've looked at what it takes to develop this asset in multiple indications and multiple geographies, which I think is what's going to be needed to be competitive, that's really a process that we feel comfortable with only in a partnership. And so that really is our plan going forward.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Michael, this is Jeff. Let me take your first question, and then maybe I'll turn it over to Bob for your question on the CF enrollment. With respect to the timing of these different studies on VX-135, just to be clear, we're not necessarily going to wait. We agree with you that speed is of the essence here, and we hope to begin collecting data, actually, as soon as the third quarter of this year with some combinations, like the ribavirin study and then subsequently with the others. And as you say, if we saw a combination that was clearly a winning combination or an ultra-competitive combination, we wouldn't wait to move it forward because we agree that we want to go as quickly as possible to patients.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then finally, Rachel, your question on the heterozygotes -- this is Jeff. We are considering with the regulatory authorities how to approach the heterozygotes. We have a couple of different approaches. I think it's too early for us to give you specific plans, but we are formulating plans both with our current correctors, as we've said, but also with the combination with second-generation correctors. And we want to move as quickly as we can to that population of patients.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, great questions. And so I think as we've said before, we believe, from what we know today and it's still based on a fairly small amount of data that the heterozygotes are going to be more difficult to treat than the homozygotes. Both of them are cell studies, and what we've seen, as you point out, with 809 in the clinic. We may do some more work with the single correctors, first-generation correctors like 661 and 983 that do have different pharmacokinetic and tissue penetration properties. But I do -- if you ask me to handicap it today, I think the ultimate solution to the heterozygotes will really come from the combination of a first- and the second-generation corrector with KALYDECO. And it's one of the reasons why we're trying to move those second-generation correctors forward as quickly as we possibly can.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And then with respect to the CF strategy and the competition, we're in a very fortunate position here that our scientists started working on this problem, 14, 15 years ago now and clearly, established a leadership position in the science, which is reflected in the portfolio of drugs we have. On the other hand, we fully expect there will be competition. That's the way this industry always works when someone sees the successes, and we anticipate that. Our strategy is to move as quickly as we can with our portfolio, get those to as many patients as possible to benefit them. And we think in the long run, that's best for patients and best for Vertex.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, it's a great question. I think we've said all along, Howard, that we believe, today, anyway, from what we've learned that we're going to need a highly efficacious regimen, which, for us means, SVR's greater than 80% certainly in genotype 1 naives. We're going to need a short duration of therapy, which we believe is 12 weeks or less, and we're going to need a very highly tolerable therapy. In addition, there are some other potential differentiating points, and they really have to do with Pan genotypic, as you point out, and they have to do with some of the sicker patient populations. And our strategy is to investigate our regimens, first, for the sort of basics, if you will, and then see if we can develop differentiated regimens around some of those other properties and get them out there quickly.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, so yes, we think that a nuke -- the reason that we're really pursuing a nuke plus ribavirin first is to understand the safety profile and the potency of our nuke alone before we combine it with other DAAs. But our belief is, for the majority of patients, one will need 2 DAAs, and certainly, you can see that reflected in our strategy. So I think that's probably the answer to your first question. Now, you want to just repeat the rest of the other 3 questions so I can remember.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes. With respect to the second-generation correctors, what we said is our goal is to get one of them or more than one of them into the clinic by the end of next year. That's 2014.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon. I will provide some background and commentary on our approved medicines, INCIVEK for genotype 1 chronic hepatitis C infection and KALYDECO for CF patients who have the G551D mutation. Starting with INCIVEK. We launched INCIVEK for hepatitis C in May 2011, and now just 2 years later, we have treated more than 60,000 patients in the United States. While fewer patients are starting treatment for hepatitis C compared to this time a year ago, the hepatitis C market remains substantial, and INCIVEK continues to be the market leader with approximately 75% of new patients in the U.S., a number that is unchanged since launch. Vertex recorded $206 million in net revenues for INCIVEK in the first quarter. We expect INCIVEK to remain the market-leading therapy throughout 2013. However, the number of hepatitis C patients starting treatment in the U.S. has been in decline since the second quarter of last year, and this trend is likely to continue in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., Janssen markets telaprevir as INCIVO, and Vertex receives a royalty. INCIVO availability has continued to expand to additional countries, and based on Janssen sales in the first quarter of 2013, Vertex earned $39 million in royalties. Janssen has attributed the strong performance of INCIVO in the first quarter to a continued successful rollout of INCIVO in Latin America. Moving now to KALYDECO. We launched KALYDECO in the U.S. in early 2012 for cystic fibrosis patients with the G551D mutation, aged 6 and older, and we saw rapid adoption amongst U.S. patients. By the end of 2012, we were treating the vast majority of the eligible G551D patients in the U.S. For the first quarter of 2013, we achieved U.S. sales of KALYDECO of approximately $50 million, in line with our U.S. sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. In the European Union, KALYDECO was approved in July 2012, and since then, our key objective has been to complete the reimbursement process in the major markets so that we can make KALYDECO available to the patients who need it. We forecasted growth for KALYDECO in 2013, which reflected our expectation regarding the timing of achieving reimbursement and the speed of uptake in the region. We achieved approximately $12 million in KALYDECO sales outside of the U.S. in the first quarter, which represents reasonable growth over Q4 2012. However, we expect this to accelerate in Q2 2013 given the progress we have made in achieving reimbursement approval in the major European countries. Specifically in these major markets, KALYDECO began to be available during Q1 with commercial reimbursements starting in Q2. The uptake in these markets has been strong, which reinforces our confidence in the growth we can achieve for KALYDECO revenues in 2013. In summary, I'm pleased with INCIVEK's performance within the hep C market and in the ongoing launch of KALYDECO. And now I'll turn it over to Ian.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, so reimbursement in most of U.K. and Ireland didn't kick in right until the back end of Q1 and at the beginning of Q2, so the majority of the $12 million, the majority of the growth over Q4 was from existing markets like Germany where we're already on the market and reimbursed. We're really expecting the growth in the U.K. to come in Q2 and beyond.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, I'd agree with that. We've said a number of times, the vast majority of G551D patients over 6 in the U.S. have already been receiving treatments. So really, what's going to lead to growth in the U.S. is those new indications that we're working on with ivacaftor in monotherapy.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Sure, Matt, let me talk through. So in reimbursement terms, which is the key to count the accelerating growth that we're projecting, we have achieved reimbursement across the U.K. and the Republic of Ireland with the exception of Wales. The notable markets there are England, Scotland and Ireland, which have the largest preponderance of patients, so them coming on stream in addition to France and Germany where we already have reimbursement in place, that's what leads us to believe that we can be more sure of the revenue expectations in 2013. That reimbursement backed up by the reaction we've seen from CF patients and CF centers and the initial uptake we've seen since reimbursement kicked in, that's what gives us more confidence in the guidance that we are updating today.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the, is there a financial cap for orphan drugs in the U.K., there isn't a financial cap in those countries. The real cap is the number of eligible patients with G551D that we can bring benefit to. The only country that kind of has a cap really is Scotland, in that KALYDECO is covered in Scotland under a rare disease fund. That rare disease fund was put in place earlier this year. There's about, I think, GBP 21 million in that rare disease fund. That's certainly more than enough to cover KALYDECO for all the eligible patients in Scotland. So I think the short answer to your question, Katherine, is no.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Well, I'm not going to tell you how you should look at pricing, but what I will tell you is it's far too early for us to be talking about pricing when we really only just begun the Phase III program for 809. And it's really much too early in the process to be making any comments on price from our end.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: It was on price, Ian, I think, let me take that one. We did take a price increase in the U.S. within the quarter, that's correct. From quarter to quarter, there's really multiple factors that can affect our revenue. There's lots of kind of puts and takes that were within one particular quarter. Let me just, though, address one thing that I think you were alluding to. Was there a dropoff or increased dropoff of patients? That didn't happen. Our persistence and compliance rates are very high with KALYDECO and have been very stable over time. What we're really focused on is the annual revenues for KALYDECO. We feel very good about the revised guidance that we provided today.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Stuart. I'll start by reaffirming our business and financial strategy. That is, we're investing in the advancements of important medicines that, if successful, will drive sustained long-term business and financial growth. From a financial perspective, our goal during this period is to maintain financial strength. Stated simply, protect our balance sheet by prioritizing our spend towards R&D and balancing our expenses with revenues. Now to the first quarter 2013 results. Total revenues were $328 million. Our total non-GAAP operating expenses, excluding cost of revenues and other charges, were $275 million, and we had a non-GAAP profit of $5.7 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we completed the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and $400 million of 200 -- 2015 convertible debt outstanding. This debt has early conversion features based on certain stock prices. These results are consistent with our strategy of maintaining our financial strength while progressing our medicines in development. Now to the more detailed results. In the first quarter, KALYDECO revenues were approximately $62 million, approximately $50 million in the U.S. and $12 million outside the U.S. Uptake in early 2013 has been strong in key countries outside the U.S., and this uptake provides us with the visibility into total KALYDECO revenues for the remainder of 2013. For this reason, we are increasing KALYDECO revenue guidance today. INCIVEK revenues in the first quarter were $206 million, reflecting continued demand for hepatitis C treatment even as the market anticipates the arrival of other regimens beginning in 2014. INCIVO royalties were $39 million, and combined with the INCIVEK revenues, we continue to anticipate significant HCV revenue contributions to our top line in 2013. Finally, collaborative and other revenues in the first quarter were $22 million, bringing total 2013 quarter revenues to $328 million. Now to the non-GAAP operating expenses of $275 million, which excludes cost of revenues and other charges. This is similar to prior year. Within our first quarter 2013 non-GAAP operating expenses, there has been a significant decrease in SG&A comparison to our fourth quarter 2012 and also comparison to the first quarter of 2012, while we continue to prioritize our investment into R&D. In particular, our late-stage development investments into our programs for CF, HCV and autoimmune disease programs increased our R&D investment compared to prior year. Before I move to our 2013 financial guidance, I'd like to provide a comment on our GAAP net loss of $308 million. This includes a charge of $412,900,000 for the impairment of our HCV asset, VX-222. At this stage of development of our portfolio of HCV assets and given the progression of other regimens by other companies, we are able -- we are unable to support the fair value of VX-222 on our balance sheet. And accordingly, we are taking a write-down in the value of this intangible asset. We also record a tax benefit for VX-222 of $127.6 million, results in a net charge of $285 million. Now to the 2013 financial guidance. Today, we are reiterating our total revenue guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion that we provided in February 2013, while we are increasing the KALYDECO components of revenues to $300 million to $340 million from $280 million to $320 million we gave previously. Today, we are also reiterating our non-GAAP operating expense of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion. In summary, financially, we're executing on our strategy and prioritizing investment within our business to drive long-term growth. I would now like to open up the line to questions.
Ian F. Smith: Yes, Geoff, thanks for that. I'll just kind of bring it to the broader picture. Back in February, we did give OpEx guidance, total non-GAAP OpEx guidance of $1.09 billion to $1.15 billion. We are reiterating that today. The number that you point to though, the SG&A expenses, where we're approximately $80 million for Q1, I can see what you're doing. You're taking that and multiplying it by 4, and saying that may be just under the guidance we gave of $340 million to $360 million. We're still reiterating the $340 million to $360 million. I mean, we still are launching a -- what we believe is an important drug and still expanding into Europe. And so there are marketing expenses that go along with that. So we're reiterating the components of our guidance today as well, and that SG&A component, we see $340 million to $360 million.
Ian F. Smith: And Geoff, I'll just add, there is the other study that's in the other gating mutations, which has completed enrollment, and we anticipate seeing the first data from that in the second half of this year.
Ian F. Smith: Michael, we'll probably have a better understanding of the speed of enrollment when we're on our July quarterly conference call, and maybe we'll give some comments at that time.
Ian F. Smith: Rachel, just on your question that you asked, you did specifically mark it to the end of the year. But the way these studies progress is we do start a smaller study and expect to expand that study in the second half of this year. So as you look, as we go into 2014 and through 2014, we continue to accumulate patient experience. That's why we've made the statement we believe we'll be in pivotal development in 2014. It's not from the initial study, and it's not marked from the patients at the end of this year, which, as we go into 2014, we will have accumulated more patients.
Ian F. Smith: And then to your financial question, Rachel, to the milestone payments, we did make a payment of approximately $9.5 million this quarter or the first quarter in connection with our CF revenues. There are future milestones there, but we'll disclose those as we achieve them based on certain sales levels.
Ian F. Smith: Well, thanks, Mark, for the question. I'll take the tax question. And what I would say is, we've taken all the appropriate tax planning steps. We believe there's a lot of value in our CF franchise, and we believe that we're going to be global with the franchise. So we're taking all the appropriate tax steps at this point in time that our company should take and -- but to project out a tax rate at this point in time, I think, it's a little too early. I think as we get close to profit, then we'd be happy to start giving you some guidance towards that. But you can expect that the tax structuring for the company is that, we've taken the appropriate tax steps.
Ian F. Smith: We haven't disclosed where the royalties are actually paid, and we will at a future point later in development.
Ian F. Smith: Great, thanks, Liisa. Well, as usual, we don't get ahead of data that would be data in presentations that would be accepted at these major medical conferences. So we will be advising you of that at a future point in time. As far as the debt is concerned, we have $400 million of 2015 convertible debt. It does have provisional call features. It has a hard call provisional call after October 2013. That's if the stock trades above $48, then we can call with that. And then it also has a soft call feature. Sometimes people aren't aware of that, but it does have a soft call feature that if the debt trades just above $63 for 20 days out of 30, then we do have the opportunity, and we'll have the intent to convert it into equity. So we're happy with maybe having that opportunity in the near future to convert the debt into equity, which is all consistent with kind of the broad financial strategy of managing the P&L, the revenues to the operating expense and then managing the cash on the balance sheet and then also managing the debt on the balance sheet.
Ian F. Smith: I'll take the M&A question in the U.S., and Jeff will talk about the CF strategy. I mean, first of all, M&A and licensing and other things, they're tactics to the endgame. Clearly, if you're in a position where you can control the regimen, it's easier in terms of moving through development and also control of the commercialization of that regimen. However, I'd say, at this point in time, as we progress forward, you're seeing us execute on the strategy that we think we're looking to create the best regimen of what 135 is in the middle of, and we continue to execute around that and give ourselves multiple chances. And at this point, we're just going to continue along that strategy.
Ian F. Smith: And Phil, to the guidance, I'll just say again, we provided total revenue guidance. The only line item guidance we provided in revenues was to KALYDECO. We have accounted for what we see as the potential decline for patients initiating treatment. I actually mentioned that in my prepared remarks.
Ian F. Smith: And Salveen, I was just checking my notes. You mentioned what we will be doing for VX-983 in the second half of the year, and just a couple of weeks ago, when we had our call, we also talked about entering a combination study in patients with VX-983 and ivacaftor. So that would be in the second half as well. Whether we receive data from that, unsure at this point in time, that study has not started yet.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. So just with specific reference to the Q80 baseline variant, we are aware of those data. In the 2 studies, the 2 Phase III studies they reported, there appear to be some decrement in SVR in the patients with those variants at baseline. It wasn't dramatic, but probably, there was some decline. On the other hand, in combination with the nuke, it may well not really be a clinical issue, and obviously, that's something we'll evaluate in the initial studies. But it certainly doesn't change our strategy of working with simeprevir as part of our combination regimens.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. So for the non-G551D gating, that study is fully enrolled, so that one is well underway. The R117H study is still enrolling, although it's well along in its progress. And that, I think, is just a combination of -- it is still a pretty uncommon mutation, and so finding patients who meet the entry criteria is -- it just takes time, but I think we're making good progress there, and we expect enrollment to be finished some time soon.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. So we haven't really given any information on how quickly we expect to enroll. I think they will be rapid, the patients are highly interested. In general, first of all, we're recruiting a lot more patients into these 2 trials than we did with the KALYDECO study, so that will be a factor. And the other is that site startup tends to be more of a limiting factor in some respects than actual patient recruitment. Once the sites are up and running, they tend to recruit very quickly, and we're obviously doing as fast as we can to get all the sites up and running, but that tends to be kind of the more rate-limiting step.
Robert Kauffman: So this is Bob. I'll take the safety question. It's a little bit of a hard question to answer because obviously, these studies are ongoing, and we'll have varying lengths of safety data at any time point towards the end of the year.
Robert Kauffman: Not necessarily at that point, but we will be expanding these studies and starting additional trials, so that we'll be augmenting that safety database through the end of 2013, into early 2014 in order to get enough patients to go into Phase III.
Robert Kauffman: So I think you can kind of add up the timing. It probably will be in the, certainly in the first half of 2014 that we'll have that information. I expect to take that to regulatory agencies to gain approval for the pivotal program.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. Just, first of all, there are no drug interaction studies that we're required to do before we start the combination with daclatasvir. We'll just be measuring pharmacokinetics of the components in the first small cohort of patients that get started. And yes, the J&J timeline is really driven by the outcome of the drug interaction studies, which are ongoing, and once we have those data and can confirm the doses we're going to use, we'll be raring to go and ready to go into Phase II.
Robert Kauffman: So our strategy, obviously, is to have a number of collaborations, and we're moving forward with that. We've started a number of studies so far this year, and we've had the opportunity to start the daclatasvir study more rapidly based on BMS. However, we're now evaluating the initiation of remaining studies, and we'll be getting back to you with the timeline of that as they go forward.
Robert Kauffman: So hopefully, the answer is that's something we'll be discussing with the regulatory agencies once we have the initial data going forward. Our hope is that we will have made a substantial clearance of safety with those initial groups of patients, but obviously, the outcome will depend on our discussion with the regulators. So it's kind of hard to really answer that one definitively at this point.
Yaron Werber: So I just have a kind of a few questions, a little bit all over the place, but just starting with 135, just as a follow-up to a previous question, so it will be for Bob. So Bob, it sounds like you're going to have 40 or 60 patients by the end of the year of safety. That's going to be sort of the preliminary 12 weeks of safety that you need to do with the preliminary experience with 135 with another agent. So at some point during the year, you're going to enroll that into or broaden that into an expanded sort of cohort that's going to have, probably, I would imagine, 100 or 200-plus patients. Any sense when are you going to have the 12-week safety from that? Because that's going to be really gate limiting for starting Phase III. So that's going to be the first question, and then I have a follow-up.
Yaron Werber: Okay, second question just on KALYDECO, the $12 million O-U.S., can you give us a little bit of a sense how much of that was in Scotland? And I'm trying to see. Did you get anything at all in the U.K.? And I imagine Ireland was on board. I'm trying to get a sense, that $12 million, sort of which countries were onboard already.
Yaron Werber: Okay, great. And just a final question, does the CF Foundation get royalties? Just remind us on 661 and 809.
