Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks, Michael, and good evening, everyone. Our vision is to be a leader in discovering and developing therapies for cystic fibrosis and other serious diseases. We outlined the clear strategy over 2 years ago designed to establish a foundation for sustainable growth. And I'm happy to say, we are well along that path. Specifically, and more recently, clinical data presented at the North American CF Conference earlier this month showed just how far Vertex has come and supports our confidence in delivering more medicines to more CF patients. Our goal in CF is to reach the vast majority of people with CF and to continue to enhance the benefit for the patients that we treat. Let me summarize our recent progress. First, data presented at NACF in early October from the roll over study of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor showed sustained clinical benefits through 48 weeks of treatment and no new safety concerns, supporting the longer-term treatment for CF patients. We are on track to submit the NDA and MAA in the fourth quarter of this year for patients 12 and older with 2 copies of the Delta 508 mutation. Second, and also in early October, we provided an update to our VX-661 development plans. We now expect to initiate a pivotal Phase III program for VX-661 in combination with ivacaftor in the first half of 2015, pending regulatory discussions and data from the ongoing 12-week study in people with 2 copies of the Delta F508 mutation. We believe that VX-661 ivacaftor combination has the potential to benefit multiple patient populations and achieve a broad label. Third, last week, the FDA's Pulmonary Advisory Committee voted 13 to 2 to recommend approval of KALYDECO in people ages 6 and older who have the R117H mutation. This is an important step toward making ivacaftor available to the approximately 500 people in the U.S. ages 6 and older who have this mutation. And lastly, during the third quarter, we've strengthened our financial position by adding $300 million to our balance sheet through a new credit agreement. With approximately $1.5 billion in cash and the successful progression of our CF medicines, we are well-positioned for future growth. Our financial strength gives us the flexibility as we work to further enhance the treatment of cystic fibrosis and develop innovative new medicines to treat other serious diseases. In summary, we are transforming the treatment of cystic fibrosis with medicines that address the underlying cause of the disease. We are advancing our earlier stage science and pipeline, and we are positioning the company for sustainable revenue and earnings growth. I'll now hand the call over to Stuart.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: I think what we've said before -- this is Jeff Leiden, sorry, what we said before is we plan to have at least one and hopefully, more than one of those next generation, third-generation correctors in the clinic next year and, obviously, the development path for those will be Phase I study single-dose and multi ascending dose first to ensure safety then followed by combination studies. And so I think, you can sort of do the math, as well as we can in terms of how long these studies take, they'll look a lot like our initial studies of KALYDECO and 809. And obviously, our goal is to get to the combination trials in Phase II where we've been able to demonstrate efficacy with our other drugs as quickly as possible.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff Leiden. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we were quite pleased with the vote, and we think it reflects 2 things: one, the results of the trial, which we thought were quite clear; and two, I think a real understanding among the panel members that there -- our populations of patients at all ages, in other words all ages greater than 6, who are sick with CF and who can benefit from the drug. And we think that discussion was a very good and lively one and that the conclusion of the vote represented really those 2 factors.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Katherine, I'll take both of those questions, thanks. So as I mentioned earlier on the call, we're not really in a position to quantify the incremental investment in SG&A for 2015. Although I have to make comments as in -- and it's difficult without giving a number to say whether it's significant or insignificant as you may view it. But the way we look at this is that we're launching a very important medicine in the U.S. in the middle of next year, we hope. And therefore, we want to support that through awareness and also getting fast access to the drug. That's principally where the investment is. As you know, given the already high awareness for this combination medicine and the -- both from patients and physicians, the challenge for us in reaching patients as fast as possible is actually helping them with access. That's where the principal investment will be. This is not a typical drug launch where you've got consumer brand advertising. It's more about helping access to patients. And so we look at it as a spot launch. And as I said on earlier, we also look, as we go forward in future years, that we want to hold operating costs, those our R&D and SG&A expenses, to really get leverage off of growing revenue line, which creates the growing earnings and cash flow. And then the second question regarding, let's say, more of a broader business development strategy and how we think about combination medicines of those next generations that we have within Vertex. We are looking at the full field. It's the #1 priority in our business development efforts at this point in time. We do see opportunity, both internal, and we have multiple next-generation compounds that act in different ways that we may be able to combine with lumacaftor and ivacaftor or with 661. And so we have great opportunity there within Vertex. When we go outside the walls of Vertex, we also see opportunities and whether it's directly on target of how we think about CFTR modulation or whether it's with other complementary mechanisms, we see a couple of opportunities there as well. They tend to be earlier stage, but we do see opportunities, and I think hopefully, the other side of this is the other companies see opportunities of working with us given our advanced nature of our medicines to date.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I'll review the third quarter sales of KALYDECO that continued to reflect strong underlying demand driven by label and geographic expansion. I will also discuss how the commercial organization is preparing for the approval and launch of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. KALYDECO generated $127 million in product sales, including U.S. sales of approximately $74 million and x U.S. sales of approximately $53 million. Underlying demand and adherence in G551D patients continue to be strong, both in the U.S. and internationally. U.S. sales reflect continued uptake in the 8 additional mutations approved earlier this year, and $7 million of buying accelerated into the third quarter from the fourth quarter due to a change in our distribution model, which went into effect on October 1. This change provides scalability in anticipation of the larger F508del patient population. Due to this stocking in the third quarter, reported sales for the fourth quarter will be impacted. We expect to end this year with approximately 2,600 patients eligible for KALYDECO and momentum with multiple growth drivers going forward based on further geographic and label expansions. In Europe, we are working closely with national authorities to achieve reimbursement to make KALYDECO available to the approximately 200 people ages 6 and older who have 1 of 8 non-G551D gating mutations. In Canada, 6 provinces and territories have added KALYDECO to their public drug programs, and patients are beginning to initiate therapy. These provinces and territories account for approximately 80% of the 60 G551D patients who have public insurance in Canada. In Australia, the government recently announced that KALYDECO is expected to be listed on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme as of December 1. There are approximately 250 people with CF aged 6 years and older who are expected to be eligible for treatment with KALYDECO in Australia. In the U.S., the FDA Advisory Committee voted 13 to 2 in favor approval for KALYDECO in people with the R117H mutation ages 6 and older. The FDA is expected to make a decision on our application by December 30, 2014. We have also filed an MAA in the EU during the quarter. There are approximately 1,100 patients ages 6 and older with the R117H mutation around the world. And lastly, we submitted an NDA in the U.S. and an MAA in the EU for the approval of ivacaftor in children with CF ages 2 to 5 who have gating mutations. There are approximately 300 of these children with CF around the world. As we move through 2015, we expect that the number of patients eligible for KALYDECO will increase from 2,600 to nearly 4,000 by the end of 2015. Although, all eligible patients will not be on treatment next year, we expect significant growth in 2015. Now to the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor. We are on track to submit the NDA and MAA in the fourth quarter, and we will be requesting priority review in the U.S. If granted priority review by the FDA, the submission would qualify for an 8-month review and a potential mid-2015 launch in the U.S. There are approximately 22,000 people ages 12 and older who have 2 copies of the F508del mutation in North America, Europe and Australia, including approximately 8,500 in the United States and approximately 12,000 in Europe. We are expanding our infrastructure in anticipation of the launch and working to understand how CF centers plan to manage the increased volume of patients eligible for a CF modulator. In the U.S. we are in the process of hiring additional case managers who help providers and patients navigate the reimbursement process and help with patient education and compliance. Internationally, we have a plan in place to build out the required infrastructure in new markets to support the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination launch. In summary, we're pleased with the progress we are making with KALYDECO as it continues to be made available to more patients globally. Also, our launch preparations for the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination are well underway, and we look forward to bringing this transformational medicine to CF patients once approved. I'll now hand the call over to Ian.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, the first thing I would say is, actually, we were able to secure reimbursement for KALYDECO in Europe, I think really very quickly indeed. The U.K., although it's 5 separate countries, England we managed to secure reimbursement in about 7 months, which I would say is remarkably fast for an ultra-orphan product like KALYDECO, which I think is a testament to a couple of things, which I think do form the foundation of our learnings as we think about the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination. And the first one is this is a really serious illness with few treatment options. The second thing is that these are breakthrough medicines that treat the underlying cause of the disease and really work incredibly well in children and adults with CF. And so the combination of those 2 things, I think, is what has led us to be able to have very productive, challenging at times, but productive and ultimately successful reimbursement discussions.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: It's Stuart. Yes, it's a great question, and it is a topic that we've been discussing with CF centers recently, both here in the U.S. and internationally because it is a concern for them. And the reason why it's a concern for them is not because they're going to be seeing more patients than they currently are looking after. It's more to do with the fact that when you're initiating a new therapy, obviously there's a number of steps that you need to go through to initiate that new therapy. There'll be things you need to do in terms of working up the patient. There is -- probably one of their primary concerns is the administration associated with securing reimbursement and access and going through the approval process with whatever plan or reimbursement or authority might be covering that patient's prescription. So that's why one of the things that we're doing in terms of expanding our footprint is expanding, in the U.S. for instance, in our case management team. That case management team's primary role in life is helping providers and patients navigate the reimbursement and access kind of maze and also providing education and compliance support. And so that's one of the things that we're doing, and obviously we're going to be trying to do other things to really try and help smooth that administrative burden for the CF centers so that they can triage their patients onto a therapy as quickly as they want to.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, Liisa, obviously, it's premature to make any very specific comments about pricing the combination. I can tell you the sorts of factors that we're taking into account. The first one is how well the medicine works for children and adults with CF. As you know, it's a breakthrough medicine, which treats the underlying cause of the disease and as a result has kind of multiple benefits across a range of different dimensions, obviously, things like FEV1. But important aspects like exacerbations, hospitalizations, time in hospital, things that we know are of great concern and high value to patients, payers and to patients. So the first determiner really is how well the medicine works. The second one is the size of the population that we're hoping to benefit. The third area is really reflecting the time and expense that have taken us to develop the combination. And then lastly, is our ability to continue on our mission, which is to continue to bring transformative medicines to patients who need them in cystic fibrosis and also in other conditions where they are equally serious where there's very few treatment options. So really, those are the 3 or 4 things that we'll be taking into account as we think about the price of the lumacaftor/ivacaftor combination.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And on the reimbursement in Australia. The specific terms of our agreement in Australia are obviously confidential. What I can tell you is that we've reached an agreement where all eligible patients will have access to KALYDECO and that no patient types are going to be excluded from reimbursement and also no patients are going to have their access for therapy interrupted as a result of stopping rules. And that's really consistent with our belief that patients should only be discontinuing treatment if they and their physician think that's the best clinical decision for them.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes. In terms of persistence and compliance with KALYDECO, Liisa, not entirely sure what you've heard anecdotally. But if I look at it kind of holistically, across all of the markets where we've introduced KALYDECO, there is a very, very low level of discontinuation. Certainly, discontinuations for efficacy being too good and also, we see very, very high compliance rates up in the 80%, which for a chronic medication is as high as I've ever seen personally. So whilst you might have heard some of these things anecdotally, I think big picture, when you look at it on a population basis, persistence and compliance are both very, very high with KALYDECO.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: There was some data presented at NACFC, and we are able to talk with some of that -- about some of that data to insurers and reimbursement authorities and have been talking with them about the data that we have on KALYDECO and its long-term benefits for some time. So yes, we have, and I think that data is always appreciated by them as, obviously, this is a chronic medication for a chronic condition. So that information is certainly of some value to them as they can see the consistency and durability of responses that we see and also the ability that KALYDECO has demonstrated to be able to change the natural course of the disease.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yes, thanks. I think it's important when thinking about gating to put a few things into context. So the first one is that the additional gating mutations account for somewhere around 400 patients worldwide, about 250 of which are in the EU. So it's a relatively small number of patients. The other thing to know about the patients with additional gating mutations is that some of them are in markets where KALYDECO has already been reviewed by their health technology assessment agencies like, for instance, England. But many of those patients are in new markets where KALYDECO really hasn't gone through a full reimbursement assessment. That's because they have such a small number of G551D patients. A good example there would be Italy. So it really is going to be negotiated on a country-by-country basis. The last thing I would say is that we do know that KALYDECO in these additional gating mutations performs pretty much identically to how it performs in G551D patients. And so the value proposition, if you want to describe it that way, is really the same in gating patients as it is in the G551D population.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So yes. So that was actually the answer I gave on the prior question, which is, yes, we -- I start, first of all, inside Vertex, which is we have multiple next-generation correctors. And as you know, we have a great belief in our HBE assays. And so we're doing all the usual work there. They've tended to translate right into clinical results. And then as we go outside of Vertex, there are a number of companies that have, a couple of companies have a similar approach to ourselves and those could be interesting. And we need to compare those opportunities with what we have internally in terms of adding next-generation type molecules to the portfolio. And then I would say there are other mechanisms that would be complementary to our approach that may provide additive benefit. And so we give consideration to those as well. I appreciate you pointing out the strong balance sheet. That gives us our opportunity to participate in these opportunities. And we hope to bring more information to you in the future on this.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: So I haven't specifically done that math. But if there is something that's driving the non-KALYDECO, the only thing I would start with the only non-KALYDECO revenue items are collaborative revenues and royalties. And the significant transaction this year that's contributing to that line is the outlicensing of VX-787, the flu molecule, to J&J.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So on your questions, for R117H, we did file for greater than 18. As you may know, the -- there are differences in how regulatory agencies in the EU and the U.S. think about data for pediatrics. We now have been gone through the AC and we can engage in a little bit in that conversation with them, but that was the filing. In terms of the 661 ivacaftor program, we do choose a dose and the dose is 100 milligrams of 661 and the standard 150 twice daily for ivacaftor.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: No, I think that the expectation is that it's going to focus on greater than 18. But, of course, we're going to have the discussion because of the need for patients as we spoke about with the U.S. Advisory Committee. I really can't predict more than that.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz again. So I think really what we're looking forward to there is 2 things. One is to get confirmation in what we've been seeing already in 4-week data, and the other, of course, is that this is the longest period of time that we'll have studied the combination. So we'll also be confirming that the favorable safety profile continues. I don't think there's any one number.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff Chodakewitz. I think maybe a couple of comments. I think, in terms of factors or -- that we're looking for information from, I think you hit on the 2 main ones. Of course, we're going to -- as we were just talking about, get the data from our 12-week study. And then importantly, we need to speak about our plans with regulatory agencies. So I think that, that's really -- those are going to be the big drivers, and we think that, that will be consistent with our first half start, as Jeff Leiden has said. I think in terms of the patients who have already KALYDECO use indicated for them, I think what we're really doing is building off the observation that we had in our Phase II study. And you may remember that where we had patients who had a G551D mutation on 1 allele, and we're already taking KALYDECO, but also had a F508del mutation on the other allele. And in that study, we're able to show by randomizing patients to 661 or placebo that those patients got incremental benefit, which we think was an important observation. I think the details of the study really still, of course, needs to be worked through, as I said, with regulatory agencies.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff. I think, we really just don't know yet. That's a determination that the FDA will make during the review process.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's Jeff. I'll take the first part and then turn it over to Stuart. I think that the reasons for going directly as we've talked about to the [indiscernible] population are a couple. One is that the -- there are some characteristics about 661 that are somewhat different than 809, which we think could convey a benefit. Secondly, that in some of the clinical studies that we perform to date in Phase II, there are some signals that there's some potential advantages for 661. And then the third part is really the medical need for those patients. So it really is we've recognized a higher risk group of patients, but it's a group of patients that don't have access right now to a therapy that's directed at the underlying cause of the disease. And so we think it's valuable to find out whether 661 with ivacaftor can offer a benefit. The last thing I would just note is that the way we're restructuring the program is that there really are 4 different studies. And so even if we're hoping that, that study will work for patients, but if it doesn't, there's still then multiple pivotal trials to support filing and approval.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: We appreciate you dialing in tonight. If there are additional questions, the Investors Relations team is in the office and can take your call. Thanks, and have a good night.
Liisa A. Bayko: Okay. And then just, again, coming off of the NACFC conference, there was quite a bit of discussion about reimbursement. How are you thinking about pricing from the combination relative to ivacaftor, both domestically and other territories? If you can just provide us a framework.
Liisa A. Bayko: Okay, great. And then, just a final question about your guidance. It looks like when we take out some of the one-time kind of events, it's flat... [Technical Difficulty]
Liisa A. Bayko: I just wanted to understand the guidance. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, it looks a little flattish when we take out some of the one-time events. And so I'm wondering if we could -- if you could just comment on that. And then maybe in the context of that, are you seeing any sort of discontinuations? I heard anecdotally that patients feel so good that sometimes they don't need to take their medications. I just wanted to ask if you've kind of -- if there is some sort of discontinuation rate or lack of compliance.
