Ian F. Smith: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening to everyone. I'm pleased to review with you our third quarter 2018 financial results and to discuss our outlook for future financial growth as we approach 2019. Revenues first. Total CF product revenues of $783 million in the third quarter of 2018 represent a 42% increase compared to the $550 million we recorded in the third quarter 2017. We continue to see significant revenue growth as we increase the number of patients treated with our medicines globally. The third quarter included $255 million in revenues from the launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S., which is the primary driver of the rapid growth in our total CF revenues. Demand for SYMDEKO remains strong and we continue to receive positive feedback from patients and physicians and strong coverage for SYMDEKO across both public and private payers. Similar to prior quarters, demand for SYMDEKO has come from all groups of eligible patients, F508del homozygous patients initiating treatment for the first time, patients who discontinued ORKAMBI coming back to initiate therapy with SYMDEKO, and also patients switching from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO. Our third quarter 2018 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $379 million compared to $334 million in the third quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to the advancement of our portfolio of triple combination regimens for CF and the investment to support the treatment of patients with our medicines globally. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2018 was $282 million, with an earnings per share of $1.09, compared to non-GAAP net income of $136 million, with an earnings per share of $0.53 for the third quarter of 2017. Our non-GAAP net income and EPS has more than doubled compared to last year, largely driven by strong growth in the total CF product revenues. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared to $2.1 billion at the beginning of this year. Today, we also reiterated our guidance for total CF product revenues of $2.9 billion to $3 billion and for combined non-GAAP, R&D, and SG&A expenses of $1.5 billion to $1.55 billion. I will close with a few comments on our expectations for future financial growth and how we anticipate providing revenue guidance next year as well as how we may start to record non-cash tax charges. We have already created a strong financial profile for our business, and we anticipate that our revenues will continue to grow next year. In 2019, revenue growth will be based largely on the impact of SYMDEKO and SYMKEVI launches, the impact of labor expenses across our CF portfolio, and the recent completion of multiple reimbursement agreements. The timing of further revenue growth from countries where we do not currently have reimbursement for ORKAMBI is unpredictable. Therefore, when we provide 2019 guidance for total CF revenues early next year, it will be based only on the geographies where we have established reimbursement agreements at that date. If we gain additional reimbursement agreements in 2019, we will update you on our guidance as appropriate. This is consistent with how we provided guidance at the beginning of 2018. Beyond 2019, continued revenue growth will be driven largely by the potential approval and launch of a triple combination medicine for the large group of patients with one minimal function mutation and one F508del mutation who are not eligible for our currently approved medicines. Now to taxes, I'll note that in 2019 we may begin recording a non-cash tax provision at an effective tax rate in the low to mid-20s as a result of the improving profitability of our business and our future strong financial outlook. The vast majority of our tax provision would be a non-cash expense until we fully utilize our net operating losses. This will be further discussed in our 10-Q filing. The financial profile of our business is strong, and the coming year will be an important period to define our future growth as we obtain Phase 3 data from our triple combination regimens for CF, provide access to each of our CF medicines to more patients globally, progress multiple new medicines in development, and also to advance new approaches for the treatment of serious diseases from research into development. I look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I will open the line to questions.
Ian F. Smith: Thanks for the question, Phil, and thanks for the comment on the good quarter. I do want to replay some of the comments I just made, which is that when we think about 2019, first of all, we see 2019 as being a continued growth year for our revenues. When we look over the previous years and we look over future years, I think what we're seeing here is we're treating more patients or treating more patients globally, and therefore, that's driving our revenue line year on year and into the future, and so it's a really nice profile. As we think about more proximately in time and we think about going from 2018 into 2019, we should continue to see growth even without reimbursement outside the U.S., and that growth would be driven by the continued launch of SYMDEKO in the U.S. and getting a full year's contribution for patients that are on drug. But then also outside of the U.S., SYMDEKO, which is known as SYMKEVI outside the U.S., is also launching into certain markets where it is already reimbursed. So we see baseline growth from already approved geographies. More specifically to your question, as in where the geographies that we could anticipate or possibly attain reimbursement approval, to have an impact in terms of growth on our revenues, it would have to be those larger markets. And principally, those would be either the UK, France, or Canada. I do want to replay, though, that this is unpredictable in terms of timing, and in particular, in the UK, which is probably the – it is the second largest CF market. If we are to obtain reimbursements over there, then we are launching the drug from anew, so we're in a launch curve in the UK. It's not that we're just switching on a large pause of revenue. We have to launch the drugs in the UK. We continue to make good progress with discussions with all three of those countries. However, resolution, whether it is in 2019 or whether it's in 2020, we'll update you as we progress.
Ian F. Smith: Hey, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I really appreciate you pointing out that we've got this continued investment and commitment to CF. I just want to cover that because we do sometimes get asked the question whether when we deliver on these Phase 3 trials, are we declining our investment in CF? And I actually we want to maintain the position that we're not. We continue to invest in CF. In fact, those patients that were in our Phase 3 studies roll over to open-label studies. Those open-label studies we have found to be incredibly important because we gather longitudinal data to show the benefit of these medicines longer term. We're also doing studies in the younger patients and so we're able to treat these children at much younger ages of their lives. And so our commitment and investment to CF into these medicines that we believe will be hugely beneficial to them is maintained. So, if you could think about that as a steady state part of our R&D investment and then as we think about advancing our pipeline in other disease areas beyond cystic fibrosis, we are happy to be letting you -- we'll bring you more up-to-date with how we're advancing new medicines into the clinic in these new disease areas that Jeff just referred to earlier. The investment in these disease areas is smaller in magnitude, it's earlier stage, but it is additional investments and therefore, when you compare a 2018 operating expense profile to a 2019 operating expense profile, you should see a relatively small increase compared to the increase we anticipate on the revenue line. So yeah, we do like to anticipate operating to increase. And then one last thing I would say is that you got to remember, we're also launching medicines globally, not just where it's been in the U.S. and therefore, there are launch costs that are being incurred outside of the U.S., not significant because of the nature of the disease and how we can reach these patients with our medicines, but there is investments there as well. So, you should expect to see operating expense margin increase in 2019 compared to 2018, but the key will be the revenue growth which will allow us to continue to generate more cash flow.
Ian F. Smith: And as far as capital allocation is concerned, it's really interesting. I can tell you that being in the company has invested mainly and it's been about capital preservation for a long period of time in the last three years. We're now a cash accumulator and creator and it's about capital allocation. It is an interesting philosophical change for the company. But I'd like to start by saying that revenue line is the main source of cash and because after that, we then allocate inside the company on our internal programs. That's often not thought about until the capital allocation, but the main source of capital is our revenue line and then we allocate that internally. And as you can hear, in terms of the questions we were asked on operating expense earlier, we still allocate significant amount of capital towards cystic fibrosis medicines, but also now, we're starting to allocate capital to diseases that are beyond cystic fibrosis and we're really happy about that. Some of those opportunities that are beyond cystic fibrosis are our next order of priority, which is we're allocating capital outside the company towards collaborations and towards medicines that we can accelerate into developments and some of the opportunities we have with beta thalassemia and also sickle cell have been a product of a very successful, a nice collaboration with CRISPR Therapeutics and we're really excited to be going into the clinic very shortly with these medicines, both sickle cell and beta thalassemia. And we anticipate that there will be others to follow. The medicines for FSGS, for example, was something that we in-licensed from a very early stage a couple years ago and -- but what it allowed us to do is to really reignite a research effort in that area is now providing the opportunity to go into the clinic in a very short period of time, a very important medicine. So that -- it's a high order priority for us to allocate capital outside the company to do collaborations to give us opportunity with more modalities and more medicines for diseases that we would be interested in. But I would say there is also a consideration for how we may also limit the increase of our share count. Our share count – outstanding shares, does increase year by year based on the issuance and exercise of options and restricted stock. And so we like to think of ways that we may limit that creep in outstanding shares and we've been doing that throughout this year. We did announce earlier this year that we entered in a $500 million share buyback program and we have been buying shares back throughout this year and that's been very successful for us as well and therefore has limited the creep in the outstanding shares, which obviously helps us with a small amount on the dilution. And so that's how we think about capital allocation. It's very important, very close to us, and we're happy that we have the opportunity to prioritize it in this way.
Ian F. Smith: And, Cory, to your disclosure question, well, we've just started recruiting patients of these studies and I think the next disclosure we'll provide you would be kind of an update of where we are on the recruitment. We'd anticipate dosing first patient probably around towards the end of this year, early next year. And then once we have a number of patients in the study, we'd anticipate a disclosure of data from the study later on next year. But that would probably be timed with multiple patients in both studies and – so being on therapy or, let's say, have had the procedure for a certain duration of time.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. As you know, we don't typically comment individual competitors or data. I think actually the data sort of speaks for itself. But what I would like to comment on is sort of how we view our competitive position and our data and sort of where we are in the process. And I think we've learned a lot over the last year. In fact, I think our competitive position has improved over the last year significantly. One of the things we've learned is that it's going to be a world of triples, and it's going to be a world of triples pretty quickly. And the reason for that is that in order to really get to all patients, particularly to have men patients who are so difficult to treat and to maximize benefit for the homozygous patients, it's pretty clear now that you need a triple, any company needs a triple. And that doesn't only mean you have three components. It means you have three medicines that can be combined, co-formulated, that have the right PK that can provide really superior efficacy, and I think the bar in efficacy has gone up very significantly and we'll talk about that in a minute. And also important is that they're tolerable and safe. These are medicines that kids are going to take for the rest of their lives. And we learned a lot about our regimens in that regard in the last year. We know that we have two different triple regimens that are now have been in hundreds of patients. They are co-formulatable, they do have the right PK, they raised the bar in efficacy very significantly into the double digits for -- to have men patients and into the mid double digits for the homozygous patients, that's going to be the bar, I think, for the future. And most importantly to us, we're well into our Phase 3 trials, which are enrolling ahead of schedule to the point where we're very confident we'll be able to file one of those regimens no later than mid next year, which would allow us to launch those drugs and get patients on them pretty quickly in the coming years. And so I think from our perspective, we like where we are, we have multiple options and most importantly, we have clinical data both on efficacy and on safety with these drugs, which is a high bar, frankly.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, this is Jeff Leiden. You're right. I think that at the point we can pick these triples, the primary data that we'll base that on is FEV1 data and safety and tolerability data as well as the whole profile of these drugs. Remember, we have a lot of preclinical and early clinical data as well. I think the good thing is, is there hasn't been enormous disparity between many of those long-term outcomes and short-term outcomes, and what I mean by that is that, at least, in our experience so far, drugs that have a very positive acute effect on FEV1 and a lowering sweat chloride is significant, acutely have also turned out to have these very profound, long-term effects. And, in fact, as you know, one of the interesting things is that KALYDECO and, say, ORKAMBI, which have a bit different acute profiles, ORKAMBI being less potent acutely, actually have very similar long-term profiles, which suggest that if you can really hit CFTR effectively in these patients, you will get the long-term benefit. So, I think the risk of a disconnect between an acute effect and a long-term effect is rather small. Now, obviously, we will have the long-term effects of both of these drugs within a relatively short period of time, but you're right. Probably not by the time we decide which one to file.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yeah, yeah. So you may remember, the study that we did in acute bunionectomy, it's actually I would call it a proof-of-mechanism study because it was the first time anybody had shown that a NaV1.8 inhibitor could work in acute pain. And so we actually used a fairly high dose there just to make sure that we were getting up to a reasonable exposure. You also know that before you can move into Phase 3, regulators will require you to do a dose-ranging study really to understand two things: one, what is the PK/PD profile of the drug; and frankly, two, what is the lowest effective dose because you always want to give the lowest fully effective dose. And so think of this as just a standard part of the Phase 2 regulatory process where we need to identify the PK/PD profile of the lowest effective dose, and that would then enable us to go to the agency with a plan for a pivotal trial, again, assuming that it's successful.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Sure. Sure. Yeah, let me maybe give you a little context on the disease, if you don't mind. It might take me a minute. One of the remarkable things about AAT is how similar – it smells and looks a lot like CF in many, many different ways. It's a genetic disease. It affects somewhere between 60,000 and 100,000 people in the U.S. and probably about another 50,000 to 60,000 outside the U.S. It's caused by one major mutation in more than 90% of people, and it's a protein folding disorder as it turns out, just like CF is, which is a remarkable similarity. In this case, the normal protein, AAT, is made in the liver and is normally secreted into the blood, where it travels to the lung and it protects the lung against autodigestion essentially by endogenous enzymes. So in the disease, the mutant protein has two problems. One, it doesn't fold correctly and accumulates in the liver, and so it causes significant liver disease actually in up to 30% of all the patients. And two, obviously it's not secreted into the blood, so it's unable to go to the lungs and protect the lung. And so if the lung gets autodigested, that means patients suffer from early-onset emphysema. So, that's the disease. The challenge is, for us, was could we make a corrector, a small molecule corrector of AAT just as we had for CFTR that would essentially refill the protein in the liver so it would be secreted from the liver and therefore presumably help treat the liver disease, and more importantly, that would secrete functionally into the blood where it would go to the lung and protect the lung. That was the challenge. It's a very hard problem, I could tell you, biological problem. I think we've cracked that problem now. We've made a series of small molecule correctors that clearly do both of those things. They refold the protein so it's secreted, and it's secreted in a functional form so that it could protect the lung. One of the really nice things in this disease is that there is both a cell or several cell models. And there's also, in this case, an animal model which we didn't have in CF of which the human mutation has been engineered into the animal. And so we've been able to test these molecules both in the cells and in the animals, and they do what we thought they would do. They refold the protein. It's secreted from the cells. In the animals, they produce secreted AAT at levels that would be sufficient to essentially be preventative or curative in the disease. And then the other thing that's very similar to CF is this is a nice biomarker, which is simply the circulating levels of AAT in the serum. You can treat the patients for several weeks and just measure both levels and function of the AAT in the serum. And we know from human experiments of nature essentially that if you have a certain level of AAT in the serum, you don't get the disease. And so we know exactly what we're shooting for here and we can measure it very easily. And so the plan is take this into normal healthies by the end of this year, the first of these molecules, and we have a whole series of them just like we did the CFTR correctors. And that if they are safe and more tolerable, (33:43) once we understand the PK, take them into patients. And again, with relatively small numbers of patients treated for relatively short periods of time, you simply measure AAT in the serum and you know exactly where you are.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Geoff, thanks. I'll answer the first part, and Stuart then, of course, will answer the second part. On the first part, I do want to just correct what may have been a misimpression of what I said or maybe I said the wrong thing, but I want to be very clear. I don't think mid-teens is the bar, for instance, for het/min patients. I think the bar that we've set, as you know from the data, is somewhere between 9.8% and 13.8% in our Phase 2 data for het/mins. And for homozygous patients who already have an effect from doubles that we believe (35:33) was around 4%, we showed an additional 9.6% or 10% improvement, which is how I get to that mid-teens. So I just want to be clear that I'm not suggesting 15% is the bar that you need for het/mins to get to be successful. With respect to sweat chloride, I think these are approximate numbers. But I think when you reach sweat chloride that approaches carrier levels, which is our goal, let's say 40 to 50, that's probably the goal that you know you're there with a triple. And so I think those are the two numbers we look at. In most cases but not in all cases, they correlate pretty well. And at the end of the day, as you know, the regulatory endpoint is going to be the FEV1.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And, Geoff, maybe just to add one thing that I know you are aware of is we talked about the efficacy side of these triples, but clearly, tolerability and safety is the other side of the equation and long-term tolerability and safety, not one week or two weeks and so I think that's going to be an important thing that we'll all look at as well as these trials progress.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yeah. Thanks for the question. We were actually quite excited about that collaboration. As you know, one of the principles of our research effort is to really, I mean, work on what we call highly validated targets. There's really two major ways you validate targets. One is pharmacologically with medicines. That's actually the minority, by the way, and the second is human genetics where mutations either gain a function or loss of function will tell you a lot about the role-specific targets. A beautiful example of that is NaV1.7 and NaV1.8, which were validated by human genetics, obviously, CFTR, et cetera. The collaboration of Genomics, who we believe is the leading small company in the world working on this kind of high throughput human genetics, will allow us to screen for new targets on the one hand through large scale data analysis of human genetic databases. But also, it will allow us to ask questions, for instance, about the potential side effects of hitting a specific target because we can screen the human population for mutation from that the target, which is a loss of function, for example, and ask are those people normal or not until they suffer from any mechanism-based side effects. That's a far a very important thing to know as we begin to pick targets and develop small molecules. So think about it as a way of tapping into the human genetic data resource that both help pick targets and help screen for safety and that collaboration is off to a very nice start in a number of different diseases.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Thanks for the question. There's two kinds of models that are generally used. These are not by the way necessarily proprietary to us. One is the set of cell-based models in which either derived from patients or derived from engineered cells with the human gene mutation in them which is the major AAT mutation. And in those cells, the mutant protein is made, it's misfolded, it's not secreted and so one can test molecules on those cells as to do they help refold protein secreted as a function, et cetera. The other one is there is a transgenic model which is actually expresses the human mutant protein. Again that protein is not secreted well. It accumulates in the liver of those mice and one can dose those mice with medicine and then ask if the protein's secreted as a function or what levels do you reach, et cetera. So two very nice models which we feel actually will be highly predictive because they do to actually study the human mutation not some mouse mutation.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff. I'll take the first one in terms of the amplifier. Again, we really don't comment on other people's specific molecules. One of the things that we like about our triple and our correctors are we know that they're quite specific for the CFTR protein which is I think one of the reasons – they're quite selective, if you will, they don't hit other proteins, one of the reasons why they've been so tolerated and so I think as we look at – as you look at other molecules, that issue of specificity and potency is a very important thing to look at.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yeah. Maybe I'll take both of those real quickly. I think the question you're trying to get at with the triple, but correct me if I'm wrong is are we seeing bronchoconstriction as we saw with ORKAMBI, the answer is no. We actually measured that specifically not only in terms of cough or anything else. So we do not see bronchoconstriction with the triple and we did not see it with tez/iva, as you remember. But I think the more important point, Brian, is just looking at the total tolerability and safety profile of these drugs now in a couple hundred patients. What we're seeing is they're quite clean. They look a lot like the earlier drugs. ORKAMBI excepted, they don't have the bronchoconstriction and they've been very well-tolerated and very safe so far. Does that answer your question? I just want to make sure that was the question you're asking.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So maybe just again, let me take a step back and remind you that the approach that we're taking in pain, actually not unlike the approach we've taken in CF and the approach we're taking in AAT is to create a portfolio of molecules, not one, not single rifle shots, but multiple molecules that have different properties, both with respect to things like potency but also with respect to things like PK biodistribution, drug-drug interactions, et cetera, and then take those molecules forward into early-stage clinical development to understand their profiles more fully. Obviously, VX-150 we have the most data on. We know that it's well-tolerated. We know that it has efficacy, at least at these higher doses, in acute pain and in osteoarthritis, and we'll get a readout on the third kind of pain, neuropathic pain, early next year. VX-128 was a follow-on molecule, if you will, with some different properties than VX-150. We discontinued development of VX-128 in Phase 1 healthy volunteers because it didn't have the PK profile and tolerability improvement that we were hoping to see over VX-150. We have multiple additional 1.8 inhibitors coming behind that, and so you should expect to see us bring other inhibitors into early clinical development, the same way trying to optimize these molecules. Remember, in acute pain, you're going to need molecules that are highly efficacious and also highly safe and highly tolerable. We don't want to create molecules that have liabilities like opioids.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yeah, Mike, and on the question of what do we think the triple combinations might do to the doublets, certainly, if we see the sort of results in Phase 3 that we saw in Phase 2 in the homozygous population where, as you know, we saw the triple combinations deliver very, very substantial increases in clinical benefit over and above a baseline of tezacaftor and ivacaftor. If those results hold true, then our expectation would be that the vast majority of patients would be transferred to a triple combination rather than staying on a doublet just given the significant benefit risk improvement that we saw in those Phase 2 studies.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Geoff, it's Stuart here. Just commenting on the SYMDEKO launch in the U.S., so as you suggested, one of the most important things for us, for SYMDEKO is the ability to get patients who were not being treated by ORKAMBI onto a CFTR modulator, and that was really two populations. One was those who were completely naïve, had never been exposed to ORKAMBI, and we've seen good uptake in that population. And the second population was those who had discontinued ORKAMBI, often because of the respiratory adverse events, and we've also seen good uptake in that patient population as well. We've also seen a number of patients switch from ORKAMBI to SYMDEKO. So we've seen strong uptake in all those patient populations. We're certainly not done with the launch whilst we've seen good uptake, Geoff. We're certainly not done. We haven't flattened out on SYMDEKO uptake in the U.S. yet so we still have some ways to go, but we're certainly pleased with how the launch has gone so far.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Terence, Stuart here. On pricing for the triples, obviously, much too early to make any specific comments, but we'll be taking into account the same factors that we always do and that will be the magnitude of the clinical benefit that we're able to deliver for patients. It will be the label that we get approved for and that obviously leads into what's the eligible patient population. So those are really going to be the inputs that we take into consideration and obviously, we'll get more information on those in the coming months.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: And then in terms of the SYMDEKO uptaking, obviously, we're very pleased with how it's gone to date. Predicting exactly where it's going to reach full penetration is hard to do, but you can rest assured that when we get the point of giving 2019 guidance, we'll be including our expectations in that how SYMDEKO is going to perform in the U.S. and then also hopefully by then we'll have the approval of SYMKEVI in Europe as well and we'll incorporate all that in our 2019 guidance.
