Charles Wagner: Thanks, Stuart. Vertex is off to an excellent start in 2022 as our R&D pipeline continued to deliver significant milestones, and we again delivered strong financial performance in the first quarter. First quarter total product revenues were $2.1 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the first quarter of 2021. Our growth was again primarily driven by new patients coming on therapy compared to the prior year, including continued robust uptake of KAFTRIO internationally, following expanded reimbursement access in a number of geographies over the past year as well as continued growth of TRIKAFTA in the U.S. Our first quarter 2022 combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses were $687 million compared to $531 million in Q1 2021. The year-over-year increase in expenses was driven by increased research costs and investments in our advancing pipeline with multiple programs now in mid- and late-stage development. Additionally, we continue to make investments in CTX001 pre-commercial activities in anticipation of regulatory filing by the end of this year. Starting in the first quarter of 2022 and going forward, consistent with reporting practices that have been recently adopted by peer companies, we no longer exclude, from our non-GAAP results, research and development charges from upfront or contingent milestone payments in connection with collaborations, asset acquisitions or the licensing of third-party IP. We have also updated prior year reported non-GAAP figures to be consistent with the new basis of presentation. This change in reporting affects only our non-GAAP numbers and the impacts on reported results for Q1 '22 and Q1 '21 were not material. Our continued strong revenue growth, combined with our efficient operating model resulted in Q1 non-GAAP operating margin of 56% and non-GAAP operating income of $1.17 billion, an increase of 16% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 22%. We ended the quarter with $8.2 billion in cash and short-term investments as we continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet profile. Now to guidance. We are maintaining our previously issued guidance for full year 2022 CF product revenue and non-GAAP effective tax rate. We are adjusting our guidance for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses to reflect the change in reporting of upfronts and milestones as I described moments ago. Specifically, our guidance for total CF product revenue remains at $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion. At the midpoint, this is a year-over-year increase of approximately $1 billion or 12% growth. Non-GAAP operating expenses are now projected in a range of $2.82 billion to $2.92 billion, including potential upfront and milestone payments from existing or ongoing collaborations. Finally, we continue to project a non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%. As we look out to the remainder of the year and into 2023, we have a number of important pipeline milestones that will demonstrate our continued progress, and these are shown on Slide 16 of the webcast. In summary, we are on track for our 8th consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth in 2022. The CF business is strong, and we have invested to maintain leadership in CF for the long term. At the same time, we are now going through an inflection point as a company well on our way to diversifying Vertex into new disease areas beyond CF as the broad pipeline of potentially transformative medicines advances. As a result, our unique business strategy, which enables significant reinvestment in internal and external innovation while sustaining high profitability leaves us exceptionally well positioned for further significant value creation over time. We look forward to updating you further as we progress through the year. Let's now open the call to questions.
Charles Wagner: Yes. Thanks for the question. As we've mentioned previously, it's not at all uncommon for us to see channel inventory and patient inventory fluctuations quarter-to-quarter on the order of magnitude of $20 million to $50 million. We called out an inventory increase in the fourth quarter. We did see some destocking in the first quarter. We just didn't call it out specifically.
Charles Wagner: Yes. Evan, thanks for the question. Again, just to remind folks, the reiterated guidance for revenue, $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion sets us up for another really strong year. That's $1 billion above 2021 and 12% growth. As we reiterated the guidance, we considered a number of puts and takes. Australia, of course, is good news that we've had this year. We also consider things like inventory fluctuations in FX, which is a very modest headwind. And all of that taken together, we feel is accurately captured in the $200 million range between the low end and the high end of guidance.
Charles Wagner: Yes. It's pretty modest. Two-thirds of our revenues are in the U.S., one-thirds ex U.S. We have a very active and very effective hedging program that blunt some of the impact of foreign exchange changes. And so for us, with -- again, with sort of a baseline 12% growth rate, the relative impact of FX is pretty modest and very small compared to some of our peers.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Cory, with regard to the 147 program, the key features of the study design are that it's a singular Phase II/III study. It is a study that will enroll the broad population, so the full 100,000 patients that could be eligible for this drug. And the third feature of the study is the 1 you asked about. We have built in a prespecified interim analysis at the 48-week time point. And if that analysis is positive, that provides the pathway to accelerated approval. The relationship between proteinuria, that's what we studied in Phase II is very tight, high correlation with EGFR, which is a measure of renal function. And the reason I have such high confidence in the interim analysis is because the reduction in proteinuria that we saw in Phase II is an unprecedented 47.6% in this very specific and a very aggressive form of AMK called FSGS. So with that 47.6% reduction in proteinuria and you do the translations to what you would expect in terms of GFR. What I come out with is a high confidence level for the interim analysis. That was why it was so important that these 3 features that I mentioned were agreed upon with the agency when we went to them at the end of Phase II meeting.
Reshma Kewalramani: Jason, there's a few different questions in there. Let me try to parse it out into pain and how we see CTX001. On CTX001, we've been very pleased with the momentum that we've seen in the study. As I said in my prepared remarks, the enrollment is complete. We've dosed more than 75 patients we've secured really every regulatory designation available prime RMAT orphan here and in Europe. And we are planning forward for our filing towards the tail end of this year. On the pain program, let me make 2 comments, and I'm going to turn it over to Stuart to give you some more color. We see acute pain and neuropathic pain as fully Vertexian. I don't feel the same way about musculoskeletal pain or something like back pain or knee pain or some such pain that will categorize as musculoskeletal. That being said, based on the pharmacologic validation with our own VX-150 and the genetic validation, I do expect this mechanism to be effective across the 3 pain states. Stuart, a little more color on the commercialization.
Reshma Kewalramani: I'm going to start on AMKD, and then I'll ask Stuart to provide some color on the patients for both sickle cell disease and beta thalassemia for the CTX001 program. Robyn, the key criteria for entry into the AMKD study is proteinuria, reduced renal function and 2 APOL1 alleles by genotyping. The actual genotyping test is fairly simple. It's a simple blood test, but you are right that it is not commonly performed. And the reason it's not commonly performed is because before now, we didn't really have anything to offer our patients who had APOL1-mediated kidney disease. Recognizing that, we've added some features into our Phase II/III clinical trial to ensure that we will have the kind of enrollment that we seek and that we can bring this medicine forward with speed. The first is it's a global study with many sites up and running in the U.S. and in the EU. The second is all patients are on standard of care. So there is no patient who is going to have to go on to placebo to be part of the study. This is a study where 1 arm gets standard of care plus VX-147 and the other arm gets standard of care. And third, we have a concurrent genotyping study up and running where patients can get genotyped and they can, if they wish, then enroll in the Phase II/III study. I think that those measures are going to be very helpful as we make progress on the enrollment. Stuart, I'm going to turn it over to you for CTX001 and patients that you see.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Mike, with regard to enrollment, it is really simply too early to comment on enrollment dynamics for VX-147. We presented and shared the Phase II data just in December and the Phase III started just 3 months after that in March. So a little too early to call. But as I commented, I think the genotyping study, the number of trial sites that we are opening around the globe and the fact that this is a study where both arms get treatment will help with enrollment. On the GFR question in the Phase III portion, the -- this group of patients, those with 2 APOL1 alleles have a very rapid decline. And when I say that, I mean north of 5 ccs per year. And when you have that kind of rapid decline, it gives you the opportunity to assess the impact of your drug, which is why this 1-year accelerated endpoint potential is really important. So what we demonstrated in Phase II is reduction in proteinuria. That was the approximately 50% reduction, 47.6% on -- that is very tightly correlated with the EGFR, the measure of kidney function and the measure of kidney function in people with 2 APOL1 alleles, regardless of whether you call it FSGS or you call it another disease, is very high. So I feel very good about where we are in terms of getting the clinical trial up and running and very good about the way we've designed the endpoint on both proteinuria and eGFR.
Reshma Kewalramani: And with regard to your questions on VX-880, Phil, what we shared earlier this week is what we know. By regulation, the agency is 30 days to provide us their list of questions or their information request. We are highly confident in this program and deeply committed to type 1 diabetes. And we're looking forward to constructively and expeditiously working with the agency to resume the trial in the U.S. as soon as possible. The trial is up and running, as you rightfully point out in 2 regions right now in the U.S. and in Canada. The trial remains up and running in Canada. We have not received any word from Health Canada for any questions or concerns that they have. And with regard to opening up additional sites, that's always been in the plan. It has nothing to do with the hold in the U.S., and we intend to have more sites coming on in time.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Colin, I'll start and then I'm going to ask David to add a little comment. Colin, I won't speak directly to any competitor. That's not my practice. But let's talk about CF in general. Over the years, we've established a leadership position in CF, and we've not only sustained it, but we've expanded it. And our goal of out innovating ourselves and if possible, even bringing more efficacious medicines forward than TRIKAFTA. And absolutely, in the case of the last 5,000 patients bringing forward a nucleic acid therapy for them, that remains unchanged. TRIKAFTA is the standard of care today. And the closest competitor to TRIKAFTA has been and remains today our own VX-121561, tezacaftor. I'm going to ask David to just give you a few comments on why we have so much confidence in our molecules and the HBE assays, which are really the workhorse and the translational element of what we do. David, a few comments from you on our confidence and why we know when we have something in the lab, it translates into the clinic.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Sure thing. Liisa, we shared a fair amount of data on all 3 patients dosed to date, the first 2 patients at half dose and the first full dose patient who is at the day 30 milestone across all of the patients in terms of efficacy, we see really good efficacy. And we've shared now out to day 270 on patient number one, who is insulin independent. You're right, we haven't shared all of the details at all of the time points across the patients. but you should expect us to share all of the details in terms of hemoglobin A1c, C-peptide levels, stimulated and fasting as well as the CGM, that's the continuous glucose monitoring data and, of course, all safety at upcoming congresses this year. So you will see all of the data on the patients with all of the follow-up.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. On CTX001, we shared last data on, I believe, 22 patients last year at the European Hematology meeting. We now have dosed over 75 patients. So we have substantially more information, and you should expect to see that at upcoming congresses this year. With regard to the data package for the agency, what we need to do, as we've discussed, is complete our discussions with them. And the 2 outstanding areas of discussion are the number of patients and the duration of follow-up that they would like to see in the filing. You know we have all of the designations like RMAT and orphan and such. So we've had the opportunity to have conversations that bring us to this point. It's now wrapping up those conversations with both the U.S. and the EU to wrap up on the discussion of numbers and duration.
Reshma Kewalramani: Yes. Liisa, I think you're asking about in the U.S. and EU, how do we see bed capacity for patients to be able to come in and have the procedure for CTX001. Since we're out of time, I'll just take it really quickly. Stuart and the team have mapped this out. It is very concentrated, the overall helming majority of patients in the EU who qualify for this therapy are concentrated in 4 countries. The overwhelming majority of patients in the U.S. who qualify for this therapy are concentrated in less than 25 states, and we have mapped out the centers where they would be treated. And yes, we see that the numbers of patients that we expect to be treated are going to have a way to have that done in centers with the right expertise.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes. And Jason, I think there is a bit of a misconception about us as a company that we're a rare or an orphan company. And as Reshma described that's not how we define ourselves. Our research strategy is to focus on specific diseases where we understand the human biology, whether or dare validated targets, as Reshma said, either genetically or in the case of NAV 1.8 now pharmacologically and they're in markets where we can access them with a specialty infrastructure. And we think pain fits that description perfectly. As Reshma said, there's various different segments of the pain market that you can think about acute, neuropathic and the chronic musculoskeletal. The commercial opportunity in the acute pain segment is enormous. Acute paying accounts for over $1.5 billion with the B treatment days a year in the U.S. alone. And despite more than 90% of those prescriptions being generic, the market is valued at $4 billion. So if we are able to bring forward an asset that has opioid or better efficacy, without the side effect liability of opioids and other pain medications. We think the opportunity is very, very significant in acute pain, multibillion dollar in acute pain opportunity. And as Reshma said, similarly in neuropathic pain, multibillion-dollar opportunity, that's also a specialty market that we could service through a specialty infrastructure.
Stuart Arbuckle: Yes, Robyn, thanks for the question. So -- as we've commented previously, there's about 150,000 patients who have sickle cell disease or transfusion development, fusion dependent thalassemia in the U.S. and the EU. However, as you can imagine, we don't think that there are -- that is the entire population is going to be eligible for CTX001 given the current conditioning regimen. So based on the inclusion criteria with our study, but also our research and other people's research, talking to physicians about the types of patients that they think are likely to be potential candidates. We think that's around 32,000 of the 150,000. Of that 32,000, about 25,000 of those are sickle cell, the majority of which are here in the U.S. So that is the patients that we think are likely to be potential candidates for CTX001 with the existing BSA-based conditioning regimen.
Stuart Arbuckle: Salveen, on transformative therapies and kind of payment models, which I think was the basis of the question. I don't think what happened with Blue Bird has set a precedent that transformative onetime functional cures are never going to get paid for in the EU or elsewhere. Clearly, there's disappointment in the community about the license withdrawal However, we, as part of our prelaunch planning are engaging with payers, both here in the U.S. and overseas. And based on the capabilities that our team has demonstrated in securing reimbursement for CF, given the transformative potential that CTX001 holds, I'm optimistic that we going to be able to bring that medicine to patients around the world pending license approval.
Liisa Bayko: I guess we'll be the last one to thank Michael for all of his hard work. And we'll hope you'll keep in touch with us.
Liisa Bayko: I just want to see if we get a little more detail on some of the type 1 diabetes metrics. Like for example, we don't have some of the HBA1c number for patient 2 at 90. And it would just be nice to see how that's tracking. I know there was a reduced exogenous inflow news, so that's good. And then some of the other -- I guess, are you saying if you didn't mention the (inaudible) C-peptides, maybe it hadn't reached an appropriate level yet. I'm just curious because the peak simulator wasn't shown either for some of those endpoints -- those time points. So just curious to fill in some of the holes here.
Liisa Bayko: And then just one more question, if I may. Sorry, I might have missed this earlier, but for CTX001, have you finalized what you need to file with FDA? And then if you could give us an indication of where you're going to present the data, the next data out there, that would be great.
