Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. Vertex's strategy in cystic fibrosis is to treat as many people with CF as possible, and to continue to enhance the clinical benefits for those treated by our medicines. Our long-term goal is to reduce the progressive and irreversible effects of CF by treating the underlying cause of the disease. There are three key components to our strategy. First, to increase the number of eligible patients being treated with our approved medicines, mainly by obtaining reimbursement for ORKAMBI for more patients outside of the U.S. Second, to further expand the labels for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI around the world and third, to develop new combination regimens with CFTR modulators, designed to enhance benefit for all patients. This evening, I'm pleased to report that we continue to make excellent progress on all of these fronts. Last month, the FDA approved ORKAMBI for the treatment of children with CF, ages six through 11, who have two copies of the F508del mutation. With this approval, approximately 29,000 patients worldwide are now eligible for our medicines. Today, we are treating approximately 9,000 of these 29,000 eligible patients. Moving forward, we remain focused on expanding access to ORKAMBI and KALYDECO, for the many eligible patients, who are still awaiting treatment, largely through obtaining reimbursement for ORKAMBI in Europe, Canada, and Australia. We are also continuing to make progress and our efforts to expand the labels for KALYDECO and ORKAMBI. In the U.S., we're focused on obtaining approval for KALYDECO in patients with residual function mutations. And in the EU, we expect data this quarter from our Phase 3 trial of ORKAMBI in children ages six through 11, who are homozygous for the F508del mutation. If successful, these would represent approximately 5,000 additional patients, who may benefit from our approved medicines. Beyond this important progress, our long-term goal is to treat all people with CF. During the last year, we have significantly advanced our CF pipeline, which now spans all phases of research and development. Today, we announced the planned initiation of two separate Phase 2 studies of our next-generation correctors, VX-440 and VX-152 in people with CF, and also a Phase 1 study with third next-generation corrector, VX-659, is part of a triple combination. These studies represent significant milestones in our efforts to treat as many people with CF as possible and will provide the first safety and clinical efficacy data in patients including het/min patients for a triple combination regimen that includes a next-generation corrector. We expect to have data from the Phase 2 studies in the second half of 2017. Additionally, we look forward to obtaining Phase 3 data for the combination regimen of VX-661, which now carries the generic name tezacaftor and ivacaftor in the first half of 2017. As we enter the fourth quarter of 2016, Vertex is a global biotech company that has discovered and developed two breakthrough medicines for people with CF, while broadening our pipeline of future medicines. Our significant revenue growth and return to profitability over the past year are metrics of the kind of company that we are becoming. A company that consistently creates transformative medicines for patients and deliver significant and sustained revenue and earnings growth for our shareholders. With that, I'll hand the call over to Stuart to discuss the performance of our medicines.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hey, Mike. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. Maybe I'll start, talk about the next-gen program. We are excited as you said to have both molecules progressing into Phase 2. We think that based on our Phase 1 results, and you know that given our ability to use our preclinical assays, we can look at the exposure and have a sense of whoever is going to get to in the clinic, we think that both compounds are going to go into their Phase 2 studies with doses that are both going to be well tolerated and efficacious and I think that's very exciting. Maybe just to hone in a little bit on your question about therapeutic window, that really comes from both compounds being generally well-tolerated. In VX-152, we did see some GI symptoms mostly nausea and vomiting, and therefore that's the basis for that comment. So for VX-440, we're going right to four week studies and with the potential therefore to accelerate quickly into a Phase 3. And then for VX-152 because of that we are starting with Phase 2 studies and then can extend dosing from that.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hey, Geoff, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, again, I think that as you saw from our Phase 2 designs we're really going to be getting a pretty robust look at how both molecules are going to perform. We're really being able to look at both het/min patients and homozygous patient, which is, I think, very important and the fact that we think that the doses we're going to be taking into Phase 2 can deliver benefit for both populations. That's really – that's really critical. Our Phase 2 studies are really not so much powered on any individual number. They're really giving us a good handle on being able to understand what the drugs are capable of doing and to your point, we are going to actually leverage a washout from ORKAMBI, so that people can participate and we're going to importantly look after the end of dosing and because we think that that follow-up period coming off of treatment actually has been, can be very informative in terms of having confidence in the result. So, that gives you a sense.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Thanks, Stuart. Hi, Ying, as you note, we obviously don't have data yet for the triple, but everything that we've seen across our portfolio with modulating CFTR really suggests that both the two-week and the four-week studies are going to be able to give us valuable insights into the potential efficacy of the regimens.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So, Brian, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. I'll start and then turn it over. Just want to be sure I understand your question. For the preclinical data for VX-440 and contraception, I believe there are a set of standard studies that are done actually on rabbits. And there we test the development of toxicity, the effects of the drug and we did find for VX-440 that they were some abnormality suggesting a potential deleterious effect on the fetus. We don't know whether that actually translates to people, but the prudent thing to do clearly, is to ensure that women in the study are using highly effective contraception and that's what we flagged that we'll be doing that in our Phase 2 study with VX-440.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hi, Matthew, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. So, let me talk about the two-weeks and four-weeks, because we're actually going to have very similar end-point in both. And as we spoke about earlier actually, we think that both two-weeks and four-weeks are going to be able to give us meaningful information. We're also going to have sweat chloride being evaluated in both trials which will also be valuable. Ultimately, what we're going to do is use all the information, we actually also have a lot work being done to actually understands from a modeling perspective, so that we can get the absolute most information out of our clinical trials. And so we're going to use all that information across both to make the best decisions and we think that that will contribute to both. I think in terms of the specifics of the doses as you may see in this design, we're going to go into patients with the small cohort, that's really just to confirm that that exposure is the same in patients as it is in healthy volunteers, we don't have any reasons to think that it will be different or we're going to do that just to be sure, we're taking the right approach. And then we'll choose our doses from there to confirm for the rest of the trials.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So, John, first of all, I just want to pass on the team's best wishes to Mark and we look forward to...
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Yes, so as a theoretical question, Liisa, of course we would think about quads, and as you know we're also looking at some other mechanisms of action, things like ENaC inhibitors that could be combined. So there is nothing a priori that says that we wouldn't look at four drug combinations. Obviously, the ENaC inhibitors inhaled, so it wouldn't be co-formulated but I do think there is one difference here that's worth mentioning. I think it would be unlikely that for instance that we would put VX-152 and VX-440 together because they do appear to have the same mechanism of action and so adding them together would be not expected to produce a lot more benefit.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hi, this is Jeff Chodakewitz. We're actually going to be doing studies in sites both in the U.S. and in Europe.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Sure. This is Jeff Chodakewitz again. So just to clarify perhaps, we've already talked about the rapid toxicity and why we're putting the contraceptive language in place. The hormonal wording doesn't actually come from preclinical studies, with VX-440 at higher doses there was some evidence of liver enzyme induction and that can actually somewhat lower the exposure to the hormones in contraceptives. And so therefore again, to ensure that we're using highly reliable contraception, where excluding that as being the primary method.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: Hi, Tony. It's Jeff Chodakewitz. So two comments, one the 1a as we go back to sort of a prior conversation, the intent of 1a is to go make the transition from healthy volunteers to patients and be sure basically as the exposure is similar in the two groups. And since it could potentially go up or down, although we don't expect it to do either, that's why we wouldn't want to go in at a high dose and then have the exposure actually end up higher. That's why we always would start in this kind of situation with the low dose and then expand, which is the intent. In terms of your broader question about the VX-152 and VX-440, I think it goes actually back to Jeff Leiden's comment that we think both molecules will have the potential to be well-tolerated at doses that can deliver benefit to patients, including excitingly both homozygous patients and het/min patients, we don't have a treatment option, and that's really why we're taking both forward and we'll continue to learn as we have other molecules to our portfolio.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So, Alan, this is Jeff Chodakewitz. Let me just review how that winds up of course in the end, all these timeline, particularly the Phase 2 studies are going to be dependent on the rate of enrollment, but what we expect would be that for both VX-152 and VX-440 that we will be getting results as we've said in the second half of 2017. At that point, we will also have the Phase 1 results from VX-659 as we talked about that's given everything, we've learned about the relationship from pre-clinical to exposure to benefit a patient, we think that we will be able to understand a lot about all three compounds as we're looking forward to make decisions at that point.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: So, it's Jeff Chodakewitz. For both of our studies, both the study in CF where we're looking at the ENaC inhibitor on top of ORKAMBI and in people who are homozygous for F508del and the study in patients with PCD, both are actively enrolling.
Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz: It's always going to be – of course until we end up getting the study fully enrolled, it's just too hard to give you any precision, I'm sorry.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Tonight, I will review the performance of ORKAMBI, our ongoing efforts to obtain reimbursement in Europe, the label expansion for children, ages six through 11 in the United States, and the outlook for KALYDECO. In the third quarter, global sales of ORKAMBI were $234 million, comprised of U.S. sales of $211 million and ex-U.S. sales of $23 million. This quarter, sales in the U.S. declined compared to the second quarter of this year, largely due to a slowing in refills during the summer months of July and August. We have now seen the vast majority of these patients refill their prescriptions. The overall compliance and persistence rates, we are observing remain as we outlined earlier in the year. During the quarter, patients in the U.S. continued to initiate treatment at a slower rate as we approach peak penetration in the U.S. for patients aged 12 and over. As of the end of September, approximately 6,400 patients in the U.S. have initiated therapy on ORKAMBI. Last month, we revised our 2016 ORKAMBI revenue guidance to be between $950 million and $990 million for the full year and we are reiterating that guidance today. U.S. treatment trends were one reason for the revised guidance. And the other main driver was the ongoing launch in Germany, which has been slower than expected. As of September 30, approximately 500 of the 2,500 eligible patients have initiated treatment in Germany. We remain confident that we will treat the vast majority of eligible patients over time in Germany, but it will take longer than we had originally anticipated to reach that goal. In contrast to Germany, we continue to see a strong demand in France, where approximately 900 of the 1,500 eligible patients have initiated therapy through early access programs as of the end of September. I would note that we're not recognizing revenue for these patients in France, until we achieve a formal reimbursement agreement. Throughout Europe, reimbursement is progressing as anticipated. While there are unique aspects to each process, reimbursement typically falls into three phases, a clinical benefit assessment, an economic evaluation, and price negotiations. In several countries, benefit assessments and economic evaluations are complete. We're pleased that government pay us across Europe, recognized the severity of this disease and the broad clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. We have now entered the third phase of the reimbursement process, which includes price negotiations in many key countries. While the process takes time to complete, we believe that we will achieve broad reimbursement from key European and other government payers. We expect our first pricing agreement in a major European market to come in Germany this December. Pricing and reimbursement approvals for patients eligible for ORKAMBI outside of the U.S. are expected to drive significant revenue growth in 2017. I will now turn to our recent sNDA approval for ORKAMBI announced last month. We were delighted the FDA approved ORKAMBI for the treatment of children ages six through 11, who have two copies of the F508del mutation and since then we've been working to get the medicine to the approximately 2,400 eligible patients as rapidly as possible. Interest in ORKAMBI for this age group has been very high and our interactions with public and private payers have been productive. We expect broad coverage of ORKAMBI for these patient population, as payers have already evaluated the product after approval last year in patients 12 years and older. Thanks to the commitment of healthcare providers at CF centers across the country. I'm pleased to report the first children ages six through 11 are already receiving ORKAMBI. We expect the launch to drive revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2016 and in 2017. Turning to KALYDECO, net revenues for the product were $176 million in the third quarter. We are now treating the vast majority of currently eligible patients and therefore we expect this level of quarterly revenues to be maintained in the near-term unless KALYDECO is approved in CF patients with residual function mutations. Today there are approximately 29,000 people eligible for ORKAMBI or KALYDECO globally. Yet, we are only treating approximately one-third of these patients. Therefore expanding access to both of our medicines for eligible patients around the world is our top priority. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Chodakewitz.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Ying, so thanks for the question. Yes, over 6,400 patients have initiated therapy on ORKAMBI and we're obviously delighted with that. It's over 70% of the eligible patients, but as you said that means that 2,000 are yet to be initiated. Obviously the individual decision about whether a physician and patient want to initiate therapy is one that they have to come to themselves, but we are certainly continuing to see new patients being initiated as we deliver and develop more evidence about the long-term benefits of ORKAMBI, I think that's giving physicians, patients even more reasons to think about whether they would want to be initiated on ORKAMBI. And on the Phase 2 question, I'll hand that over to Jeff.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Yeah. So the concerns and questions that we get, Alethia, are very consistent. As we've said a number of times, while each process is different, they tend to kind of orient themselves around three phases. One is a discussion of the clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. And in general, we've been very pleased that payers across Europe have recognized the broad clinical benefits of ORKAMBI. Then there is an economic evaluation and after that phase you enter into the price negotiations. And so, while each process is different in each different country, they tend to follow that same pattern, and they are kind of proceeding as we anticipated. And I'd say the last thing is that in addition to evaluating the clinical benefits from an economic perspective, they're concerned about the overall budget impact it might have for them in their individual country.
Stuart A. Arbuckle: Hey, Geoff. In terms of pricing principles, obviously, we can't comment on the pricing of future products, but I'll talk to our pricing principles overall, which have been very consistent for how we priced KALYDECO and ORKAMBI and the two primary drivers and really the number of patients that we're able to benefit with our medicines, and then the level of clinical benefit or value that we're able to bring. And I think, you've seen that we adhere to those principles with ORKAMBI and whilst we don't have formal pricing agreements in place across Europe, yet, you have seen with the list prices of ORKAMBI that they are lower than they are for KALYDECO, which reflects the fact that clearly ORKAMBI is – has a much wider eligible patient populations despite the fact that medicine has two different components within it. So, I think you can expect that we'll be adhering to those pricing principles as we bring next-gen correctors and other medicines to market for eligible CF patients.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And Mike, just to address your question on the six to 11 launch, obviously it's now early days, we've got the approval on the September 28, so we're less than a month in but certainly the early signs are encouraging and you might expect interest is high in using ORKAMBI in this younger patient population. We're making good progress with both, public payers and commercial payers. In terms of securing access and already have approval for about 50% of covered lives which is, obviously, an important prerequisite to getting access to these younger patients, and so, as a result of all that, we are expecting similarly robust uptake for that, which we saw with ORKAMBI in the 12 plus population and that's what's incorporated into our overall guidance.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So, Geoff, maybe I'll just quickly take that because that question is just frequently asked. There are small differences between compounds. I think the major difference is that they are structurally different.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So, I think in terms of our Phase 1, I think I have given you actually quite the flavor on what we've seen with the – in the healthy volunteers, good tolerability overall. I mentioned the nausea and vomiting. I should clarify that that was at doses – that was absorbed at doses higher than the doses that we're going to be talking into Phase 2, that's how we think about being sure that we have a therapeutic window. In terms of the pre-clinical data, I really can't comment on that level of detail, and of course everything we do as we go forward will be confirmed with regulatory agency.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I was – sorry Terence, I was going to that part of your question. We can't comment on the individual discussions we're having with regulatory agencies. I think to your – as we talked about that, that is going to accomplish several things. It's going to help us understand the performance of the triple, it's importantly going to give us data on 12-weeks of dosing, and depending on the results that we're seeing as we said this data actually could be done, basically in parallel with Phase 3 study.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yeah, Alethia, this is Jeff Leiden, that's more of a strategy question, so maybe I'll take that and first I'll just remind you that our strategy all along has been to develop a portfolio of next-generation correctors, really for two reasons, one they do have different properties, they come in different flavors and we really want to see those different flavors in people and understand how they perform and two, there is a probability of success issue here, right? By bringing three or four of these different correctors into Phase 1 and now in this case Phase 2 studies, it increases the probability of success that will come up with the best regimens for each of the patient populations. And while we can predict an awful lot from our preclinical cellular-based assays, because they predicted quite well on the efficacy front, as a couple of folks noted before, there can be differences in potency and maximal efficacy in drug-like properties and those are best seen really from these Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials and we're learning a lot as we go about these different molecules. Would we ever take two molecules into Phase 3 development? It's absolutely possible just as you've seen with lumacaftor and VX-661, two first-generation correctors because they may also have different profiles. It's just going to depend on the data that we see from these Phase 2 studies, but I think the important thing is the strategy we're taking is this portfolio strategy.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: And on your compliance question, as you say, it's very early days yet, we're just one month into the launch in the six year to 11 year old children. However I think, there are some reasons to be optimistic that the compliance rates there could be higher than we see in teenagers and in young adults. Certainly, that's what we've seen with KALYDECO and that's not atypical for what you see in other chronic disease, is where clearly these young kids are largely, if not exclusively under the supervision of their parents and therefore, compliance rates tend to be at the higher end of the spectrum.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yeah. Thanks for the question, John. Maybe just to go back one step and remind you of how we look at these molecules and select them. So, first real acid test for these molecules is our human HBE cells, both het/min cells and homozygous cells from multiple donors. And as we showed you, I think in one of the slides today, VX-659 actually has efficacy as measured by chloride transport, which is maximal efficacy that's significantly higher than what we were seeing in VX-440 and VX-152, which were also quite high by themselves by the way. We've also measured a number of other things in that assay, like cilia beat frequency (45:38) and others and we see the same kind of difference between the VX-659 and VX-440. We then put the molecules through a pretty rigorous stream with respect to PK, tox co-formulability, really making sure that we're bringing the drugs into the clinic as oppose to molecules. And we're done with most, but not all of that for six, five times, we're certainly done with enough that so we feel very comfortable that we have a tox profile and the PK profile, that we're confident in taking into Phase 1 studies, both in normal and in patients this time as well. We have not done yet with the developmental studies in rabbits and we don't have that data yet and obviously we don't have any human data, which is the final test of PK and safety and we'll only see that in the Phase 1 study. In addition just as Ian mentioned just meeting the clear expectations, we have a number of other next-gen correctors, in our late preclinical pipeline we expect to bring at least one of those forward into the clinic in the first half of next year and maybe more and the reason for that again is that these molecules come in a number of different flavors, different policies, different properties and we want to bring a multiple of them into humans as part of triple combinations to understand how they interact. I hope that gives a flavor of where VX-659 sits and what we know and some things we don't yet know, but we'll know soon.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, so just to be clear about what we're doing here. First of all het/min obviously is the big group of patients with the largest unmet need. And so as we think about taking these molecules forward, that's the patient population that we are most focused on, but I do want to be clear that we're essentially doing these things in parallel. And so we will have results both in the het/min population and the homozygous population essentially at the same time or with very little delay and that's going to let us really design the best Phase 3 study I think here. One of the things that I've really been pleased with over the last four years or five years is as we've developed these molecules, we've learned an awful lot about how to take the development forward. Most quickly, most efficiently and then how to start to think about Phase 3 trials, perhaps a little differently, and so I do think you're seeing the results of that here as we sort of streamline these Phase 2 trials, do them in parallel as opposed to in series, as we've done it in the past and then hopefully based on the results of course launch into Phase 3 in a much broader fashion than we've done previously.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Okay. This is Jeff Leiden. I just wanted to be clear that we don't think about VX-659 as being on exactly the same timeframe as VX-152 and VX-440 and as Jeff said, it's a little difficult to give you precision, because it depends on how fast user enrolled. VX-659 will only have a small cohort of patients in the Phase 1 and so we'll have to see what we learn from that. But if you were to ask me just to put a sort of marker on the table, I think that VX-659, myself, is about six months behind VX-152 and VX-440. So, we're not going to be waiting obviously if we see positive results with VX-152 and VX-440 before taking those into Phase 3 to wait for VX-659, if that's really the question.
