Robert Kauffman: So Geoff, this is Bob Kauffman. I'll take the first question. And yes, we recognize the rapidly changing landscape. We certainly recognize the issues that have occurred with a couple of other nukes in the space in the past few months. All I can say is that VX-135 has a very strong preclinical profile and in our early clinical study really was extremely well tolerated and produced very impressive antiviral activity and therefore, we have very great confidence going in. As we've noted, is a uridine analog, unlike some of the other compounds that have not done so well lately and it just gives us more confidence that we'll have a very good outcome in the next set of studies. Obviously, we recognize the limitations of the data we have. We have only 7-day safety data. Clearly, 12-week data will give us even more confidence, and that's why we're moving as rapidly as we can to obtain those data.
Robert Kauffman: Yes, topical in flu season. Thanks, Geoff. So as we have communicated earlier in the year, we anticipate giving you top line results from that study before the end of this year and we're still on track for that.
Robert Kauffman: Rachel, given there's a number of questions given the collaboration comment, we appreciate your thanks on the collaboration. Jeff is going to take the first piece, and then I'll take the financial question.
Robert Kauffman: And, Rachel, to answer your question about financial profile in '13. I'm hoping that you did hear the comments that Jeff made in his prepared remarks and then also echoed by my own. You can see with just the results we've disclosed in the third quarter that we're working very hard towards prioritizing our R&D investment. As you can see that the R&D investment remains consistent with how we guided in the beginning of the year, and then also from Q2 to Q3, despite the increased investments in CF and HCV. So you can see that we're reprioritizing throughout our portfolio there, and we'll continue that effort into 2013 for the high-value programs. On the SG&A side, again, we can continue probably more dramatically if you see the reduction in SG&A spend between Q2 and Q3. Again, that's active management of SG&A. We're following where the demand is in the markets. We're looking at programs, looking at our infrastructure and we've made decisions there as well. So we're working very hard. These efforts will continue into 2013 and I'll just close by -- we are in our planning process. We're taking a look at what we believe our revenues may be for '13, 2013. Both the growth on KALYDECO side and what the potential is there, and specifically look into how we think we may go into Europe and penetrate that patient population for KALYDECO. And then on INCIVEK, acknowledging that INCIVEK, it is a challenge. We acknowledge that. And so we're taking those revenues and being mindful of our cash flows for reinvestment, and we'll give you more of an update specifically as we go into 2013 with our call early on in that year. But we're in the middle of that process. But I hope you can hear the themes that are coming through strongly on this call.
Robert Kauffman: As I said, we're going through our planning process because we need to understand what our revenues will be at this point in time and as we go to '13, we'll provide more specific direction for our business at that time.
Robert Kauffman: I'm sorry, Gloria, but with your questions, I'm not sure whether you're in the office or maybe you're out, given weather conditions this week, but your question really didn't come through very clearly. I'm not sure whether you can pick up the phone or whether there's something else, but it really didn't come through very clearly. If you could try repeating it and we'll try our best answer it.
Robert Kauffman: So this is a very -- we believe it's a very promising NS5A inhibitor. It's been evaluated in short-term viral kinetic studies, single-dose studies, and shows approximately a 3 log drop at the dose that's been chosen for further development, which is 60 milligrams. That 3 log drop is really comparable to the other NS5A inhibitors that are in development now, including one from BMS and one from Gilead. It is a once-a-day medication, a once-a-day pill. And in terms of its other profile, it has a very good preclinical profile and its resistance profile has not been fully discussed there in the midst of a 12-week study with -- in combination with peg and riba at the present time. It looks as though it has a resistance profile which is similar to the other NS5A inhibitors that are in development, but really, it has very good properties and we're really looking forward to the combination studies that we're about to start.
Robert Kauffman: Then to the question on KALYDECO. Welcoming Stuart Arbuckle, our newly-appointed Chief Commercial Officer.
Robert Kauffman: Thanks, Omar. I'll take the disclosure questions and then maybe Peter can take whether there's a plan for any extension. I'm first going to go to the 400 BID, and I appreciate you asking the question, there's been a number of questions regarding disclosure of this data. I refer you back to Peter's commentary just a moment ago, which is the purpose of that study, which effectively is to support the data we'd already gathered from Phase I and Phase II with our combination therapy and into PK/PD modeling exercise and that data in Cohort 3 will supplement the data we've already collected. I think the key for us is that the Phase III study design, which we'll be shortly discussing with the regulatory authorities, and when we have a better understanding of what that protocol and design is and all the various ARMs and the duration of that study, we'll provide you a disclosure around the design for the Phase III. And at that point in time, in disclosing the Phase III data, we'll give you a basis for that protocol design. So that's the answer for the Cohort 3. And I'd just point out that it is only 15 patients and it is not powered to measure FEV. As far as VX-661 is concerned, that's in a combination study at this point. Bob described -- sorry, Peter described that study in his prepared remarks. It is a dose escalating study. Monotherapy, which goes to combination therapy, and then escalating doses. We are in the process of running that study and it will run into 2013. And at the point that we have completed the whole study, so it will be final data. We'll provide you with top line press release and that would include FEV, but it's effectively a safety and efficacy top line press release, and that will be in the first half of 2013. And as to your third question, I'm going to turn it back to Peter. That was regarding the extension.
Robert Kauffman: So in terms of going forward, we have an open IND in the U.S. and so it is a matter of submitting a protocol to the FDA for the review, and oftentimes, comments may come either in writing or on a brief telecon. But we have already had some discussions with them regarding our ribavirin study and the telaprevir study, and we certainly understand what's required in order to move forward, and we're planning on doing that with the ribavirin study, which will be starting imminently. The process is really very much the same with the other 2 compounds. Both are under review with the FDA. Their IND is obviously for both other compounds, and so it's a rather straightforward pattern to just get the FDA to cross-reference the INDs, review the data and then have a discussion about the protocol. Nothing complicated.
Robert Kauffman: This is Bob. People volunteer for studies, is all I can say. Obviously, there's some remuneration that goes on for these volunteers. But it's just the way things work.
Robert Kauffman: So what we look for is obviously, we're looking for evidence of antiviral activity and that's really measured by viral shedding and nasal secretions, and that can be measured either by looking for a live virus or by various PCR technologies. So we're looking, first of all, for antiviral activity, we're obviously looking for the safety of the compound and we're also looking for a change in reduction of symptomatology. This is an attenuated strain of influenza, the subjects don't get that sick. But we do -- we are able to measure shortening of the clinical illness. And so it's really a combination of antiviral and clinical symptomatology measures that are the way one describes efficacy in these kinds of studies and that's really what we're looking for.
Robert Kauffman: I mean, the purpose of this study, really, first of all, is to look at the safety of the compound. It's our first real longer duration trial, and so we're looking for safety. We're also looking for dose response, because one of the goals of this trial is to help narrow down the dose range when we would ultimately conduct a study in natural influenza. And I would say that given that it's attenuated, given the characteristics of the way these studies are run, that's really kind of what we're looking for is a dose response. We're looking for as complete and antiviral response as we can get, and then we go on and do further trials.
Robert Kauffman: I'll just, first of all, reiterate our guidance and why we're reiterating guidance, which is at this point through the year we've recorded net revenues for INCIVEK of around $940 million, and our guidance that we're updating tonight are -- reiterating tonight is $1.1 billion to $1.25 billion. And so when we see the current demand of our products, we are also heading into November now, but we're very comfortable in reiterating that guidance and we'll be providing more information on trends as we go in 2013. Obviously, we're watching it closely because it impacts how we think about our business for 2013.
Robert Kauffman: It's likely that sites in the U.S., a substantial number of sites in the U.S. will be involved in that trial. The planning is still ongoing with Janssen who are going to be running that study.
Robert Kauffman: Yes. I mean, normally, we're looking for a dose response for the endpoints that we're looking at, which includes sweat chloride and other measures. And the hope is that we can define the large part of the dose response curve so that we can pick doses for the next set of studies. And that's really -- that's what we do.
Robert Kauffman: So the first is about our excitement about the Glaxo 5A inhibitor. I must say, what I have seen from a preclinical package, it's really impressive. What I have seen in the clinic, it's really impressive. And the log drop is basically in the range that all the other 5As have. Interesting piece though is the metabolic profile that allows it to really be easily combined with our own molecules, which is a key criteria when you basically do combination regimens. And so, I'm really excited about that molecule. And I think it is far enough advanced and it is a once-a-day. That is the other piece. It offers the opportunity at the end of the day to come out with a once-a-day regimen. And given the 60-milligram dose that you basically have seen in the regimen, what it also allows this and that's why I'm really excited about it. To do coformulation studies and have maybe a once-a-day pill with whatever regimen that we have at the end of the day in mind. This is really fantastic. And so this is the excitement about this. And the other question was about, do we have enough data by doing all those Phase II studies to enter into Phase III in 2014? And the answer is absolutely yes because we will have a pooling concept from a safety point of view with everybody that has received 135, and then for the regimen that we pick, we have enough data to move forward in 2014 from an efficacy point of view.
Robert Kauffman: I can add maybe one thing to that. That is maybe a different for 787 compared to Tamiflu. We have also a possibility to study viral clearance because that's a mechanism that actually, I think, that Tamiflu doesn't provide. And so we will also look into that. Bu that is basically the time factor to it. We do know with the challenge study what day you have infected and you can basically go backwards and say, what is the clearance after 1 day, 2 days, 3 days, which is really important thing to basically add value to the molecule. So that's the other piece that we have sort of look into.
Peter R. Mueller: So Geoff, it's Peter speaking. I think good questions. So I want to just confirm on the one hand and what Bob said about 135, and I think the good thing for 135 is that it has a metabolic profile that allows us to basically combine it with many different molecules. And that leads me to your second question about what is about 222 and other molecules that we have in our portfolio. So obviously, we are currently looking deeply into what the best regimens are and we will have in mind different concepts where 222 is part of it. And we will come later when we prioritize whatever we can do. So 222 is a viable asset, a highly viable asset in our regimen and I think should not be forgotten. So and the last question was, when do we hear something about 661 and I turned it over to you that's a disclosure question -- the flu, the 787, yes.
Peter R. Mueller: Geoff, it's Peter speaking. I think I'll start with the second question first about that is the BID 400-milligram question. Do we need to do another study to go in Phase III or go directly into Phase III. So the answer is, we have enough data in our Phase I and II packages gathered to basically do molecular modeling that gives you an insight about how you might conduct a Phase III study in different dose regimens. One is upwards like the 600-milligram that we have to confirm that is sort of standard approach, you know you have to confirm the data and what you have to have in Phase II. And the other one is go with a higher dose. And I think the twice 400 is, from a modeling point, what it is. That's the reason why we also do Cohort 3 to confirm that we have a chance to go with a higher dose in that study. We do not need -- at this given point in time, it is our strong belief, another study to add a higher dose of VX-809 into our Phase III regimen. Now the question will be, with the agency, what the right dose is and what the higher dose is. It might not necessarily be twice 400, it could be something else, but that is the reason why we did the study. So I think the answer is, no, we go directly into pivotal trials with 600-milligram as the confirmatory arm of it, and then there's another higher dose and that might be twice 400 or might be something else. So that's the first question. So the second question is, why do we not wait for 661 data in all these type of things? I think we have basically concluded a Phase II study, and we go as fast as we can with the regimen for the patient population that responded well over the finish line. And so, if you would wait with 661, you would delay basically substantially the entire development and the outcome. And we have a commitment to basically reach out to those patients as fast as we can. This is our commitment as a company, and I think the 809-770 combination is a very viable regimen that really will have big impact in a big population, and I think we want to not slow down by 2 years, waiting for 661.
Peter R. Mueller: So there's 2 questions. What we have seen so far is basically addition of a second-generation corrector to our existing correctors and KALYDECO. And so, there's an 809 ivacaftor or KALYDECO-type of regimen as a base, and you add in new correctors, and when you add in one of these, you basically get nice synergistic efforts. There is also what we have seen, the combination of 2 new ones that will bring you to very high levels of CFTR expression, which is I think a good one. And at the end of the day, it will probably be a mix-and-match out of different type of things. That you have in one case, maybe 770 and 809 and 1 of those correctors, in other cases, maybe the 2 correctors. And that is driven by the patient population that segregate in the CF world. Because you have heterozygotes, homozygotes, you have pancreatic insufficient ones and that might respond differently to different regimens. So it is basically not a one-size-fits-all solution, it is a patient tale of personalized medicine approach to treat those populations the best we can.
Peter R. Mueller: Yes. And with respect to the extension for the twice 400-mg BID, we have no intention to basically have an extension for that particular small population at this given point in time.
Peter R. Mueller: So what is going on? Maybe I'd just say, I think there is absolutely fair discussion going on in the FDA, and it is a compound-by-compound discussion and it's not a one-size-fits-all type of approach. I think you have to provide data and then basically you get, treated dependent on your data, and not necessarily dependent on other people's data. So I want to just say that. And then, that goes with the DDI study. So I think every compound has a different metabolism and dependent on what the metabolism is and what the potential interaction could be in combination of 2 compounds, you might consider or not to do a DDI study. And there is a difference between PIs and NS5As in general about how they get metabolized, and so there's not the same size and the same type of approach for each and every compound. And that's the reason why we basically opted for the Janssen compound, the TMC435, to do a DDI study up front to get the better doses.
Peter R. Mueller: Liisa, I just want to add one thing to the enrollment because it might have sort of questions whether people want to get sort of infected. There is a flu camp in the U.K. that's called Flu Camp, and we are basically having the study completely enrolled at those, okay? So I think that would be a basically sort of currently in the data collecting phase. And that's reason why we basically hope by end of year be happy enough that we can sort of analyze and then tell you said sort of really next year what it is.
Peter R. Mueller: I think the interesting piece here is that 661 has a different biodistribution, and so you cannot basically collect data from 809 and basically sort of refer to it. So you have to do your own study. Chances are here that you can come with substantially lower doses, and that's basically what we are trying to do to have basically a low [indiscernible] burden, a low dose burden and that allows us to do better combination studies in the future, with many different second-generation correctors or KALYDECO or anything in the mix.
Peter R. Mueller: So the second question that you had, this is Peter speaking, is about, do we anticipate a similar disconnect between sweat chloride and FEV? The answer is I don't know. Because that's why we are doing the study. And we will see at the end of the day what the relationship is, because they have very different molecules here that penetrate differently into the body and into the tissues. So I can't really answer that at this given point in time, that's one of the reasons why we're doing the study.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Hi, Rachel, it's Jeff. The first question really had to do with how we're thinking about prioritizing these different regimens. And I know you're familiar with this, but let me just take a step back and briefly rearticulate the strategy that we talked about in July, which was, we do feel that VX-135 has a profile as a nuc that makes it potentially a very valuable piece of multiple combination regimens. We also feel that it may be the case that there will be several regimens. One, optimal regimen, for example, for easy-to-treat patients and a separate one or separate duration for longer-to-treat patients. So our strategy was to combine 135, both with different combinations of our own medicines, 222, INCIVEK, et cetera, but also to be open to collaborations with others. And obviously, you've heard today about how we're executing on that strategy. If you look at where we are today, we feel really good about what have in hand, right, because we have now a very potent and tolerable members of each of the major classes that we think are going to be important; nucs, non-nucs, PIs and 58s. And so we're in a very nice position to begin to combine them in different combinations and learn pretty quickly in 12-week studies what the best or winning combinations are going to be. We're obviously in the process right now of prioritizing those studies. So we've told you that we're going to do VX-135 plus ribavirin. We certainly are going to do VX-135 plus 435, as well as the GSK 5A. And then we're trying to understand where INCIVEK and 222 are really going to fit into that, and we'll be able to give you a lot more details as we move forward. But the strategy remains the same. We're going to test multiple combinations, find the best ones for patients in 2013 so that we're in a position to pick those and move into pivotal studies in 2014. And I'm just really pleased now that we have all the pieces in hand to do that.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Yes, it did. Maybe we'll just start with the HCV question, with the GSK's NS5A inhibitor and maybe Bob can give you a quick profile of that compound. I would also offer that following the call, Michael Partridge can send you a package on that. And so therefore, you will have specific details of what's been disclosed on that compound at previous medical conferences. But maybe Bob can give you a top line at this moment.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: This is Jeff. Let me answer it at a high level, and then Peter and Bob can add additional color. So as I've said before, we're really pleased with where we are today because we now have high potency and competitive assets in each of the major classes. So obviously our nuc, which you've seen the data on TMC, which you've also seen a lot of data on in the protease inhibitor class, we feel is an excellent next-generation protease inhibitor. 222, our non-nuc, which also is highly potent, you've seen some already [indiscernible]. And then the GSK NS5A, which as you know, look like they're going to be important components of regimens and it's a once-a-day highly potent NS5A that's already been in humans and shown very nice viral log drops. And so, I think we have the pieces in hand. But the question now is which regimens for which patients? We're going to try some 2 drug regimens, particularly for easy-to-treat patients. We may try some 3 drug regimens. But our strategy is to collect that data next year and based on the data, pick regimens to go forward with the pivotal trials in 2014. Now each of the collaborations we sign today are nonexclusive, and so we do have the opportunity as we go forward, if we see a compounds that would add benefits to patients to do additional collaborations. But we're pretty pleased with where we are today in terms of having all the pieces in hand to begin with these studies.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: I'll take that question. The gross to net -- or the discount has slightly increased through the year. As we launched it with -- it tended to be around 8% to 9%. And right now as we enter the fourth quarter, it's around 9% to 10%. That's really just a reflection of the patients that we're treating, and we'd anticipate that the continue into the future.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: Terence, I'll take the disclosure question. We'd like to complete the study. VX-661 in combination with KALYDECO, that means going through the monotherapy and then the combination period with each of the escalating doses. We'd like to complete all of those ascending doses, and at that point, with final and complete data, we'll provide a top line press release. And that's why we're guiding to the first half of 2013 in terms of a top line release.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: So for the second question, yes, it's an artificial system, and the goal is really to get some preliminary read on antiviral activity and more importantly, to narrow the dose range. One can get a sense of the dose range to be studied in subsequent natural influenza, and that really is the goal of the study.
Jeffrey M. Leiden: In terms of the ivacaftor question, it's really primarily based on functional results. Those people who are dependent on pancreatic enzyme replacement are considered to be pancreatic insufficient, and those who can manage without them are generally pancreatic sufficient. And that's how we define it. Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us tonight. We are in our offices. If you didn't get ask a question or if you have a further follow-up, and I would add that we look forward to seeing many of you at the EASL League Conference, which starts in Boston at the end of next week. Thank you.
