Matthew Farrell: All right. Obviously, I’m the expert on dry shampoo. So if you’re somebody with normal hair and you pick up an aerosol can of dry shampoo, that’s okay, that might make my hair dryer. So we said, “Hey, what’s going to appeal to women with normal to dry hair?” So we said, “Okay, we’re going to launch Batiste Waterless Cleansing Foam. So this is something that you rub into your hair and refreshes your hair and dries in 60 seconds, and we have four different variants we’re launching right now. And now WATERPIK. You also often hear us talk about WATERPIK water flossers. Well, WATERPIK, that business, we’re experts in water-jet technology. So that technology has been around for almost 50 years. And so now we’re coming out with a brand-new, the first-known FDA-registered showerhead. And the insight here is that, millions of Americans discuss massage with their doctors, it’s something that WATERPIK folks look into. So here it is, WATER FOR WELLNESS, this FDA-registered power pulse showerhead. And we’ve done nine clinical studies. And what those studies tell us is that, these particular showerheads soothes muscles, they increase flexibility and they promote better sleep. And here’s kind of a fun fact. The average shower is eight to 12 minutes. And what our consumers tell us is that, these benefits they start feeling after two minutes using these showerheads, really cool innovation. Okay, I talked a little bit about FLAWLESS earlier. Women are look – are focused on convenient hair removal. So new product from FLAWLESS called NU RAZOR. This is waterless, whole body hair removal anywhere, anytime. Now, floss, we’ve got a lot of interest in FLAWLESS on the part of analysts and shareholders. So let’s give a little bit of update on that. One major retailer right now, the reset has already happened from As Seen On TV through the wet shave aisle, and that’s happening in a lot of retailers. Why is that important? It’s because the traffic in the wet shave aisle is four times the traffic in As Seen On TV. So this is launching right now with one major retailer, wherein after two weeks, the POS consumption is up 7%, and that’s just one major retailer. We know what kind of wins we have for 2020 and our total distribution point is going to be up 15% in 2020. And recall, if you read it in the press release that we expect the FLAWLESS sales to be up to 15% and this is part of the underpinning for that, as well as the NU RAZOR launch, we think we’re going to be in good shape for the coming year. All right. Next up is natural toothpastes are growing 14 times the rate of the toothpaste category. So we’re introducing ARM & HAMMER Essentials Toothpaste, two different variants, and we’ve gotten really, really good reception from retailers, particularly the drug class trait. Next up, men, this is TROJAN condoms, wait for it. Men wants to ensure their partner is satisfied. So we got a new product called G SPOT from TROJAN and we have an ad for you. Take a look. [Commercials] We always have a lot of fun with that TROJAN brand. By the way, whenever we have a meeting for new products, it’s the most – for TROJAN, it’s the most well-attended meeting in the company, if you look people sitting on the window sills. All right. VMS, so vitamin. We have lots of line extensions coming in 2020, and we are addressing a lot more need states. And we’ve really picked up pace of innovation for vitamins. If you look at 2017 and 2018, we kind of averaged six new items a year. We had 22 new items in 2019. We’ve got 17 more coming in 2020. Too many to run through today. And we have more innovation coming in 2020 in other categories, so stay tuned. You’ll hear about those later in the year. And next up is Steve to tell you our fabulous international story. Come on up, Steve.
Matthew Farrell: Well, I’ll take that one first. Yes, I mean the plan for FLAWLESS system migrated from As Seen on TV brand and completely into the wet shave aisle and completely vacate that part of the store. Because in a lot of stores, it’s not in a very attractive place. So if you look at one major retailers by automotive. But when we bought it, we said no, this is a brand that’s going to have legs at long-term and it belongs to wet shave aisle. And one major retailer is getting behind it right now. So over time, that’s what you’re going to see happening. It’s happening right now in 2020. Your other question was about compaction. So when compaction happen, there is one major retailer that drove that many, many years ago, that’s not on the horizon right now for the industry. I mean, right now, one would argue that the biggest form of compaction is pods. So that pods at some point – if pods at some point plateaus, I think, it’s possible then we would go back to, it may be a major compaction for liquid laundry detergent, but that is clear enough on horizon right now. Were you asking the question about that new product…
Matthew Farrell: …that we have online. I’ll let Britta take a swing at that one and what the insight was around that.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. So CLEAN – I’ll let Paul comment at some point, but CLEAN & SIMPLE, whenever you launch a new product in liquid laundry under the ARM & HAMMER brand, you’re going to have some cannibalization. But this one there will be some cannibalization, but net, it will be incremental to us and we think as well to the category. As far as, are we going to move into pods for CLEAN & SIMPLE, we wouldn’t disclose what our plans might be with respect to the CLEAN & SIMPLE as a platform. Could it happen? Absolutely. Bill, I’ll let Paul comment as well some retailer reception to CLEAN & SIMPLE.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we were down year-over-year. So business was $180 million in 2018, it was $186 million in 2019. We bought the business, we thought it would be higher by the end of the year. We know why – a couple of things we disclosed. We had an issue with one large retailer, Bed Bath & Beyond and we also delayed a launch into 2020. Now as far as the consumption goes, consumption was down significantly in the fourth quarter. We expect that to continue, but to start to recover in the first quarter. And by the time we get to the second quarter, we’re in the new launch and also the new distribution, we expect consumption in measured channels, because measured channels in this – for this category is less than 50%. But you’ll start to see in measured channels a year-over-year increase. And we think it’s going to build from Q2, Q3 and Q4. So I think a lot of the growth is ahead of us starting in Q2 as a result of the NU RAZOR.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. So on the promotional environment, we’ve talked about every quarter, and as many of you know the promotional environment generally talking about the household side of the house and not a personal care. And when we say household, it’s about laundry and we’re talking about litter. I’ll take litter first. The litter category is pretty tame right now as far as the promotional environment. So if you look at sequentially, it was pretty much flattish and even year-over-year, there is no story there. So we think it’s steady as you go in litter. I think you got to keep in mind is that, in the litter category these hard fought price increases, it’s unlikely that the suppliers are going to want to deal that, that the hard one increased back to the consumers. So I wouldn’t expect that to change in 2020. Laundry, same story. I mean, Q4 was our lowest quarter of the year, 25% sold on deal. And the category was 35%. And liquid laundry, little bit higher, it was 37% sold on deal. But two big suppliers would be Church & Dwight and Henkel both down sequentially from Q2, -- pardon me, Q3 to Q4. And Procter was up, it kind of filled the void in the promotional space. We expect that to continue in 2020. Okay. Your next. Yes.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I’ll take a swing at this and then Rick can jump in. Yes. So we call it 3.5% for 2020. Our run rate in the second-half of 2019 as a company is 4%. We’ve said, hey, that’s going to accelerate by 50 basis points, because of FLAWLESS from 4% to 4.5%. So we have 100 basis points go in other way for two reasons. One, exiting private label vitamins and number two, we’re continuing to pull back on OXICLEAN promotions. Now with that 100 basis points, the lion’s share of that is the vitamin business. We have stepped up our innovation over the last couple of years in vitamins. If you saw the Slide that we had earlier, you’ll see – if you went back to 2016 and 2017, we had like six new launches a year, 2018 – from 2019, we had 22 new launches and next we’re going to have 17 new launches. So – but this is the right time to exit our private label, it came into the company with the acquisition and it’s lower margin and we think it’s fine.
Matthew Farrell: And maybe one more I had, I just thought of is, we showed you household penetration for WATERPIK in the U.S. versus internationally, and we found that it’s very responsive to advertising. And so now we’re going to start rolling that out in Europe and Canada and Australia. So that marketing investment is happening globally as well.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. I’ll try to remember all that. Let’s start off with the current year. So, we have an algorithm of 6% annually. So we always go back to that, can we sustain 6% year-after-year-after-year. And if you look at what Steve has been doing in international is hitting out of the park. And so, now we got a big plan for this year, you might say you’re sad because it’s not 9%, but we’re not a company that’s going to get way out over our skis. So we think we got a strong plan for 2020. We don’t view that as a deceleration, we look at that as we’re consistently now delivering above our algorithm. You asked the question about international. So we have done some M&A internationally over the past few years. Viviscal was a – is an international brand. Our WATERPIK had some international as well. We bought the ANUSOL brand from J&J. And so we’re putting a lot of effort behind those and we get a lot of traction. So Steve and his gang have done a great job, taking those two to international markets. So we’re continually scanning for things that we can acquire, and we can put into our infrastructure and leverage it. But we’re pretty fussy about what we’re going to buy. And as you know, you had a third one though, the third question.
Matthew Farrell: Oh, the state of competition in the laundry and litter category? Okay. Well, I mean you saw the chart with respect to shares in laundry. We had a great year in laundry. ARM & HAMMER was up. XTRA, for the first time in a longtime held share up a little bit. And OXICLEAN, we lost some share, but that was as not as expected because we pulled back on promotions. You also saw from the chart the dynamics over the last three years, but who is winning and who is struggling. We think we have an unfair competitive advantage in the laundry detergent, because we have a value brand, that’s advertised, which is ARM & HAMMER. And ARM & HAMMER is $1 billion brand if you go across all of our categories. And actually we’ve done a wonderful job in positioning that product against Sun over the last couple of years and we continue to win distribution. So we’ve got a long-term plan and we aim to be the number two supplier of laundry detergent at some point. In the litter category, litter is a function of innovation and we have been the innovator in that category for many, many years. And we think that over time that is going to bode well for us as far as growing share in the future. I commented earlier about the promotional environment, it is pretty much – pretty tepid, I would say, in both categories. I don’t expect that to change in litter as we said, because we’re not going to deal back your price increases. And I do think that the reduction in the amount sold on deal in the laundry category is really de facto price increase, we want list price increases in laundry. But the pull back in promotions as a group over time is de facto an increase in price and it improves margins.
Matthew Farrell: I hope everybody paid attention to that. So if you go back and say, wow, OXICLEAN launched into premium laundry detergent and we’re sad because it didn’t work out. No. So in stain fighters, we had a 42% market share when we launched OXICLEAN over in liquid laundry, it went from 42% to 56% today. So all that effort paid off, and so we’re making a lot more money today. So that brand is alive and well.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. All right. It looks like we might be done. Hey, I want to thank everybody for coming today. We had great questions and looking forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter.
Steven Cugine: Excellent. So I’m pleased to be here to share with you the fabulous international growth story. So, as Matt already talked about, the Evergreen target for international is 6% per year. In 2014, we delivered $535 million in sales. We finished 2019 at $756 million in sales. The important note here is that, we firmly believe that we’ve reached global scale. There isn’t a market that we’re not in today and where we can’t reach with ourselves through our existing subsidiary markets or through our GMG business. I think even more impressive than the size of the business is that we tripled the organic growth rate from roughly 3% to about 9%. So significant, the larger business tripling the growth rate. This is an important chart that we show every year, but there’s some new information here. Our Global Markets Group is now 33% of the total business. For the first time, it is the largest segment within the international business, followed by Canada, Europe, three countries, Mexico, and Australia. We have grown historically well above our Evergreen target of 6%. In 2019, we hit 9.2%, an outstanding year, and we leave the year with momentum delivering 10.6%. So we feel the wind at our back. Let’s break that down in a little more detail. Our subsidiary markets delivered 5.2% and our GMG business, a whopping 19.2%. Our subsidiaries are largely in developed markets. So 5.2% in developed markets is really outstanding performance. Our brands are healthy, whether they be in emerging markets or GMG or in our subsidiary markets. So we’re excited about the performance of both of these businesses. The GMG business is certainly an engine of growth for the division and for the company. Since 2014, when we initiated the start of our new growth strategy for international, this business has delivered 19% CAGR throughout its lifecycle. And again, 2019, we did 19.2%, lot of 19s in there. And it’s driven by our core brands. So we’re driving ARM & HAMMER, BATISTE, WATERPIK, VMS, OXICLEAN, STERIMAR, FEMFRESH and now FLAWLESS. We continue to invest in building capabilities around the world. As you know, year in year out, I’ve been up here talking about the investments that we’ve made in Southeast Asia and then talk about China. We continue to make incremental investments in China, Southeast Asia, Germany, fast-growing market for us in Europe and in Central America. We’ve taken the opportunity to localize the content that we give to consumers, because these brands need to show up differently market-by-markets, so they’re relevant. We’re investing, particularly last year and this year in technology, because Matt talked about speed of decision-making we feel is a differentiator for the company. That is also true in these very dynamic international markets. We invest a lot in our GMG distributor training and regulatory affairs. We want to make sure that our partners in particular markets know as much as we do. We provide them innovation, case studies. That share case studies. So they are an extension of our family, and we think that is unique to Church & Dwight. So we’re absolutely committed to 6% organic growth moving forward. We believe we have a runway for our existing brands. We have demonstrated our ability to grow acquired brands, WATERPIK, now FLAWLESS. Our GMG group will continue to post double-digit growth and we made investments in fast-growing markets that we think we can leverage. Because we feel that we have a scaled global business for the first time, we’re going to make a new commitment. And that commitment is not only organic growth, but we’re going to continue to expand operating margin year in and year out. We’re going to take a big step change from 2019 to 2020. And part of our Evergreen target is to deliver another 50 bps of growth – of operating margin expansion. And that is on top of any incremental investments that we’re going to make to ensure that we have the capabilities around the world. So in summary, one, we have the right strategies for growth. We’ve demonstrated that, we know that. Two, we have brands that consumers love around the world. Three, we built a management team that is outstanding and several of them are around the world are here today. So to them, I say thank you. And we feel that we’re just starting. But there is a lot of runway in international markets for Church & Dwight’s products. Dropped the mic.
Steven Cugine: Yes. So I think there’s a couple of things. We had some expense in the year that we’re not going to recover. We feel like we’ve made investments on top of that, that we’re not going to repeat again in next year. I would say, that’s a large part of that and there is some mix as well.
Steven Cugine: No, we feel really confident, I mean we see the business accelerating as you saw in 2019, and we see that continuing into 2020, again with less requirement for investments. Because we think we have the right kind of staffing level in each one of the regions, China was a big investment over the last couple of years, as we’ve built our own team in China plus we spent money on slotting, getting product into that market. So we think all of that, whether it would be Latin America, which has been growing very nicely for us and in Asia-Pac, whether it would be China or Southeast Asia, we’ve made a lot of investments in the past. And now we think we can reap the benefits of continued strong organic growth without those investments repeating. That’s just – that’s why we feel, so confident that we can continue to deliver on the operating margin, because we’re going to get leverage in the P&L. So we’re going to get that on marketing and we’re going to get that on SG&A, for sure.
Steven Cugine: You know it’s a funny thing, and [indiscernible] is here. He runs our GMG business and he would say this year, we had strong growth in EMEA and in Latin America. Latin America is smaller for us, but fast growing. We made those investments in China, we saw very strong China growth in 2019 and we expect strong growth in Southeast Asia as well. Asia, in particular, we see is real growth engine long-term for the company, because we’re just still young and small, but growing fast.
Steven Cugine: Yes. So we look at markets where we can go direct and it really is all about SG&A leverage. So how concentrated is the retail environment. And in Germany, it’s quite concentrated. So, we were able to go direct in Germany and manage that P&L, so we get returns fast. My two buddies down here, they’re pretty disciplined about spending and returns, as you can imagine. So you really need like a 20 to 1 relationship in terms of SG&A investment to sales growth. And so where the markets are young and highly fragmented from a retail environment, it takes a lot more SG&A to make that happen. So we know the underlying economic model for us, what we need to have to shift from an export market to a subsidiary market. And we’ll make those calls as we see fit, but that is not required for us to hit our evergreen target.
Steven Cugine: Well, sometimes myopically we just look at, Oxi Laundry is down a little bit in share, but we really didn’t take a broader brush and say since we launched OXICLEAN laundry, we’ve gone from a 42 share in additive to 56 share in additives. So we’re really happy with our OXICLEAN megabrand.
Britta Bomhard: So I think you’re talking about the product I showed, that’s an e-commerce play, right? So it’s not in mass distribution, because I think I’ve said that, and you’ve seen our ambition to grow on the online class of trade, because that’s where all the consumers go and a lot of shopping happens. And currently, there is not a good loan resolution there. And that’s why we’ve developed this specific product for that class of trade, and we’re seeing phenomenal results.
Britta Bomhard: Yes. So we have a couple of exciting product, as you saw. So, for example, BATISTE foam, we are category leader and as you’ve seen, there is a huge household penetration opportunity, it’s also a new hair type. So we’re going to spend some money on educating consumers about a new way, particularly women with curly and dry hair.
Britta Bomhard: Yes, well, I love that brand. So I have to talk about brands. And I think you’ve seen the more power to you and what it does for us. We now have a similar and that’s work your magic on OXICLEAN, which is equally working extremely well across the different components of OXICLEAN. So if we have several very clear evidence the lifts after we advertise and then it’s across the different sub-segments of OXICLEAN as well. So I’m very confident, positive that OXICLEAN is a very, very strong brand and we continue to grow.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add to that. From an organic growth perspective, right, we’re calling 50 basis points for tailwinds from FLAWLESS. In Q1, we think it will be flat to slightly down, and – but pretty much 90 basis points to 100 basis points of tailwind in the second-half and that’s how you get to the 50 basis points for the full-year for organic.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I would just add, that business was flattish, the private label business for vitamins, it wasn’t declining or anything like that. We just felt that, that wasn’t the right strategic choice for the company. So we decided to proactively get out of it.
Rick Dierker: It’s – when you think about the scale and the size of that business, right, where – if we give you a sense of it, if we’re saying 100 basis points is going down for those two things, maybe two-thirds of that is the private label and one-third of that is the laundry stuff. So, any impact on margin is pretty minimal.
Rick Dierker: And then from a margin basis, we wouldn’t really say much, but it’s at brand average. Year one we have, of course, cost to drive volume for incrementality.
Rick Dierker: The 10 basis points does represent the 1% EPS drag and it’s really for the new launches, right. The one on the table, we’ll really get behind that in a big way. The NU RAZOR for FLAWLESS get behind that in a big way. And then maybe, Britta, if you want to talk about.
Rick Dierker: It doesn’t. I was trying to give you a sense that on a reported basis in Q1, that it could be flat to down. The organic impact is 50 basis points for the full-year. All of that’s in the second-half, around 100 basis points.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Matt pretty much covered it. We’re working very closely with our suppliers. And what we know so far is the one to two-week delay that Matt referenced on starting up after Chinese New Year. We have ample safety stock don’t anticipate a material impact to Q1, but it’s something we’ll continue to monitor on a regular basis.
