Matthew T. Farrell: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us, today. I'll provide some color on the quarter, and then turn the call over to Rick Dierker, our CFO. When Rick is finished, we'll have a Q&A session. So reported growth was 11.2%, which reflects strong organic growth and the Waterpik acquisition. We're very pleased with the organic sales growth of 3.2%. That was driven by 7.1% volume growth domestically. Our targeted investment spending has translated into share growth, as 7 out of our 11 power brands exceeded or met category growth. Both the International Consumer business and the Specialty Products business turned in really strong numbers. We're on track to achieve 8.5% full year earnings growth. Our International Consumer business exceeded our expectations with 6.2% organic growth. As you know, we continue to invest in our international business to sustain our long-term algorithm of 6% organic growth. Last year, we opened new offices in Singapore and Panama to support our export business. In August of this year, we established a new subsidiary in Germany to expand our European business. And over the last 12 months, we have been taking a hard look at Asia and the best approach to that region. There will be a lot more to come on this topic in the future. Our Specialty Products business had a strong quarter with 7.5% organic growth. U.S. dairy farm profitability remains at a higher level than a year ago. We are starting to get more traction outside of dairy in poultry and cattle. The acquisition of the Agro BioSciences business earlier this year is an important building block for animal productivity business. We've seen good growth for the probiotics products – that's a tongue twister. We have seen good growth for the probiotics products in the poultry industry and our new business development efforts in the dairy industry are translating into new sales. Turning, now, to some of our domestic categories, the laundry category declined 30 bps in Q3, driven by higher promotional levels and slower unit dose category growth, yet our laundry business grew 380 basis points in consumption. Once again, we were able to grow share in the quarter. That momentum has carried into October – and by the way, October promotional levels have also come back in line. ARM & HAMMER liquid detergent grew share for the 31st consecutive quarter. OXICLEAN laundry detergent gained share sequentially with improved efficacy claims and packaging. And now, finally, unit dose, behind our new Triple Chamber unit dose innovation, our consumption has outpaced the unit dose category rate for the sixth consecutive quarter. In Q3, ARM & HAMMER unit dose grew six times the category rate. Our total unit dose share, all in for all brands, is now 4.9%. In litter, the clumping litter category grew 4.6%, and the ARM & HAMMER consumption grew 5.4% and gained share. Our new litter innovation, SLIDE, has already reached 4% share (3:47) of the clumping litter segment and we grew share 60 bps in the quarter. SLIDE has a greater six-month repeat customer purchase rate than the last 14 category launches that we've had, except for Clump & Seal, which is slightly better. So, we feel good about the future of the SLIDE product. The dry shampoo category grew 33% in Q3. The dry shampoo category is now $140 million in the U.S. BATISTE grew 9.5 share points to a 33% share. BATISTE has the strongest brand loyalty of any dry shampoo in the category, including brands with significant hair care heritage. Now turning to gummies, the adult gummy category grew 13% in the quarter, while our business grew consumption approximately 2%. vitafusion, which is our adult gummy business, is contending with significant competitive discounting. There's been a lot of BOGOs going on in gummy vitamins. We haven't been participating, so that's been slowing our growth. The condom category declined in consumption by 2.7% in the quarter. TROJAN Condom share in measured channels was down, although some of that is offset by online consumption. As we discussed in our Q2 call, younger people are having less sex, plus we're seeing an increase in use of non-latex condoms. Innovation is always a catalyst to category growth. Our new XOXO condom, which is geared towards women, is going very well. Finally, we closed the Waterpik acquisition in the quarter. We were attracted to Waterpik because it has a bright future as consumer awareness of the importance of gum health continues to grow. Next up is Rick to give you some details on Q3 results and the outlook for the rest of the year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. We said on prior calls that our – the three big brands that generally drive the international business are STERIMAR, BATISTE and – I forgot the third one. FEMFRESH, yeah. STERIMAR, BATISTE and FEMFRESH. In addition to that, in North America, ARM & HAMMER has been growing really well for us, ARM & HAMMER laundry detergent, both in Canada and in Mexico. You know, as far as the business goes, the business is extremely healthy and we've had broad-based growth across virtually all of our countries in the third quarter. As I said before, our long-term algorithm is for the international business to grow 6% annually, and we're confident that we can deliver that. As far as my comments earlier about Asia, so Asia-Pacific is extremely attractive to us. It has a growing middle class. I mean, the countries we'd be most interested there would be Indonesia, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand. And with a growing middle class using increasing consumption of personal care products, and our products are under-represented there, so we're looking at consolidating our resources in that area, making more investments in the future.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. You're only the second question in, Kevin, so you didn't miss it. So, our categories in the first half of the year grew 1.5%. That's ticked down a bit in the third quarter; a little over 1% for our categories, so – and we expect the same for Q4, and I think that's reflected in our full year call, up 2.5%. The other piece of that is international. International has had big growth for three quarters. They're going to be much lower in the fourth quarter, and that's – it can be somewhat lumpy in international, and one of the reasons for that is because of export. We have lots of different countries, so it doesn't always come in that evenly. It's no reflection of our long-term expectation of international, but international will be part of the story for the fourth quarter and why we'd be a little bit short.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. No, we came in at 6% – 6% and change organic for the quarter for international. It's early – we had a big first quarter for international, so it's a little bit lumpy. So, it'll be our lowest quarter of the year, but it's just going to fall over into 2018.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. We didn't get into that level of detail as far as the net sales growth in the quarter, but what I can say is – what we had said is it's going to grow above our evergreen target of 4%. The business did perform well in August and September. So, we think that this business is going to be a big part of our story going forward. Some things we've learned, it's a very innovative culture; 20% of the business is online, which might be astonishing to you. It's sort of very sophisticated in how to sell online. I would think international is a big opportunity, because only $50 million of their business is international today. And of course, we have a $700 million business in international. So, we have a lot of leverage that we can help those guys grow their business. So, it's – we're very happy with this acquisition. The integration is going very well. Integration is not dependent upon people as much as it is a focus on how we can leverage the Church & Dwight with the suppliers and, also, the networks that we have internationally to grow their business.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, tapering pricing in this environment is very difficult. I mean, generally the only categories you're going to be taking price in is where you have a clear number one share, and even then, you need to have a story with respect to input costs. So, that would be, for example, in condoms for latex. So, I think price – pass-through of input costs is generally difficult. Typically, what you see is changing in quantity sizes, in ounces and units in a package, is how you're going to get price.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, as you know, Jason, we only give our outlook every February. So, we have no intention of giving a 2018 outlook today. What I can remind everybody of is that we have an evergreen target of 3% organic growth, annually, and that target is based on Domestic growth of 2%, International of 6%, and Specialty Products of 5%. And the Specialty Products of 5% is driven by the fact that, over the last couple years, we bought a couple of businesses, one was VI-COR, the other Agro BioSciences that got us into things other than dairy, so we're expecting a lot of growth from that business going forward.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, we're already seeing those trends in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that both vitamin consumption and condom consumption has improved from quarter-to-quarter. Now, we can – it's a little early with respect to answering your fourth quarter question when XOXO could be part of that story for condoms. And obviously, we had some new innovation on the vitamin side of the business. BATISTE, of course, is in dry shampoo, has been a rocket ship for us. You might have probably heard on my comments that that category grew 33% year-over-year in the third quarter and, at the same time, we grew share tremendously and we are at 33% share. That's a category that's $140 million. And if it grows as fast as the UK and where the UK levels off, it will be a $300 million category. So it gives you a little bit of color on three categories in Personal Care.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I think the way to think about categories is you got to look at the volumes. So, the volumes are healthy in a lot of categories, so the real story is, when it comes to dollars, it's simply price; and, that's going to vary from category to category. And typically, it's much greater in household categories than it is in personal care, but as long as volumes stay healthy, I think that's a good barometer. So, I don't think that the price is something that is going to last permanently, but certainly it's something we're all dealing with now.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. As far as your question on Waterpik, as I said before, it's a really impressive group of people that run that business. And when it comes to working online, it's early days, but what we've seen with respect to their development of web pages, the development of content for online, their social listening skills, the fact that they're already focused on Amazon, have sales on Amazon in Europe, they've been in it for – and more sophisticated than we've been for a number of years. So, we do think we can learn a lot from these guys. As far as is there any one specific category that would benefit, I mean, certainly it would be Personal Care more than Household because Personal Care lends itself more to online sales than Household. But it's a good question and we're very happy that these guys are now part of the family.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Sure, Caroline. On the second one, in terms of the mix between units versus replacement, it's predominantly units, okay. It's a very small percentage that's replacements. That's not really as applicable at this time, right. Maybe that'll change one day in the future, but right now, it's largely just the replacement units and it's like a three-year replacement cycle, in general. So that's why innovation is so important, but that's also why category penetration is really the driver behind that business. And then, your first question was on Waterpik and just the contribution. We're not going to give details of the businesses; we just don't. That's not our past practice. We haven't done that with any acquisition, whether it was Avid, Orajel, or OxiClean. I'm trying to be as clear as we can, but for EPS it's a neutral impact for the year and that's what we're going to stick with.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, look, when it comes to vitamins, the category is healthy. There are a lot more competitors out there right now than when we first bought the business, so there's lots of options for consumers. The space has expanded, as far as when you go on shelf, and the space has expended largely for the existing pill brands that are now creating gummy products and expanding gummy products, like Nature Made, Nature's Bounty, Centrum. And there's a fair amount of brand loyalty when somebody switches from pills to capsules, and BOGOs are exacerbating that transition. So, we haven't been engaging in the BOGOs, which as I said, is affecting our ability to grow. We do have a new ad campaign right now to try to break through the noise in the gummy category and we do expect to be up in the fourth quarter. But yeah, it's concerning and something that we continue to watch, Caroline.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. I mean, in gummy vitamins, we're the number one gummy on Amazon. In fact, our shares are super high in Amazon in comparison to what they are in bricks and mortar, so no worries there right now.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. The reason for that is private label today in laundry, and has been for a long, long time, is generally mid-tier. It's not a deep value. And if you look at the long-term trends, mid-tier has been the share donor to premium and to value detergent for a long, long time. And the reason you don't have a value in private label is because you already have deep value laundry detergent products on shelf, and so it's very difficult to make any money in deep value and come in as the opening price point below an extreme value laundry detergent. So, yeah, private label laundry detergent really is miniscule in the U.S. for that reason.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I wouldn't say it's a distribution game. It's really more innovation. So, the folks at Waterpik are experts in water jet technology. And just as they have the number one share and really own the water flosser category, they also have the number one share in replacement showerheads. So, there's – regulations typically affect the replacement showerhead business. In other words, the number of gallons per minute, today, generally around 2.0; that's going to go lower in the future. Question is, do you have the technology to deliver the same consumer experience that you did when you had a higher water flow? So, it's – to go back to your question, it's not a distribution game. It's really an innovation game.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I'll give you an example of innovation. So, one of the new products is a Pet Wand. So, you know that more people have pets than children today, and that continues to grow. So, it's getting behind that particular trend. So, its translating their technology in the shower into a wand for washing your pets.
Matthew T. Farrell: And to answer your second question, in my time with the company, we have looked at bigger transactions than the Waterpik transaction, which is our most recent one. And as far as other structures go, yeah, we're no strangers to visitors from the major banks coming in, proposing combinations with various companies in the past through other structures, which we'd always be open to to the extent that it is going to create shareholder value. But that's about all I could say.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. As far as how you react to a competitor move to take price down, typically it's IRCs, immediately redeemable coupons, those are things you can act on pretty quickly. As far as trade deals with the retailers, usually that's going to be six months out.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And even on a stack basis in Q4, Kevin, we're still in the low-teens for the international business, so it's not like it's dropping off the face of the earth.
Richard A. Dierker: You know, I did go through the gross margin bridge in my prepared comments. I'll rehash it really quick for you, and then talk about the go forward. But we said net of higher volumes and leverage on that, plus promotional levels, was a drag of 100 basis points in the quarter; 100 basis points to the good was the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, and productivity programs helped by 30 basis points. Currency was a drag of 10 basis points and commodities were a hurt of 30 basis points. Now, on a go-forward basis, yeah, we are confident that gross margin is expanding. I think for the full year, the number's probably going to fall a little bit closer to the 20% than the 40% that our original outlook was. That's predominantly because of some of the resin costs, right. We do have a great hedging program, but some of that does impact us. We've had some mix headwinds from Personal Care versus Household. But the good news is that in Q4, as you look at our trends of negative price mix over the past couple quarters, we talked about it last call, domestic business in Q2 was down 600 basis points in price mix; this quarter is down 490 basis points. We expect it to be closer to flat, maybe slightly negative, in the fourth quarter. Why? Because a lot of our lower couponing – we have lower couponing around our new products, like the new litter and unit dose are doing well, so the trial generating activities ramp down and some of our promotional levels are being lapped. So, we had negative price in the laundry category a year ago in Q4. And then, we have improved Personal Care performance, as well, expectations in Q4. So, I would say the short answer is we expect the base business gross margin to continue to have momentum. We don't have any expectations for the base gross margin to be going backwards in any way. We continue to think that we have expansion there for next year, for sure.
Richard A. Dierker: It's kind of fuzzy, because we have three or four metrics that we talk about and go through, with and without Waterpik. I would tell you, including Waterpik, we do not because there is transition and implementation integration costs, but we're slightly positive ex Waterpik.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. You have to wait till next year to get an update. There is a – we tried to give some visibility when we had the Waterpik acquisition on how we were thinking about it. There's also lots of puts and takes that we'll talk about in February, and we're going to wait until then to do it, right. Resin keeps coming up, right. And lots of forecasts out there are calling a return to pre-hedge pricing, but you see a lot of our peers taking big call downs in their external outlook. We don't think that's going to happen, for example, but we're not going to go through that level of detail right now in November. We're going to wait until February to give you the full soup-to-nuts forecast that we typically do.
Richard A. Dierker: And to answer your other question, Rupesh, in Q3 Matt had said categories – our categories were around 1.1% growth in October, it was closer to 2%, as an example. Why? Because some of the promotional levels weren't as deep and they were lapping some higher promotional levels in Q4 year-ago.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Sure. This is Rick. I'll take the first one and Matt will talk about the Waterpik e-commerce. Your questions really shift into consumption. So, consumption was around 2.3% for the quarter. We have a 200 basis point drag from couponing, right. That doesn't get measured in Nielsen-type data and – similar to last quarter. And then, we have 200 basis points of positive from untracked channels, like online and club. We said in the release that our online business was up 70%, for example. That's really VMS, litter and TROJAN are the three – the big ones on online business. So, that's how we get to our shipment number or organic number of around 2.2% for Domestic.
Richard A. Dierker: I agree with Matt. It's not a distribution game. We are having some early success getting the Waterpik sales team in front of some other customers that we have a larger presence at. So, we're happy about that as part of integration as well.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I'll take the buyback one and I'll let Matt comment on the RMT-type stuff. This is very in line with our history, right. We've got a $500 million repurchase authorization. We've done that pretty much every other year. It's just in line with our – really capital allocation model; doesn't mean we're going to go spend $500 million next year on share buyback. It just gives us the flexibility and authorization. So, yeah, historical levels that you would expect is what we probably would do in the future, in concert with paying down debt; and, number one priority, also, is going after the right acquisitions.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And we're not saying that we expect to see dramatic improvement in the level of promotion. We're saying that we're starting to lap some of the negative promotion from year ago, some of the couponing spends going down around new products because the trial period has passed, and our mix from Household and Personal Care is improving. So, while October's a good early read, it's also not our expectation that promotional levels go down significantly.
