Rick Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. We'll start with EPS. Second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.76, flat to prior year. The $0.76 was better than our $0.70 outlook primarily due to continued strong consumer demand and lower marketing spend due to below normal fill rates in our personal care business. The market impact was about $0.04 in the quarter. Good news is our overall fill rate continued to show improvement and hit 89% for Q2. Reported revenue was up 4.2%, reflecting a 1% drag from currency. Organic sales were up 3.4%, in line with our outlook. Matt reviewed the top-line for the segment, so I will go right to gross margin for the company. Our second quarter gross margin was 41.2%, a 220 basis point decrease from a year ago. Let me walk you through the Q2 bridge. Gross margin was impacted by 600 basis points of higher manufacturing costs primarily related to commodity inflation, distribution and labor as well as a 10 basis point drag from currency. These costs were offset by a positive 270 basis point impact from price volume mix, positive 20 basis points from acquisitions and a positive 100 basis points from productivity. Moving to marketing. Marketing was down $14 million year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of net sales was 7.8%, and we expect two-thirds of advertising to be concentrated in the second half as case fill improves. For SG&A, Q2 adjusted SG&A decreased 10 basis points year-over-year. Other expense all-in was $15.1 million, a $3.7 million increase resulting from higher average debt outstanding. And for income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 24.1% compared to 24% a year ago. And now to cash. For the first six months of 2022, cash from operating activities decreased 10% to $310 million due to lower cash earnings and higher working capital driven by higher inventory levels. We expect inventory to get back in line by year end. And as of June 30, cash on hand was $640 million. Looking ahead to Q3, we expect reported sales growth of approximately 2% to 4%, organic sales growth of approximately 1% to 3% and gross margin contraction. Sequentially, we are decelerating from Q2 and as our VMS business comps to COVID surge a year ago, and we see a tightening in the consumer for our discretionary products such as WATERPIK and FLAWLESS. Those two reasons, coupled with the inventory issues we've all heard from retailers compressed Q3 growth. Adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.55 per share, a 19% decrease from last year's adjusted Q3 EPS. This is largely due to higher SG&A, which is normalized levels of incentive comp versus a year ago, plus higher marketing and promotional support. We expect higher EPS in Q4 to offset the Q3 decline driven by acceleration of organic growth in the absence of prior year onetime investment. And now to the full year. We now expect the full year outlook for reported sales growth to be approximately 4% to 6%, reflecting an incremental drag from currency of 1%. We now expect organic sales growth to be approximately 3% to 4%. As you read in the release, we now expect an incremental $135 million of cost inflation for the year, which is $50 million higher than our April outlook. On a longer time horizon, we continue to plan on offsetting inflation with incremental pricing, laundry compaction, and productivity. We continue to anticipate full year reported gross margin to be down versus 2021 as inflation is partially offset by pricing and productivity. We continue to expect gross margin to improve sequentially in Q3 and increase year-over-year in Q4. Marketing spend is now expected to be lower in 2022 driven by the lower spend in the first half of the year. We now expect full year adjusted EPS to be flat to 2021 due to incremental inflation and currency headwinds. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be 23%. We expect cash from operations for the full year to be approximately $900 million, down from $920 million, and our full year CapEx plan is now approximately $180 million as we continue to expand manufacturing capacity. In closing, we continue to perform in a volatile environment. Our share performance improved again in Q2, and we expect further market share gains in the second half, as we invest in our brands and supply chain fill levels improve. And with that, Matt and I would be happy to take any questions.
Rick Dierker: Sure, Kevin. So, from EPS perspective, we've announced a second round of pricing as an example for laundry and litter that'll be a tailwind. Our personal care, fill levels returning from low 60s back to normal will be a tailwind. Promotional support because we didn't have the fill levels in the first half of the year to do promotions, like we normally would do in the back half. That's a tailwind. We think trade down is a tailwind in general in a laundry. Matt quoted some numbers on there about how will the value categories starting to grow and just that segment. So we think we're well positioned that for all those reasons for EPS. We also mentioned, Q3 is down big, but Q4 is up big and Q4 is also lapping some of those investments in one timer's that we’ve talked about previously. So that's an EPS side. On Productivity, we talked last quarter, I think Lauren asked the question about productivity phasing and that's so true because early on in this year and even late last year, it's hard to break in to get line time to go do qualification to do any productivity type efforts. And so we said it last quarter, it's still true. It's going to continue to build for the year. And as we have back at the right capacity and fill levels, then we'll have more and more time to devote to productivity at our plants.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Just to give you an example on that, Rupesh, right, we were in the low 60s on fill rate for Personal Care within the portfolio. In Q2, we had 74% in the month of July. So, we can -- we have visibility into rapidly improving that number.
Rick Dierker: Yes. As an example, Rupesh, Q3 last year, the category grew 33%. The rest of the quarters grew 19% Q1, Q2 and Q4. So, it's just -- it's more of a comp issue than--.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I'll leave you with two thoughts really. On the cost side, we do think there will be inflation next year. We think that inflation will only come down as demand comes down. And so if we enter into a recession, we think that demand will start to slow in general for the macro economy. So, we're -- usually, we would be, I don't know, 50% hedged from a commodity perspective for next year by now. We're not hedging at all as an example. Hopefully, that gives you some context.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Let me give you some numbers to go with that. So our guide for Q3 organically is 1 to 3, which implies a 5% plus number in Q4. And so as Matt said, personal care fill levels are fully back. Promotional support's there. We think trade down is accelerating as well in Q4. So all those reasons we think organically, we're doing better. That helps EPS as well, of course. But we also have some higher inflation expectations in Q3, higher SG&A as we had some one-time catch-up year ago for incentive comp was a lot lower a year ago. And then we have higher tax in Q3 as well. So we believe both organically and from an EPS perspective, we have an inflection going from Q3 to Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes. It's pretty straightforward, Chris. No change really to our pricing aspect of it. That's all going well. We threw out another round of laundry and litter. That's going well, early days. We'll continue to evaluate whether we need to do incremental pricing as cost inflation happens. But Q1 to Q2, we decelerated from a price volume -- price/mix perspective from 7.8 in Q1 to 6.2. That entire deceleration is negative mix from WATERPIK. And what do I mean by that? I mean consumers trading down from a higher-priced unit to a lower-priced unit. So that's the entire delta right there. It inflects positively again in Q3 and Q4 for the company because of the next round of laundry and litter price increases.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, I'll take the price/mix question. So first half, volume would be down 4%, and price/mix was up 7%. And that's how we got first half result of around 3%. We think the second half is down 3% on volume. That's really a slowdown in the discretionary stuff like WATERPIK Showerheads, for example, or FLAWLESS and offset by the value trade down and whatnot. Price/mix, on the other hand, is pretty consistent, 7% in the first half, 7% in the second half. And that's what I said before to Chris was really lower mix on WATERPIK is a -- as the trade down happens, therefore, is a negative, but then the positive is higher price on laundry and litter.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So I'll take the commodity one first. I think I said earlier, we have very limited hedges out for 2023. We entered this year, and I'd say we're about 80% hedged. Most of the cost inflation that we're talking about is primarily raw material impact, and that's coming through incremental discussions with third-party manufacturers. And it just takes a while for it to go through the supply chain. Our outlook this time versus last time is minimal on commodities, I would say. Of course, the diesel is up and -- but that is hedged to some degree. And ethylene is up, and that is hedged to some degree. So that's on the commodity side. On currency, a couple of comments on currency. For us, we're not that exposed to currency. We just called out the 1% drag on the top line, 1% drag on the bottom line. We don't, of course, hedge in translational. Transactionally, we hedge about 80% of our transactional exposures, whether that's the euro or the Canadian dollar.
Rick Dierker: And you're right. We walked away from private label manufacturing for vitamins a couple of years ago, to get back into that. On gross margin mix, there's not much of a mix impact on vitamins, whether it grows or it decline from a revenue perspective. Just to talk about gross margin in aggregate, right? In Q1, we were down 190. In Q2, we said it was a lot like Q1 and it did, down 220. Q3, we're going to improve from -- a little bit from Q2, but it's not going to be the same improvement that we had thought previously. And then in Q4, we think we're going to inflect positive. And it's the same reasons why we talked about last time, personal care fill levels, productivity builds, round to pricing. And gross margin in Q4 last year was one of our lower quarters. So I know you didn't ask the detail on gross margin, Andrea, but I thought that would be helpful in context.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. I think you saw in the release, we said we had to get back in line by year-end. And really, WATERPIK wasn't really because of consumption per se. It was more because we were trying to get ahead of the Chinese lockdown that happened. So we built up supply. And so yes, it takes a couple of quarters to work through that, especially as consumption comes in a little bit. But we think we'll be in a good spot by end of the year on that one. Similar answer on FLAWLESS. We think we're going to be in a good spot there as well. And then at retail, I think in-stock levels are good, especially for our household business. I think where we're still struggling is our personal care as our fill levels are lower than we like. But we think that we're going to recover pretty quick in the back half.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Hey, Steve, it's Rick. I think the back half of the category will be under pressure as it was elevated and really all of Q3 for the Delta spike last year and a little bit in Q4. So that's our view. Now remember, if you take a big step back, the category has more than doubled over the last two years or three years. So again, we're really happy with the vitamin category. In terms of fill levels for vitamins, they get better every single day. We really have two issues on two SKUs, and that's really driving the issue right now. And it's ingredient-related, and we finally worked through alternates. In the next 30 days or so, we should be back on vitamin fill.
Rick Dierker: Exactly right. It's more about 6 to 12 months in order to design a mold, cut a mold, to do a -- change parts, order the change parts for a line to do a different size carton. Those are the types of things that take time.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I think right now, like we just said with Lauren, we're really focused on pack size changes and adjustments that way, which is effectively a price increase. We just think not as severe for a consumer. And then if inflation continues to go and we continue to chase the ball downhill, we'll evaluate doing incremental pricing.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, I think you hit it on the head, Dara. In general, our comments wouldn't change from last quarter. We saw a 20% to 30% better than expected on elasticities for volume. The new laundry and litter price increases just went into effect a few weeks ago. So it's kind of too early to comment. But if there's any noise, it's usually because of fill levels, not because of price volume sensitivities.
Rick Dierker: And, Dara, I will say that, in general, we're happy with all of our price gaps. And even when we've led in a category, if you take a step back, then the category has also reacted. And so within a few months, all the price gaps are back to normal.
Matt Farrell: It’s a pretty broad question, Kevin. Yeah. As far as the categories go, let's start with discretionary. So I did mention that both the water flossers and FLAWLESS were both struggling due to trade down. Trade down for WATERPIK but also the absence of new products for FLAWLESS. But -- if you think about our portfolio, 90% of our portfolios are just our everyday essentials, only 10% that's related to discretionary products. So, we -- although we spend a lot of time talking about the discretionary products and because they do have it have had an impact on full year call, it's not the whole story. You have, I mentioned that we had growth in 11 out of our 17 categories that we're in, and we do expect that to continue in the second half. There are a few categories I call that besides of WATERPIK and FLAWLESS like Spin brush for example, rapid was down a little bit. As far as others -- and another one that was soft in the quarter depilatories and also oral gel, but everywhere else you know those categories you saw you saw growth.
Matt Farrell: We expect the fill rates to be back where it should be, which is in the mid to high 90s by the end of the year, Rupesh. Household is ahead of Personal Care right now. Of course, Personal Care is our higher-margin stuff. So, that's the one we're focused on the most right now.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And as far as the vitamins go, if you keep in mind, you've grown off really gigantic base in the last couple of years with growth in 2020 and 2021. So, although the growth rate is slowing down. It's because of the comps year-over-year, but last year Q3 was just a huge spike for -- in the quarter because of the Delta variant, Q3 of last year. So, consequently, that's a really tough comp and so consequentiality we expect it to go negative year-over-year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Okay. Well, there are a lot of factors influencing this. So for example, the fill level improvement, we're leaving money on the table in several categories. So we do think that once that gets fixed, particularly on the personal care side that we're going to benefit from that. And that's more back-end loaded to Q4 than Q3. It is true that we've got both trade and advertising in place for Q3 and Q4. We do think as the economy, the recession or what some people call a recession deepens that the trade down will continue and accelerate. So that's an element of it as well. So I mean, you're calling out the right levers with respect to the second half.
Matt Farrell: Andrea, this is Matt. Just with respect to private label, private label shares in vitamins are stable. So, we're not seeing growth in private label. The only one -- only of the five categories we compete in, it's only litter that had an uptick.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And you asked about WATERPIK as well on inventory at the on-shelf or at the retailers. Thing to kind of remind everybody is that WATERPIK, about half the flosser business is online. And so there isn't a lot of inventory that's really carried by the online class of trade. So we don't see there's an issue there with respect to WATERPIK inventories or softness in sales because of high inventories in the channel.
Matt Farrell: Well, if you think about value detergent now, some of the numbers that I quoted just like in the last four-week period ended July 17 is that value laundry detergent is up 11%, and deep value is up 1%, and premium is a minus 1. So that's -- so we would say -- and by the way, there isn't a lot of private label in the laundry category, liquid laundry detergent. It's generally mid-tier. So it's higher priced than our brands. So that's not an issue when it comes to that category. In litter, the category grew like 11%, 12% in the quarter. We grew even faster. And it wasn't just our premium brand, our black box, [indiscernible] but our yellow box, which is the value grew double digit as well. There is litter private label. But as I said earlier, it's ticked up 1% to 11.9%, but we haven't interacted as much with the private label as some of our peers. The other big category would be vitamins, where it's stable. And just a few other ones just to mention is you have baking soda and also oral analgesics, which is Orajel. And again, the private label shares are pretty stable right now.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And Steve, the other thing just to add to what Rick said, yes, we're super happy with the growth of the category over the last few year, but keep in mind that the other tailwind is the transition from pills and capsules to gummies. That's going to sustain the growth of the gummy category in the future. And of course, new ingredients and new product offering assist the other catalysts.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, we'll start with M&A. Our two most recent acquisitions were ZICAM in a couple of years ago in 2020, which got us into a cold shortening category, and then TheraBreath, which got us into mouthwash. So we continue to seek out everyday essentials. We're very happy with the WATERPIK acquisition. Of course, it's discretionary. It's a longer purchase cycle. But this business grew high single digits since we bought it in 2017. And long-term, it has terrific growth prospects. So for the long-term investor, this is a good brand to own. We've got a lot of opportunity outside the US. And yes, okay, we're going sideways right now, but keep in mind that the change in EPS is driven by cost and currency. And we've left money on the table in the first six months of the year because of our fill rates. If not for that, we'd be in far better shape. But it's water under the bridge. We do think by the end of the year, we'll have our fill rates back in line. We'll be growing from a smaller base with respect to WATERPIK, but we do think that once the economy settles down again, that will rekindle the growth of WATERPIK. And as far as acquisitions go, those acquisitions, WATERPIK met all of our criteria. We don't have a criteria that it's got to be -- that it can't be discretionary. But certainly, we are oriented towards buying everyday essential brands, and you can expect that from us in the future.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Hey Lauren, really from a pricing perspective, you're right. We said last quarter that primarily next year, we're focused on pack size versus pure price increases. Now of course, with new inflation and new news, we will react accordingly. And we'll see if we have to do any incremental price changes as well, right? So, I'd say it'd probably be both. On CapEx, it's immaterial to CapEx outlook on change parts for like a line, for a carton or for a new mold, for a bottle. So, it's a handful of million dollars or so, it's not that impactful.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Well, what I would say there is through the end of June, we were pretty happy with elasticities. Remember, we have new price increases that are just hitting shelf in July. That will be for both laundry and for litter. So that's the one we're going to watch now over the next quarter. And as far as the promotional environment goes, there was a pullback in Q2. If you look at liquid laundry, for example, the sold-on deal was around 31%. And that was down 60 or 70 basis points year-over-year. And there were some big pullbacks brand by brand. So the Purex was down 500 basis points year-over-year. We were down 340. So we pulled back because we were going through concentration, and others may be pulling back as a way to modulate price. And also in litter, litter's also a category that promotions are down again year-over-year. Sold-on deals around 11%. It's normally in the high teens. And then back to liquid laundry, about 31% sold-on deal. That's normally in the mid-30s. So the promotional environment has been pretty tepid so far year-to-date. And as for our most recent price increases, we're going to kind of watch the third quarter and see how they react with our peers.
Matt Farrell: Well, laundry is the big one, where we expect that trade down. I'd say that's the big swinger. And we've already seen it. We started to see this. Remember, in Q1, what we said was that the previous several quarters that value detergent have been losing share to premium. That changed in Q1, and that held share versus premium. Q2, value starts growing faster than premium. And in the latest four weeks, value detergent is, like I said, is up significantly 11% versus the premium down 1%. So we do think that, that's going to accelerate. Now that could be muted a bit with our most recent price increases. And consequently, we have to see what happens with our competitors and where the timing of their price increases. But I think everything is going to be in place by the fourth quarter, many price increases that others have been contemplating. And yeah, we do have a fair amount of support, both advertising and trade behind our detergent in the second half. So that's the reason, the context for why we think things are going to accelerate.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. You got to remember, Tide premium is twice the price of ARM & HAMMER. So I don't think that, that's as big a factor. Now yes, it's true that Tide Simply is still is around. That was not in place back in 2009 in the last recession. But up until our recent price increase, we had a significant price gap with Tide Simply. And we'll have to see what happens with their pricing in the second half, the pricing and trade.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Okay. Well, look, it's a simple story, all right? Our reported now for the full year is 4% to 5%, organic 3% to 4%. And we did call down the EPS from 4% to flat. Why? Because 1% is currency, and the rest, the other 3% is cost. Shares are healthy. Fill rates are improving. Trade down is happening. And we've got big support in place for the second half, and we'll talk again with you at the end of October.
