Matthew Farrell: Yes. You asked a good question with respect to marketing. As everybody knows, last year, in 2020, our marketing as a percentage of sales was 10%. It was kind of a low point for us. And what contributed to that was all our difficulties with the fill rate, et cetera. And we said, hey, we're going to build that back. We want to get back to 11%. At least, we go halfway there in 2023. And you can see from -- and we had a really good first quarter. We let some of that flow through to EPS on a full year basis. So we took up our estimate from 0% to 4% to 2% to 4%, but we always take a long-term view with the company. So yes, to the extent that we have even better performance in future quarters, it's going to give us an opportunity to go higher than 10.5% as a percent of sales. And whenever we're in a position like this, and it's been a few years since we've been flushed, but there's three destinations. First is going to be growth. So we'll be looking to pay for marketing. Can we go higher than 10.5%. For international, we have a lot of runway there. So one thing we could do there with respect to regulatory, we get a third-party help to help us knock out product registrations that might have been scheduled for next year or the year after. And there's always R&D projects as well that we can allocate to. And then from an efficiency standpoint, we're -- like most companies, we're trying to automate this place. And there are discrete projects we can accelerate to automate some repetitive transaction processing in the company. And also there's always IT investments. And finally, with respect to the environment, we're really focused on our sustainability. So there are projects with respect to sustainability like alternative packaging that we could fast forward as well. So it gives us the degrees of freedom, so we're in a good spot here looking forward for the rest of the year, Kevin.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. The vitamin fill rate is improving sequentially month by month take November, December, January, February, March, which is a really good thing. As far as the category goes, if you look at the last few categories for gummies, you may remember in the third quarter last year, a big decline to gummies were at 8%. But then Q4 was down 10% and Q1 down, 2.3%. So I would say it's really stabilized, which is a good thing for us. Now we did lose share in the first quarter, again due to our fill rate difficulties. But we anticipated some of that. And we probably benefited a bit because the category was stronger than we expected. So consequently, the vitamin business wasn't a drag on our outlook. They hit their plan for the first quarter. And we think things should improve from here for the rest of the year.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, the elasticity and -- yes, we've been taking price for the past couple of years. In some cases, we've taken it 2x or 3x depending on the category like litter or laundry detergent. So the gaps -- the price gaps between brands are actually largely similar to they were pre-COVID. And so I would say that there's no story there right now.
Matthew Farrell: I think you answered the question for me, Dara. We're three months into the - and we follow a lot of companies. And so we're not alone and having a good first quarter but not necessarily falling along through just because there's always a certainty with respect to the economy. So that has [technical difficulty]. So we do have the freedom now to take a long view and increase our marketing from 10.5% higher. And we have all of the place where we can put money, which I went through with Kevin, growth, efficiency or sustainability projects. They're all available to us. So yes, we feel like we got a lot of flexibility going forward for the rest of the year.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, I'll give some insight on WATERPIK. So as I said, we're happy with the progress in WATERPIK. They hit their internal number. So not a drag on our outlook. But the economy is affecting consumer behavior. Consumers are either not buying or trading down to lower-cost flossers. On the push side, our lunch and lunch are back to normal with the high-volume dental offices. And of course, that's very important to recommendations for first purchases of water flossers. But I would say we're -- we went into the year saying it's going to be a little choppy the first six months, and I think that the comps will get easier in the second half. And vitamins -- on the vitamin side as well, the category performed better than expected. It was only down 2% in the first quarter. And as I said, our fill rates have improved monthly so that now we're getting into the high 80s. And so it's one of the drags on our total company fill rate. And as that progresses, we're going to be in a better position to win back share.
Matthew Farrell: And the only thing I would add to that is that we were out of the gate early in some of our categories with respect to pricing. And so consequently, the passage of time, pricing is going to have less of an impact on us and volume, greater. So we think that the flat line is a great story for the company, and expecting positive volumes for the year, again, this is typically what investors expect from us.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, look, it's a combination of both. Yes, the ARM & HAMMER brand is a very powerful brand. We got a $5.4 billion of sales. $2 billion of it is ARM & HAMMER. So we're able to advertise ARM & HAMMER across lots of different categories. But when we look at the macro numbers, just look at value laundry detergent grew 9% while premium laundry detergent declined 3%. That's in the category, all brands, premium, all brands, value. So it's clearly happening. That's our biggest category. And then when we look at litter, we see the same thing. We have a black box, which is our premium cat litter. And we've got a yellow box, which serves our value cat litter. And we see these consumers have traded down within the category from the black box to the yellow box. But that's where you have the power of the brand, where people stick with ARM & HAMMER as opposed to move over to a different brand. So I'd say it's probably a combination of both, Bill.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, yes. No, that's a good one. We said 8 out of 14 brands that gained share in the quarter. We were almost at nine. We just missed it by hair with Extra. And I would say in recent weeks, Extra has shown a lot of strength. So we think that, that one could turn positive for us as a share grower in future quarters. That's more evidence of trade down, right, Extra - catching fire.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And with respect to pricing, obviously, we do watch what happens and what our competitors do in all of our categories. But with respect to any recent price increases, not just in laundry, but elsewhere, it would be too early to tell. We needed a quarter or two before we can comment on it. What I will add though is that -- and I think Olivia might ask this question earlier, our friends sold on deal. So if you look at liquid laundry detergent and look at it a year ago, the sold-on deal was 31%. And if you look at where it is today, Q1 2023, 31.7%. So another big change year-over-year in promotions. And even sequentially, Q4 was 32% and Q1, 31.7%. So things are pretty stable in the liquid laundry. It's a different story in cat litter. Cat litter, a year ago, sold on deal was 10.7%. And first quarter this year was 14.9%. So it's been kind of a stair step up quarter-by-quarter over the last five quarters. In fact, Q4 was 13.9%. So it's up another 100 bps. And historically, and we've talked about this on previous calls, the litter sold-on deal is typically much higher in the high teens, 18%, 19%, 20%. And I guess the other promotional category would be vitamins. And last year, was 38.9%. Sold-on deal in Q1 this year is 38.5%. So I think that gives you a little bit more color on what's going on with respect to pricing and promotions.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. No, but Andrea, we would never telegraph our plans. But typically, we're going to react to competition when it comes to trade.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. As far as marketing goes, we're -- what we have in our forecast is we're modeling 10.5%. But if you look at what our -- what happened in the first quarter, first quarter, we're up 70 bps. And we said for the full year, we'd be up 50 bps. So our track record so far is as we get into a quarter. And to the extent we have the same experience we've had in Q1 in Q2, then we have the opportunity to take it up again more than 50 bps. But it's going to be pay-as-you-go.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. I think that was the last question. We're going to wrap it up right now. We'll talk to you at the end of the second quarter.
Richard Dierker: Yes, I'll give you a couple of comments, Kevin. It's Rick. I think both is the answer. Velocities are even better than we expected. And I think distribution gains and TDPs are even better than we expected, faster than we expected. I think in the -- maybe Matt script, he commented about TDPs for HERO and we're 50% higher since we bought the business already...
Richard Dierker: Yes, yes. We don't think there's a huge disconnect actually. We -- IRI consumption is 7%. That included some of the HERO consumption. And so that got -- if you back that out, that's around 6%. So 6% is what IRI would say is our organic consumption. And we were at 5.5%. And the drag is, as you would say, it's from untracked channels like WATERPIK, for example, online or other businesses. So with the disconnect, it's a little bit closer.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And I partially thought I was answering that when I answered Chris' question. I probably got cut off. So in 2022, those three businesses, we said in the release, at the end of 2022, they were about a 4% drag for the three businesses. In Q1, they were closer to 3% drag. And I said we expect personal care organic to inflect positively in the back half. And a big reason is because those businesses are not a drag. And furthermore, Matt said it in his script, but it was very encouraging that WATERPIK and vitamins hit their internal plan numbers.
Richard Dierker: Yes, sure, Rupesh, it's Rick. Domestically, we're now calling 3% to 4%. International between 5% and 7%. SPD is actually slightly negative and that gets us to the total company organically of 3% to 4%.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And it's kind of early to call any impact from concentration that just rolled out late Q1, but we expect that will be positive.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And it's very rare that if you look back at our history that we've ever raised after one quarter. Typically, we talk about that in the second quarter. So this is a bit of a positive.
Richard Dierker: Yes. So those two are stabilized and -- expectations. The third one is FLAWLESS. Retail inventories are moving slower than we expected. That's partly have an impact on our inventory reserves for -- limiting inventory on our end, but we think we've appropriately captured that from here, and we're moving forward.
Richard Dierker: Yes, I'll start and then Matt probably has a point or two to add to. What we said on volumes, and just to be super clear, was they were flat in Q1, and we expect to inflect positively in the second half and for the full year. So you can infer that, that means we think they're going to be negative in Q2. Originally, our outlook was down in Q1, down in Q2 and inflect positively in the back half. So we're encouraged by what happened in Q1. That was largely because that was our largest year-over-year delta in case fill. A year ago, Q1 case fill was 72%. Q2 is 89%. So we just have less volume to make up there. Yes. So I would probably say volumes continue to impact -- inflect positively in the back half. We're now calling going to be positive for the year. And that's kind of the short story.
Richard Dierker: Yes. We haven't -- it all gets bundled into that price/volume mix on the gross margin bridge. And so our outlook in February was 180 basis point tailwind. It still is that in April, 180 basis point tailwind from price/volume mix. And that would have, for example, the litter list price increase, but it would also have pack size changes that are happening. It would have -- at times, it would have the laundry concentration benefit in there. So it's a mix. We don't break them out any more independently than that.
Richard Dierker: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Peter, for the question. In the release, we said that largely for us and our inflation expectations were unchanged. And there's puts and takes on the commodity side. Transportation costs are down. Our resin, the outlook is slightly higher. Soda-ash is higher. Sugar is higher. Some resins are down. Ethylene is down. So it's a mixed bag, but it kind of nets to kind of neutral from our original outlook. You're right, we did say at the beginning of the year that we were less hedged this year than we have in many years, just thinking that commodities would come down over time as the recession was potentially looming. And it just takes a few months for costs to actually be down and stay down before you start seeing those commodities trickling to material pricing, and tickle into -- and then you have to buy and they go on the balance sheet. They get expensed to the P&L when you sell it. So I don't know. If you see something down now, it has to be down for a few months and then probably within six months, it would flow to the P&L.
Richard Dierker: Yes, I'll take the -- just the first half, second half dynamics of pricing. But Matt's comment is true, a lot of pricing does roll over. But the first half average, we think, is in the 160s. And the second half we think is 180, 190. So the full year is 180. So we do think there's a little bit, and that's really because of our litter price increase in February, and the concentration impact that kind of flows through there as well. So those are the two things that help in the back half a little bit.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And I would just say, laundry for Q1, a little lot like Q4 from a promotional perspective like that was going through.
Richard Dierker: Well, that's for the full year. So there's also partial pricing finishing from last year when we took it midyear, that would be a benefit and a tailwind as well. And that's price/volume mix is that line on break out the three. So that's also volume growth of higher-margin brands, as an example, year-over-year. So there's a lot in that number, but I guess the answer for you, Andrea, is it's a tailwind and the tailwind gets a little bit better in the second half.
Richard Dierker: Yes, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that, that 180 basis points is also following the mix that is not just priced by itself.
Richard Dierker: Yes. These compaction levels are not to the extent that happened five years ago, 10 years ago, when we were doing 100% compaction. They are a lot more marginal. Round one happened a year ago. This is round two for us. And they just -- we don't anticipate them throwing volumes or price off in a major way.
