Jim Craigie: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. It’s always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have excellent results to report. I will start off this call by providing you with my perspective on our third quarter business results which you read about in our press release this morning. I will then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspectives on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I’ll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We’ll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I am very pleased with our third quarter business results, which were in line with our expectations despite some serious headwinds. Since January, we’ve seen greater than expected increases in commodity costs and weaker than expected consumer demand in most of the categories in which we compete. Despite these significant headwinds, we delivered record quarterly net sales in both our Domestic and International business units and for the total company. These record net sales results were driven by 4.5% organic growth in the third quarter. This strong organic growth is largely volume driven and reflects positive momentum from the first and second quarter results of 1% and 3.3% respectively. This organic revenue growth momentum has continued into the fourth quarter, which is off to a strong start. Our third quarter gross margin was slightly above year ago but below our expectations, as the significant increases in commodity costs and product mix favoring our lower margin household business largely offset our hedging and cost cutting programs. As promised, our marketing spending was up in absolute dollars versus year ago to support the launch of new products across almost every one of our Power Brands. However, our marketing spending as a percent of sales was down versus year ago due to the strong growth of our heavily trade-driven household brands. Most importantly we delivered a 12.5% earnings per share gain for the quarter, which was on top of an 11.6% earnings per share gain in the third quarter last year. Thus, we have been steadily building momentum over the course of 2011, despite an increasingly difficult business environment. All CPG companies are fighting the same headwinds, but I continue to believe that no other CPG company is as well suited as Church & Dwight to deliver exceptional performance in a tough environment. I’ll explain my rationale for that statement in a few minutes after Matt provides you with greater insights in the financial results for the third quarter. Go ahead Matt.
Jim Craigie: Look, Dara, we’re not going to give an outlook on next year yet. It is always our goal to increase ad spending. We always told you that we’ll get it up in the range of 13% to 14%. We’re just about 13% right now. So, we are getting to the point of where we think there is maximum results. But it’s always our goal initially to be looking to get it up every year. But again, I’m not going to give any details about next year. We will reveal that to you in our February earnings call.
Jim Craigie: Yes, Bill, we are starting to see it slow a little bit. Overall pricing in liquid laundry in the third quarter was relatively flat versus the second quarter. There was little bit more aggressive pricing in the value side when we competed and driven by one of our competitors, and we had to take some actions to maintain our price gaps in that segment. But we are optimistic that pricing will begin to improve going forward, but again we don’t control the world there. If our competition doesn’t want to do that, then we have to maintain our price gaps to stay competitive.
Jim Craigie: Well, two points. First of all, I mean, we don’t lead pricing in the laundry detergent category. We’re about a 10, 11 a share. The big dog in the category has about a 60 share. Secondly, on the powder side, we did take a double-digit price increase in the powder laundry business, and that is making its way into the marketplace as we speak. So, I think that you’ll see some higher pricing on powder going forward if that price increase gets fully reflected by the retailers.Per Ostlund – Jefferies & Company: Okay, good, thank you.
Jim Craigie: Alice, don’t play this game with us. We’re not going to get into volumes and dollars, it’s dollars. Dollars are where we get paid on, dollars are what you get paid on.
Jim Craigie: Excuse me, our shareholders are up over 30% this year. I think we are being very responsible to our shareholders.
Jim Craigie: Hey, Jason.Jason Gere – RBC Capital Markets: So, I guess I’ll kind go on Alice’s question, but a little differently though. As we think about the evergreen targets, it feels like next year, 3% to 4% organic should be fine. So, I guess, we are expecting a bit more on the margin side. Can you talk maybe about the opportunities still on the SG&A side versus maybe on the gross margin, because I guess to kind of get back to that 10% EPS growth, that you guys have consistently delivered over the last decade, it does imply that there is more margin coming through and marketing spending is kind of at the low end of your 13%, 14% range. So I was just kind of wondering if can parcel that out that a little bit, and then I have a follow-up.
Jim Craigie: Well, on the SG&A side we already have best-in-class performance there, but we always (inaudible) do things, we’re implementing a new companywide healthcare program next year, which we think will help to keep healthcare costs in check, and beyond that we have other programs too to keep it very tight. We have a very tight overhead, and we’re going to keep it that way and even look for ways to improve upon it.
Jim Craigie: Jason, we have delivered three years of 10% EPS growth, so that speaks for itself.Jason Gere – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I will drop off and just get back in the queue if there are – if questions are unanswered. Thanks.
Jim Craigie: Like I said before, to the extent it gets pull forward we will try to quantify it and call it out and to the extent it generates any incremental profit, we have an opportunity to invest it in marketing.
Jim Craigie: That’s just math that they get a little bit more favorable because they started to ramp up in second half of 2010.
Jim Craigie: Joe, it’s a great new platform from our Specialty Products division. I mean, air pollution is going to be a majorly growing business in this country going forward with the new EPA regulations. This joint venture will deal with old coal-fired plants, which need a fairly efficient way to meet the new air pollution requirements, and so it’s a great opportunity for us to drive some good organic growth in our Specialty Products division. It’s worth the investment.
Jim Craigie: Thanks. The answer is no. We made a lot of judgments; we decided to build our new headquarters about 10 miles south of our current headquarters here. The key building we are in here in Princeton in which we own – there is four buildings in Princeton, we own one. We are turning that into our world headquarters for R&D and our FPD divisions and the rest of the company is moving 10 miles South Dakota, Ewing into industrial park and I will just say that the State of New Jersey came for with incentives to make that a good deal for us. But I am not going to give any details as far what Pennsylvania offered and New Jersey offered. I would just say we are very happy to keep our headquarters in New Jersey.
Jim Craigie: It’s a hard one to call, Bill. I mean I first applaud Procter for driving the category through innovation, this is an innovation, and as far as what percent of the category it will take, that’s to be seen. I mean consumers haven’t voted at all yet, but I do applaud the push innovation, we will have our version of pods out there. It will be out there in the first quarter of next year. It will be margin accretive. We don’t get into margins by product and things like that but it is definitely a move in the right direction to drive gross margin improvement in the Laundry category, and we fully applaud it.
Jim Craigie: It could. I mean I would tell you, Bill, there is one concern we have. There’s been a long term trend of people overdosing on liquid, and this product, you cannot overdose with. So, while there’s a gross margin improvement on a wash-load basis, and if you did exactly one wash load quantity for liquid, the pods, it could be a little dilutive on it as it cannibalizes liquid as far as taking away from the overdosing effect on liquid. So, that’s why we’re a little hedging our best. Apples-to-apples, pod versus liquid, when liquid is properly used is gross margin accretive, but liquid is not properly used in many cases. So, that could dilute some of the gross margin improvement, and that’s just something we got to see what plays out in the marketplace as the pods go out there, how many people buy, what effect that has on the liquids side of the business. So, there’s a little bit of give and take, and that’s why until the consumer starts voting, we won’t know the final answer.
Jim Craigie: I think it was Trojan. Trojan, I said earlier in my speech, we increased marketing spending in our BARESKIN product is doing exceptionally well. So Trojan has reignited share growth starting in the third quarter.
Jim Craigie: That’s correct. That’s just like there was some little bit of private label activity in that category and we are dealing with that.
Jim Craigie: Thank you. All right. Let me wrap up this call today. Let me just say, I think some of you are looking for some very pretty results in a very ugly business environment. We are delivering outstanding results versus competition. We have strong organic growth. We have positive gross margin improvement where almost every competitor had negative and quite negative results and we are delivering double-digit EPS growth. As I said in my call, we have momentum on organic growth. We expect the fourth quarter to be our strongest organic growth quarter of the year on a percentage basis. Our Q4 EPS will be the highest EPS gain in the year and we have some competitors, I mean, in this current quarter actually calling negative EPS growth versus a year ago. So, if you want something pretty I would say to go buy a dog. If you want to buy the best performing stock in the CPG industry, buy Church & Dwight. Thank you.
Matt Farrell: Let me help you with that, Alice. If you think about 2010, we weren’t as heavily discounting in 2010 as we are in 2011. So, year-over-year, if that’s what you are trying to get at to Q3, so it is true that year-over-year we would have had more trade spending in Q3 2011 versus ‘10 for laundry.
Matt Farrell: There are a lot of things to drive gross margin expansion, Alice. One of them is obviously is our plant footprint. So as you know the York plant helped us overcome all the commodity price increases that the whole industry is struggling with for the last two years. That was a big factor for us and as you know we have the California plant that’s going be opening next year. So that’s going to pay dividends for us for years to come because it’s going to remove millions of miles of diesel fuel cost from our system. We also get gross margin expansion from our new product offerings, as you know our policy is to only introduce new products that have margins that are accretive to the brands. And acquisitions have also been an element historically of our gross margin expansion. It is typical when we buy something that we are so good at it. There is tremendous amount of cost synergies, so we can actually expand the gross margins for the acquired business over a period of years. Yes, we haven’t brought something big since 2008, which is when we brought Orajel, yet we have been hitting our numbers in 2009, 2010 and 2011 for EPS. So I think that should be very encouraging to investors.
Matt Farrell: Let me take a swing at that, Alice. So, speaking about the cash, you go back sequentially. So in February of this year we doubled our dividend and we were trying to target a 2% yield and the stocks moved pretty well since then. Now our yield is 1.6%, so we’re going to revisit that again in February and when we give guidance that will be the right timing to think about the dividend again. You are correct; we generate more and more free cash flow every year and so obviously we have to be good stewards of the cash. As far as the buyback, you know we had announced a very modest buyback the $300 million just to cover share creep. Obviously, that could be expanded but that’s only a decision we would make with the Board and we looked at that probably at the same time that we did make the decision on the dividend.
Matt Farrell: Actually we can’t. We really don’t know how that’s going to go in Q4. Like I said it was small dollars in Canada and I think the fact that there was no disruption to our customers in Canada it went very smooth and that’s a tribute to the folks that worked on that and the company’s ability to execute. I think we and our customers will be pretty confident about the January 1 implementation as well.
Matt Farrell: Yes, that’s true. We typically do start making hedging decisions this time of the year and we have made some (inaudible) past but what I normally do is I wait until February and kind of tell everybody how much of 2012 we have hedged and in what areas, but that is our policy.
Matt Farrell: Remember the JV investment, that would be outside of – if you think about statement of cash flow, that would be investment in JV. As far as CapEx goes, we’ll probably be around $70 million next year if you ask me today simply because the investment in the California plant is going to be about $20 million. And as you probably know, we average absent these things that we have done in the last few years at the York plant, the SAP implementation in the California plant, absent those we run about $50 million to $55 million in CapEx, so $70 million to $75 million next year is a safe bet.
Matt Farrell: Joe, just to be fair we never quantified what the impact of York was. What I can tell you is that the plant in York is 1.1 million square feet and one out in California is 450,000 square feet. So it’s not only big, but the other element is the fact that we are going to benefit from lower distribution costs, which we didn’t get from the York plant. Remember York is only 150 miles away from Princeton. So, it’s still on the East Coast and now we’re actually moving the manufacturing West. So the composition of the save is going to be a little bit different. But, we haven’t quantified that stuff in the past, we just built it into our gross margin costs for the future.
Matt Farrell: Well, I think you are right from a year-over-year standpoint just because the comparisons get a little bit easier. I think that’s fair, but full year it’s a large drag year-over-year.
Matt Farrell: I think, you got me stumped there, Connie. As far as the defined benefit plan, we put that one to sleep a year ago in the fourth quarter. You may remember we had a big charge associated with that. So, DB benefit plans you’re talking about now are just simply the international one. I know in the Q we disclosed what the contributions are year-to-date. So, we’ll be filing that probably today.
Matt Farrell: I want to say it in a different way, Chris, so if we get 4.5% organic growth in Q3, and we’re expecting something similar or better in Q4. Tell me how you get into your week numbers?Chris Ferrara – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, just simplistically, right, the comp in a year ago was plus 2.8 in Q3, minus 1.4 in Q4, right? So, the comp is essentially getting foreign change points easier.
Matt Farrell: You’re forgetting you know we had that whole crazy day thing last year. We had fewer days in the fourth quarter, and we had more days in the first quarter. Remember that?Chris Ferrara – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I do, and I get that’s why the comp is much easier in the fourth quarter, right, but it doesn’t change the fact that your growth doesn’t accelerate very much despite the comp getting much easier. That’s what I’m kind of – I guess, it’s also another way of understanding what the Q4 growth rate is going to look like too, right? Because that comp gets much easier because of that change in days dynamic.
Matt Farrell: See, last year year-over-year in Q4 2010 versus Q4 2009, we had fewer days year-over-year. In 2010 and 2011 Q4, we had the same number of days. So, we don’t have a day issue year-over-year. It is apples-to-apples. Last year looks like a low growth quarter on a reported basis, because of these days.
