James R. Craigie: Thank you, Vanessa, and good morning everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you particularly when we have excellent results to report. It's also a pleasure we’re talking from our corporate headquarters from Princeton, New Jersey which was shut down all last week due to lack of power caused by Hurricane Sandy. That inconvenience was minor compared to devastation occurred by many of our fellow residents of New Jersey. As a corporate citizens of great state, we deeply feel for them and we’ll be donating $1 million to New Jersey chapter of the American Red Cross to help provide food, clothing and shelter to those in need. Now, I'll start off this call providing you with my overview of our latest quarterly business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I’ll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I’ll return to provide some more detailed information on performance of our key brands and discuss our updated earnings guidance for the year, we’ll then open the call with questions from you. Let me start off by saying I'm very proud of my team for delivering the excellent third quarter business results in such a difficult economic environment. If you almost saw, Fix the Six winning ticket in your account since the company delivered very positive results on the six most important business measures. First, the organic revenue growth of 4.6% was very strong, particularly on top of the 4.5% organic growth achieved in Q3 of 2011. This organic growth is driven by both our domestic, international business units which respectively delivered 4.8% and 6.7% organic growth. Second, we delivered on our promise of gross margin improvement with a 100 basis point gain in Q3 versus year ago. Third, despite lower marketing spending as a percent of net revenue, we grew share on our four biggest brands, representing over two-thirds of our total revenues and profits. This includes all time high quarterly shares on ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry detergent, XTRA liquid laundry detergent and TROJAN condoms. Fourth, we continue to tighten our belts in view of the difficult economic environment and lowered our overhead cost by 70 basis points. Fifth, the strong organic revenue growth, higher gross margin and lower overhead cost drove an operating margin of 20% which was 200 basis points above year ago. Our ability to deliver an operating margin in the third quarter which is higher than majority of our key competitors reflects the strength of our brands, the strong consumer demand for our innovative new products and the lean cost structure of our company. Six, our Q3 EPS result of $0.66 was 22% above year ago, far better than any of our key competitors. The 22% EPS increase was ahead of our expectations for the quarter. So at the end of this call, I’ll discuss the implication for this year’s earnings guidance. I hope with this brief overview of my company’s third quarter business results, hope you should understand my jubilation for referring to it as a Fix the Six winning lottery ticket. Now, those of you who would know me know that I’ve been a long term pessimist about the business environment. I believe we will continue to face strong headwind for the rest of 2012 and the next few years, including ongoing uncertainties surrounding commodity cost and weak consumer spending. All consumer packages, copies are funding in the same headwinds, but I believe that no other CPG company is as well suited as Church & Dwight to continue to deliver exceptional performance in a tough environment. I’ll film my rationale to that statement a few minutes after Matt provides you with greater insight on the financial results for the third quarter.
James R. Craigie: If you look at the trend over the last couple of years, you probably will remember we were at 12%, I guess we went from 12%, back in 2009, I think we went up to 14% then we went down in 2011 to 13.1%, yeah, that’s right. And then 2012, we think we are going to be more or like mid-12s and we have found that given the growth of our value business that the mix has changed within the company and 12.5 collar makes more sense on a go-forward basis in order to support the growth rate. As you can see in the third quarter, we had mid-12s marketing as a percentage of sales that we had 4.6% organic growth, so which is a good trend.Jason Gere – RBC Capital Markets: So, when you talk about ‘13 and saying you're going to invest more behind the brands as well as Avid, should that trickle up, but maybe not get close to ’13, I guess I’m just trying to conceptualize what you’re saying, I understand the dollar sales will be higher, I guess just so we kind of have something in the benchmark against.
James R. Craigie: Jason, we’re still at the process of finalizing our 2013 plans. At this point in time, I would tell you to stick within our 3% to 4% evergreen target. Right now the mix we’d have to get back to you on that. I think you are right, we're very happy with the household side, continues to have a strong growth, and personal care just below came in flat versus being down in prior quarters. So we’re very happy with the improved mix, which has been driven lot for the new products. But for right now just gauge 2013 in the 3% to 4% range.Jason Gere – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. I'll turn it over to the next caller.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Joe I’m going to just tell you, it’s kind of stuck in neutral right now. Overall, we are in 12 categories. We look at, six were up, six were down in the fourth quarter, but all relatively anemic up a little bit on some, down a little bit on others and it’s been kind of that way for several quarters right now. So I would just say that the economy has stuck in first gear and I don’t think there are any signs right now of getting better. I wouldn’t say there is any signs to get the worse either, but it’s just of kind of stuck in neutral overall.Joe Lackey – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Thanks.
James R. Craigie: Hey, Bill.Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Hey, is there any financial impact if you decided to kind of look at the sort of 72 brands that (inaudible) non-core, but I think you said 70% is in 8 Power Brands. So if you got rid of those financially, would there be might decent savings about the gross margin and EBIT line or is it so small to play no that material.
James R. Craigie: Please tell Obama.Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities: Really just anything (inaudible) had the election.
James R. Craigie: Keep going.Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities: All right, that was actually the bulk of my questions, thank you guys.
James R. Craigie: All right. As you probably know and everybody in the call knows, as we don't call out sales and gross margin in line items for any of our brands and we haven’t done that historically nor we do that going forward. To give everybody a little bit of help on this, you may recall that we said that the trailing gross margins for this business were around 39% and we expect it to grow at 43% by 2015. Some of that will coming next but most of it – we had $15 million of synergies are going to come by mid-2014. We previously thought it would be earlier in the year, early in 2014, but we are thinking mid-2014. Those $50 million of synergies are largely cost of goods sold, some of it is SG&A so it’s probably two-thirds, one-third split but as we get into the business, we are refining that. As far as the EBITDA margin, first a very good story. Historical EBITDA margins for 2011 were 21.5%, now we expect this year to be exceed 22% for the total company. This is Church & Dwight now and the business we bought had trailing EBITDA margins of 25%, that’s unsynergized. So we have a fair amount of synergies. As we said, we have 15% of synergies which is going to take that number up significantly as a percentage of sales. To be somewhat offset and that, we did marketing spend was going to go up as well. We expect to go forward EBITDA margins, fully synergized to be in the high 20s. May as close to 20s, maybe closing to 30% which means this is a real casual generator for the company which I’ll by the way also influence are thinking with respect to free cash flow for next year, which we expect Avid to be a big transcript or. And consequently said, we might not even start our share repurchase earlier in the fourth quarter rather than May. And next just remind everybody we said, we are going to grow 13% to 15%. If you also said that 9% to 10% of our EPS growth was going to come from our core business, and the rest is going to come from Avid. So you could say two thirds of our growth next year in earnings comes from the core business, and one third comes from Avid. That helps you little bit.
James R. Craigie: Yeah most of them will be. I didn’t say my remarks earlier that we do expect about a penny or less of transition expenses next year and has baked into our thinking already.William Chappell – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, great. Thank you.
James R. Craigie: I think it will be a huge item for holiday sales.Leigh Ferst – Wellington Shields & Co Llc: Okay, thank you.
James R. Craigie: We’ll take the first opportunity is a lot of distribution opportunities out there in the adult side, which we plan to both increase the amount of distribution in current accounts and open up new accounts out there. So that will be the first big wave coming through, we told we're going to increase marketing support, a big part of marketing is sampling, the people who we bought this business from (inaudible) quite conclusively that in store sampling is very powerful vehicle, we'll be doing a lot of that out there, because when you take this product I guarantee you with awesome, I seriously get every morning and so treat actually put these gummy vitamins in my mouth and eat them as like candy and sort of swallow hard pill in there, and I think is people actually experienced that especially adults I think that will be switching in droves over to the gummy vitamins which has same efficacy as hard pills. So distribution increased sampling, increased marketing support, and we have some new products coming out over the course of next 24 months which I think it will be very appealing in the consumers.
James R. Craigie: You already have your turn Bill.Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities: Well you didn’t hear my first comment. I said it quantified lot of my returns this morning, but look. At the gross margin mix going forward, I mean the 5000 basis points is amazing, but lot of that sort of personal care driven so you broaden a lot of these personal care brands with sort of that gross margin up, so when you kind of look at it going forward, I think Avid was a little bit gross margin dilutive, but to me this is a temporary thing, because we haven't really, but kind of how do you get the sort of gross margin moving not necessarily to the next quarter or two, but maybe for the next three to five years.
James R. Craigie: Okay, I thank you all for tuning in this morning after very trying week last week. I just want to say we had a fantastic Q3, we're very thrilled with the results, and we told you all about the outlook for the rest of the year, 2013 is preliminary at this point, but we feel very strong about that. So I want to thank you all for taking the time to tune in hopefully you love our results. Thank you.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, I would use just round numbers 12.5%, because you remember, you also keep in mind is Avid when we took over that company, they have 6% to 7% historical marketing spend. We're going to say, we're going to take that up to double-digit. And I don't know that will take it up as high as 12% or 13%. But I think 12.5% is a good walk-in around number for 2013 marketing spent.Jason Gere – RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Matthew T. Farrell: The promotional activity I would not say was a factor year-over-year, in fact it was probably more of a help because remember we had a price increase in cat litter that helped us, and I wouldn't say that the trade rates are getting any worse either. Certainly sequentially Q2 to Q3 or even Q3 to Q4, so I think on the shelf as Jim said, we sort of neutral.
Matthew T. Farrell: I think mix would have helped actually to the quarter, because if you look at what happened with personal care, personal care was down in the first couple of quarters of the year, year-over-year whereas in the third quarter were only down 0.7%, which is quite a sequential improvement. So mix was help to us as well as the dental price increase.
Matthew T. Farrell: This some help in commodity trends, but overall, I would say that was neutral, I think a lot of the work that we do within the company to improve our unit cost, manufacturing good to get freight program, remember we brought the unit dose in-house, we get (inaudible) running now, we have less slotting, slotting would be an element of price as well. We had five or six factories all of them were contributors to the water.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well I would say Alice the bottom line is there about 6% of the total category, Church & Dwight is the only manufacture with liquid business grew in Q3, the other competitors who had a unit dose farm we were the only one who held growth on our liquid business everybody else suffered declines on liquid. I’d tell you overall quite disappointing the total category of laundry detergent including liquid unit dose and power was down in the third quarter, the worse results of the year, first quarter was positive, second quarter was about neutral and third quarter total laundry detergent down about 1% that’s about 5% liquid was down, 20% powder decline and obviously unit-dose result incremental, but in total that only gave about a minus 1%, 1.3% actually hit on the quarter. So, I’d tell you unit-dose is not doing anything in fact maybe heard in the category, we’ve long maintain there’s an issue with dozing that people tend to overdose liquid or you cant over dose really unit dose, and I think as people switch from liquid to unit dose its reducing the number of doses they use for liquid. So the net effect is all I can tell you is unit dose was launched pretty much in Q2 of this year, it’s been a decline in the total laundry detergent category.
Matthew T. Farrell: The channels that are measured, there are some channels, some of the club stores are measured, some of the dollars stores are measured.
Matthew T. Farrell: Joe that's a good question, it's little bit early to go and call gross margin for next year. As you know, this year presently we have 25 basis points to 50 basis points target. We think we're going to be at the low end of the range. My expectation is that we are going to have a reset here, because we’re going to have the Avid baked in obviously for the fourth quarter and then the full year. I would expect that think of it this way, 2011 gross margin was 44.2% for total company. And so, if we get 25 basis points expansion on that and ex-Avid, we are around 44.45%. Baken Avid in for the fourth quarter then when we got big step up charges and lots of things going on transition expenses things are going to hit the cost of good sold, I would expect that would depress the full year down to around 44%. So that would be the reported number my guess is on a full-year basis, but we'll see where that goes. And then that’s now we’re going to have a full-year of Avid next year, so obviously that will be a drag and you can kind of do the math, and if you got a business that’s got sub 40% gross margins and $300 million, its going to be a bit of a drag on us, but remember the EBITDA margin and the operating margin will be helped by Avid.Joseph Altobello – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, okay that's helpful. Thank you.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah Bill, its Matt, just two things, it’s – NAIR is doing well, and BATISTE another brand we bought, BATISTE is doing very well both in the U.K. and in Australia.Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities: Got it, but there is not an opportunity to kind of ended that value share almost its struggling a little bit, I think it probably do pretty well.
Matthew T. Farrell: Are you referring to BATISTE?Bill Schmitz – Deutsche Bank Securities: No, no, no I'm sort of household products side.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, no. When we said, you may recall when put out the release in August that we were come 13% to 15% EPS growth for 2013 and we also said at the time in August that we projected total shareholder return of 10% to 12% going forward thereafter. Right, so now it's around 14%, 15%, 16%. So you're asking what number be higher, I think it's little bit earlier that to be taken that number up, I mean our algorithm is delivering a 10% to 12% TSR in 2014 and beyond is intact right now, so as far as taking it, we're going to talk about that again in the first week of February when we call 2013.
