Matt Farrell: Yeah. Olivia, about 70% of our advertising right now is digital, and that's been moving up year-after-year. And it was accelerated more this year because of consumers moving online. As far as where to invest, we have a couple of big launches right now. We have ARM & HAMMER CLEAN & SIMPLE, as I described in the opening comments and also in the script. It's a new platform for us. It's got six ingredients plus water compared to many ingredients for the typical laundry detergent, and we think that's going to be a platform we can build on in the future. So we've been spending behind it. And the second is ARM & HAMMER CLUMP & SEAL ABSORBx. That's a new cat litter. We haven't had a strong cat litter in the category. There's been a lot of growth there over the years. So we came up with a brand-new cat litter that has a different substrate. That's 55% lighter than our existing cat litter. So we're getting behind that in the second half. The third would be FLAWLESS. FLAWLESS is obviously a new brand that we acquired last year. It's an at-home solution. A lot of people are turning to devices instead of going to salons and spas that are generally closed and have lower volumes. So we've been putting money behind FLAWLESS as well. And again, the other money would be on just brand building, which we've typically done in the past when we have the ability to spend.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Olivia, we run Church & Dwight a very lean shop, so there's no shortage of good things in which we can invest across the company. So as Rick said, we got automation projects, not just in the plants, but office environment, new product initiatives, where we do a lot of test and learns, IT projects, R&D. These are all SG&A items.
Matt Farrell: Well, in my comments, was it's safe to say we'll hit our number for next year, but we typically don't give the details or the numbers right now, as you know. But there's - we have a lot of tailwinds going into the next year, the biggest being in wellness - health and wellness, but also cleaning at-home grooming and at-home cooking. All of those things are tailwind for us. And we do also expect an improvement in consumer mobility next year, and that's going to help the PC brands have an up year for those brands that are down this year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And I would just add to what the gross margin impact of that is, right. The first half of the year, if you look at price, volume mix because this is where that would show up, price/volume mix for us was, on average, for the first half, a good guy of 180 basis points, 170 basis points or so. And remember, we pulled back a ton on trade and couponing because we just didn't want to exacerbate out of stocks. In the second half of the year, that number was closer [Technical Difficulty] to a positive 80 basis points as [Technical Difficulty] promotional levels have started to return to normal and we're supporting our new products. So, while still positive, just a deceleration as a [Technical Difficulty] contributor maybe on margin. Your second question was distribution. [Technical Difficulty] of all spot loads were - wouldn't be picked up or rejected [Technical Difficulty] another way. And now that's up to about 25% of all spot loads in the industry are being rejected. For us, the good thing is we do have a big - a large significant part that is dedicated lanes, right? We have some customers that are - that pick up. And so it's more on their supply or distribution network. But I would just tell you, it's tight. Costs are increasing. Brokerage costs are increasing. But at the end of the day, we've done a good job managing that and is not as impactful for us because of our dedicated lanes.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No, it's a fair question, Andrea. Of course, if the tariffs come into the back half, then there'll be more pressure in the first half of next year. But I would just put you back to Matt's comment is we kind of tried to give kind of an outlook and said that in 2021, we believe that we're going to hit the evergreen model. And so that does mean margin expansion, as an example, because we have to - it's our job to mitigate things like that, whether it's where we manufacture from, how we can increase productivity. Our supply chain has done a fantastic job. We hit an all-time high this year in terms of productivity. Our good to great program. And that trend, we think, is going to continue.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And let me give you an example because you might say, what happens if COVID spikes back up in 2021? Well, a big part of incremental cove COVID cost for us early on was just trying to ship as much product as we could to customers. And so we were shipping out less than full trucks. Right now that we've built inventory, now that we're building capacity, we have more flexibility to make sure that we don't run into that same issue again.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, the great news is we just did our first shipments from the new 3PL this past week. And so we believe we'll be up and running almost full board in Q1 of next year, which is fantastic. So that's distribution. That's a meaningful difference in terms of our shipping capacity overall for the network. For manufacturing, right, if you do something in-house, it always takes about 18 months. But the good news is we said for vitamins specifically as an example, that we're going to go outside. And that's going to be outside for some small quantities already in Q4 and then ramped up really quickly at the beginning of 2021.
Matt Farrell: Well, we've had the same criteria for many years, as you know, Rupesh, so I don't expect that to change. At one point, we thought that there may be a more properties come to market in the back half of the year as the election was looming. I guess that's still possible between next week and the end of the year. We did do a deal once upon a time that started in mid-November when we closed it by the end of December. So we know that's possible. But I would say, with respect to criteria, it hasn't changed.
Matt Farrell: Yes. You're a bit over the line there. I think you have to remember that, when we bought this business, Gummies were 3% of BMS. And obviously, that's grown over time. And I think a lot of people have discovered gummy vitamins as a result of the pandemic. So you have a lot more consumers oriented towards gummy vitamins than they were in the past. So that's number one. Number two is we're not growing as fast as the category. In Q2 and Q3, the category, on average, grew 55%, and we grew 40%. We grew 35% in Q2. And this is consumption, Lauren, and 49% in Q3. So consumers are looking for product. We're the number one brand, and we're sold out. We're capacity constrained. So we're going to take the governor off the business as soon as we get this third-party capacity online, and we expect to get our fair share, which we're missing out on right now. And like I said in my remarks, it does take a while for a new habit to stick. But I don't expect the current levels to return back to 2019 levels. If anybody is thinking that's a possibility, I would steal that to worry.
Matt Farrell: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that is, last quarter, when I was asked, for the full year outlook on marketing, I said - somebody said, 'Hey, 11.5% to 12%, is that sweet spot?' And I said, 'Yes, it is.' And if you do the math based on our gross margin outlook and everything else, it would have put you at maybe the lower end of that range. And now we're saying we're at closer to 11.8% for the full year, which implies kind of a step-up from where we thought even three months ago.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No, it's a fair question. I would say we kind of - I would just go through a couple of different lines. We talked about COVID, right? And those costs should be rolling back in terms of some of inefficiencies on how we shipped, especially early on in the front half. The WATERPIK tariffs, that will be probably a headwind in the first half. The FLAWLESS accounting, the good news is we're out of that, the acquisition accounting. We've lapped all that noise, and there's going to be no impact next year from acquisition accounting, which has been a 40 basis point drag this year. So that's fairly significant. Commodities, for us, have actually - we've discussed this last few calls and resins and ethylene, for us, has been up the last few quarters. So nothing really new there. That will likely be a bit of a headwind. But then our productivity program, which I just said, was kind of hit an all-time record this year is going to be a tailwind and will offset that. So I'm not going to get into the quarterly cadence. I would just tell you that at this point in time we're confident of gross margin expansion for next year. And a lot of those investments you heard me walk through, for Q4 specifically, are discrete onetime non-recurring items.
Matt Farrell: Yes, Joe, you got to give us a few months. I mean, we typically come out in February with these numbers. We just want to give everybody assurance that the evergreen models intact for next year. As far as how high is high, we have to - we'll come out with that in February.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I mean, we're not going to get into that. But I mean, just know that, right, especially retailers were closed for a period of time, right? So that jumping-off point, the baseline is really was depressed. But if you look at consumption right now, and you guys see this, but consumption for that business is just really strong. And it has been strong for the last six months. So it's a good indicator.
Matt Farrell: Joe just asked a similar question, Bill. I would say that our original methodology was an extremely aggressive growth number, right? And it was 15%-plus. It was in excess of 15%. So as we go through and time gets closer to that end of 2021, we have to right-size those expectations. And yeah, it's been a little bit choppy because of the current economic environment. But like I said to Joe, we've had some really good consumption. We feel confident in that business and an 8% plus CAGR, we had sign up for that business every day of the week.
Matt Farrell: Yes. My comments earlier were that if you looked at Q2 versus Q3, that sold on deal has increased sequentially, but it's still down significantly year-over-year. So, the shorthand is both laundry and litter sold on deal is 800 basis points lower in Q3 of 2020 compared to Q3 2019. So - and the reason for that's recovered a bit is because of in-stock levels. As far as you're trying to figure out what's going to happen in 2021, look, it's possible that it could stay where it is right now for a period of time as opposed to keep creeping up because, obviously, all the competitors are benefiting from the lower sold on deal year-over-year, and it doesn't seem to be affecting consumption. But I think we'll just - we'll update everybody with our thinking about 2021 sold on deal or promotion when we get to February, but it's too soon to speculate on that.
Matt Farrell: Yes. As far as the category itself, we've made a lot of investments in categories we thought there could be a tailwind. And so if you go back and we say we bought gummy vitamins in 2012 because we thought there would be a transition from capsules to gummies over time. And that's proved to be true, and we obviously benefited from what's happened this past year. And we bought WATERPIK. It was obviously a device, but we believed that gum health was going to become more important to consumers over time. And I think that's proven to be true. So we think there's a lot of opportunity there going forward. When it comes to FLAWLESS, FLAWLESS is hair removal using a device. And there's historically been a stigma attached with using devices - women using devices to remove facial hair, both face and brows. We thought that was going to pass over time. And we think that the COVID has - because spas and salons being closed, has helped the business because people have discovered the at-home solution. So as far as how that's going to work out, that's going to work well for both the seller and the buyer, Church & Dwight, as far as the multiple ultimately that we will have paid for it. But our criteria hasn't changed, and all of those investments meet the same criteria and be the number one brand, you've got to be able to grow, got to be a high gross margin, asset-light and either have a competitive advantage.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Hey, thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we're looking forward to February, when we tell you about our 2021 plans. So thank you.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add, Olivia, to that, right the brand-building comment is maybe a quarter ago, we did have some met of stocks as such, but 5 of our brands were growing share as of last quarter seven this quarter, and we think it's going to be even stronger than that as we exit the year.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, sure. No, you're right. We're getting phenomenal growth on the top line. SG&A, we're not getting the leverage maybe that you might think because we're also making investments. When we talked about investments last quarter, that transpired across the P&L. So talking about marketing investment step-up. We're talking about supply chain investments, and we're talking about SG&A investments. And so as we look at analytics or we look at IT or cybersecurity or things that we can do to just bulletproof the company for many years to come, SG&A is one factor.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, I want to make sure you heard that, Kevin. I know we have 12 pages of material that we read through during the call. Matt did say that we have a high degree of confidence on hitting our evergreen model next year.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. When thinking about the promotional environment, you have to go to household, and household is laundry and litter. So if you go back to Q2, Kevin, and you look at sold on deal for laundry and litter, if you look year-over-year, Q2 2020, Q2 2019, litter was down like 800 basis points sold on deal and laundry was down 1,700 basis points. The numbers were in Q2 laundry was sold on deal 19% and litter at 12%. If you go to go to Q3 and you look at laundry and litter sold on deal, you're going to see litter at 15% and laundry at 30%. So, they've stepped up a bit in laundry and litter. But if you still look at year-over-year, this is still a huge gap. So, 2019 Q3 sold on deal for laundry was 38%. It's 30% in Q3. So, it's still an 800-point gap. And then if you look at litter, it's also similar. Last year Q3, 23% sold on deal. This year, 15% sold on deal. So, an 800-point gap both in laundry and litter. So, as the in-stock levels have improved, promotional activity has slowly returned to normal, but it's still well below normal.
Rick Dierker: Yes. The other thing, Andrew, to keep in mind, it's always - we always tend to focus on what can hurt you. But you say, yes, there's going to be some pressure on because of the tariffs initially. But you got to remember COVID is also going the other way. So that won't be as high, those COVID costs, in 2021 versus 2020. So there's always offsets.
Rick Dierker: Well, I mean, you got to keep in mind, Rupesh, that our debt-to-EBITDA levels are still 1 point - net debt to EBITDA is 1.1 times by end of the year. So in my mind, we can do both, no problem.
Rick Dierker: Well, I mean, you heard Matt, and we talked about the COVID costs as an example that we think are extraordinarily high this year that won't be as high next year. But again, in January, February, when we go through our outlook, we'll go through it in detail. Today, we just want to leave you guys with that we're confident in achieving our evergreen model, and that means gross margin expansion.
Rick Dierker: And just to give you some color, Lauren, on - we usually don't do this, but since you asked the question directly, we'll do it. VMS, and this is out of the 9.9% organic, it was about 1/3. So 1/3 of the growth out of the company's growth. Laundry was about 10%. WATERPIK was about 20%. OXICLEAN, it was about 10%. Litter was about 10%, baking soda was 10%. So it was pretty broad-based in my mind this quarter.
Rick Dierker: The other thing, too, I think, that with respect to health and wellness, you got to also keep in mind, WATERPIK water flossers. So they took a big hit in the second quarter as far as the sales being down year-over-year. So that business is not going to grow year-over-year in 2020 versus 2019. That's - but this is a perennial grower. And this is a business that have been growing 10% a year since we bought it. So you got kind of a reset this year for WATERPIK. But there's so much growth ahead of us both in the U.S. and internationally. That's just going to get restarted next year. So long term, that's another one that's going to benefit from this focus on health and wellness.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. I said in my remarks is approximately 3.5%. So - and I said it for the first time at your conference, and I think I did say 3% or 4% then, but it's about 3.5% for about two years, and its laundry, litter and vitamins, laundry, we just had - we just are experiencing three or four years of growth in one year in many of our categories. And laundry is not - there's no exception. We just - I think we talked publicly last quarter about how we were sometimes better to be lucky than good, and we had a line come on in late March, early April. And that's already fully utilized. I mean, really, a brand-new line fully utilized within four to six months, right? And so we have great plans for laundry. That business is doing extremely well. And so we know that we have to add capacity there. Litter, I think you heard from Matt, I think in the quarter, as an example, it was up 8% on consumption. We have some great new products. So again, we need to lay the groundwork for litter. For vitamins, you're right, we said initially you're going to go outside, but you have to go outside, if you need volume within months. Over the long term, of course, that's one of those businesses that we want to have in-house because we have expertise in gummy manufacturing.
Rick Dierker: I wouldn't necessarily think of it as a pull forward. Remember, Rick said that on a full year basis, we're going to be comparable to 2019. It's just that in Q2 we have pulled the way back because we had lots of in stocks. So we were spending at a 10% level. We're in the 13s, meaning 10% as a percentage of sale in Q2. Q3 was obviously higher, 13% and change. And then our fourth quarter, we'll be around 14.5%. So we have a lot of spending coming in the fourth quarter. And again, it's behind these big new product launches. We just happen to have two big ones coinciding at the same time. And so we're concentrating our effort in the second half.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. Well, look, one of the things that we found is that there are many consumers that rarely used - order online and now have discovered it. And more and more people are discovering it. And I think as we get into the winter months, and it sounds like this COVID thing is not going away, there could be a resurgence, more and more people get use of it. So I do think you may have one more quarter, Q1 where you'll have a big growth year-over-year just because Q1 of 2020 didn't spike as much as Q2 and Q3. But I do think it's going to - this March is going to continue, Joe, over time. We went back to 2015. We had 1% of our sales online, just 1%. And this year, it will be 13%. Now last year was 9% or 8%, this 8% going to 13%. So we had a big pop this year, 500 basis points, but we fully expect that this is going to be a significant part of our sales - online sales in the future. So we'll be well over 2020 in a few years.
Rick Dierker: It may not be as big earnout as might initially been contemplated, but the prospects for the business are bright. So we think it's - the math is going to work out. This is going to be a real good acquisition for us.
Rick Dierker: It's a good question, Bill. It's a fair question. I'd tell you that, for those businesses, those are the keystones of the company, right? Those are the growth drivers. And we've had capacity plans in place. We have an outlook on three, four, five-year capacity and volume forecast. And it's not like it's a new demand. It's just fast-forwarding some of those plans that were already in place.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Yes. I announced that at Barclays, and I reemphasize it today that for the next two years we're going to approximate 3.5% of sales as we invest in capacity for laundry, litter and vitamins and distribution capacity as well.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Maybe I'll take the first part, and then Matt can talk about M&A. But the reason we do it now is the accounting guidance says we need to look at it every quarter. And last quarter - in the last - really, the last two quarters, it's tough to go through the haze of the macro environment when there's a COVID impact or when retailers are closed. And so we're waiting for - as time goes by, you get a little bit more prudence on what's actually happening from a consumer trend. And while consumption is positive, it was just going to have to start at a lower baseline because of some of the retailers being closed and some of the consumption and demand trends. So, I guess, my answer would be, we look at it every quarter. We didn't make a big adjustment last quarter because we didn't have the visibility into the baseline like we do now.
