Matthew T. Farrell: Look, I don't have the crystal ball to say if we're going to have mid-single digit the whole year. That's going to be a function of year-over-year comps, right? But all I can say is if we look at the trends, the trends have been strong with respect to liquid laundry for the last six quarters, and certainly the last four quarters, and no reason to expect that won't continue in the future.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yes, well, obviously, Costco is an important customer for us, both on the vitamin side and also the laundry side. So, it is true the non-measured channels do influence our results.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yes, well, one of the reasons I chose to speak about the categories upfront, Kevin, is because laundry, litter, vitamins, and, more recently, the dry shampoo categories are catalysts to the Company, and we started the year with growth in all those categories and consumption growth as well. So that bodes well for us for the rest of the year; so that definitely influences our thinking on our success of the Domestic business in 2016. And the other piece of our full-year raise is, obviously, International. International had a rocking first quarter, and so we're taking up their number on a full-year basis as well.
Matthew T. Farrell: M&A, well, as we've said in the past, there's rarely a week when we're not looking at some transaction, but we don't go any further than that in our commentary. We're always looking, diligencing something, but we're pretty fussy about what we'll buy.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, I think we probably got similar questions like that when we bought BATISTE back in 2011. The way to think about that, Bill, is that the hair thinning category is about a $240 million category. That's mostly dominated by topicals, brands like Rogaine. And our point of view is that hair thinning can also be addressed with hair fibers, and we bought a product that we think is going to have significant growth in future because it addresses the problem in a cosmetic fashion and not with chemicals.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, we've been the leader in the litter category for many years, now. If you remember when we spoke downtown in February, we showed a chart that showed our innovations over the past three years or four years. So we've clearly been the catalyst for that category, and we have a winner again this year with the MICROGUARD product. So we're driving growth in the category, which is a big category, and we're taking share. And we generally have a big new idea every year, so we think we can continue that in the future. With respect to laundry, as I said earlier, while ARM & HAMMER has been quite a powerhouse for us for a long time, the new product this year – one of them, is the BioEnzyme product, which has the EPA Safer Choice label, which is becoming more meaningful to all shoppers. So we think that's a nice new variant for us that's going to help us continue to grow the franchise. Some of the other things I mentioned, vitamins, what we did was we decided to shrink-wrap our products, so we got beautiful new packaging, which obviously speaks out or pops on shelf; and we think that is going to be a winner for us this year as well. Continuing down the line, in the TROJAN, TROJAN RIVIERA, so this is – you may recall this is a lubricant that can be used in the shower. So that's another consumer insight that we think is going to help expand the share for TROJAN. And as you know, TROJAN's share continues to grow. We're up slightly year-over-year, a little over 76% share. And FIRST RESPONSE, again, is the number one brand in pregnancy test kits, and we're the first people to come out to try a Bluetooth-enabled pregnancy test kit. So that's our – what we're trying to do there is test and learn in what we call the Internet of Things. So we have a very robust new product development process. We're very focused on consumer insights and that does lead us to really cool ideas with respect to new products, and we've got a nice pipeline for 2017 and 2018. So that gives us confidence that we continue to grow the top-line organically.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, that's a good question, Joe. So we know everybody has their own crystal ball about the economy and we do look at it the same way; so we always monitor those 15 categories. So having 11 of the 15 up is a very good sign, and the four that weren't up are some of the – at least three of them are some of the smaller categories. So I would say, yes, that is a good sign. Of course, you have to temper that by – if you look at some of the big houses, most big banks, more recently, have reduced the GDP outlook for the U.S. this year to 1.5%; so, obviously there is some pessimism out there. The credit card debt is going up. Some people speculate that fuel savings are going to healthcare costs. So there's definitely a couple different camps out there with respect to the economy. For our part, we do look at these categories and we see a lot of strength in them, so we don't think that's going to turn around that quickly. We think it should stay strong for the rest of the year.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, I wouldn't say that. I think the retailers are no different than any of the CPG companies and everybody looks at working capital very closely. So, no, I wouldn't say there would be any change in practice there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, the kids gummy section has been trending down for more than just this quarter, for a while. And the speculation around that is that, once upon a time, before the advent of adult gummies, that adults took kids gummies, and that with a lot of adult gummies now coming on shelf, adults are using the adult gummies and not the kids. So that's why I said earlier is that our focus is on adults. Kids is a very mature category. Even when we bought the business, if you looked at vitamins, two-thirds of all the vitamins that children took in the U.S. were gummies. So it was already saturated, and so there's some migration from kids to adults.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, look, it's no secret that you have a new entrant into high-end laundry detergent last year with Henkel's Persil brand. And they went to Walmart and Amazon, and then at the end of the year, and now, they're expanding and doing a lot of couponing, et cetera. So, there is – the activity is very fierce right now with respect to couponing from those guys. So, obviously, we would be a victim of some of that. So we lost some share, but, as I said in my earlier remarks, you are right. In the quarter, we did lose 20 basis points of share. If you look the more recent week, we're back to a one share; but it's sort of a steady state, one share right now, and we're really trying to crack the code here and figure out how to grow that brand. But we are still committed to it.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, Jason, I don't have any intelligence, other than what you see in the marketplace today, that they're big push is in the high end with Persil, pretty aggressive claims. And there is nothing more to report from that competitor.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, maybe it'll help you if I comment just on the amount sold on deal in laundry last year versus this year. So last year first quarter, it was 36% for the category, and this year first quarter, it's 35%; so not much of a change year-over-year. If you're talking about what new innovations they have, I think we all know that they have a similar product to our BioEnzyme that they just launched; but I don't have any other color other than that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, look, when we talk about the International division, we have our countries, so we have six primary countries, and then we have an export business. And we have found that we've had a lot of success with our products in a lot of countries other than those six countries that I mentioned where we have subsidiaries. And we've got a terrific leadership team in the export business, and they've been driving a lot of growth. And when you have people that are successful like that and they have plans to execute to drive that growth, we said we're going to add the head count. And you know how stingy we are around here about adding heads. So we're going to invest behind these guys in export, and we're also doing the same in the Specialty Products Division. We bought a business a year ago, a small business, to add to our animal productivity business, and, likewise, we have the ability to go international with some of those products as well. This is both in dairy and in poultry. So we're going to invest for the future and, because we had a rocking first quarter and things are looking up for the year, we said, hey, this is a good time to reinvest.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, that's a good question. Most CPG companies have their online sales between 1% and 3%, and when I say 1% – that range would include all the usual suspects, the amazon.com, walmart.com, target.com, et cetera, et cetera. So, I would say most CPG companies are in the early innings with respect to selling product online. Now, of course, that can change very quickly. For our part – when I say change very quickly, it's not going to go to 5% or 10% in just a couple years, but it will change over time. So we've decided that we want to get really good at that, so it's one of our focuses right now. It did not – was not a big contributor, I would say, to the first quarter results, but we are going to have higher online sales this year, year-over-year, by a meaningful percentage year-over-year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. We've hired a couple people, and you may have seen recently the Dash Buttons for Amazon. So there are six Dash Buttons out there: TROJAN, BATISTE, VITAFUSION, L'IL CRITTERS, OXICLEAN, and ARM & HAMMER Litter. So I hope everybody on the call is getting a couple of those buttons for their refrigerators.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, well, Lauren, we wouldn't quantify our business model with respect to how many people did we or are we adding, and what's the sales and profits associated with that. The point is that has been a focus for us, the export business. Even before we made this decision, we had hired even stronger people there. So this is just another increment on top of that increment.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, that's a really good question, and to do something like that, you'd have to have one of your brands really have enough critical mass so that you could enter that market. And there are a couple of countries we're looking at right now, but we wouldn't disclose that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, I think I have to agree with you, Jason, that it's a head-scratcher. I could say in the past at times we think sometimes the information that we use on volume, you have to take with a grain of salt because of all the different sizes within the category. If you think about wash loads, so if you're saying there's a lot more wash loads, it's illogical to think that there's 3% or 4% more wash loads being done with population growth only 1.5%.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, as far as the context for the BATISTE opportunity is look at the UK. The UK, round numbers, has about 60 million people, and it has – the category there is about $60 million. So you just do the quick math, you have 335 million people in the U.S. So you've got five times the population, so we'd say, well, you've got an opportunity for five times the category size; that would be $60 million becomes $300 million here. So that really is the math behind the thinking that this could be a much bigger category.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah as far as compaction, yeah, well, it's nothing to report on compaction. I think the last time that anything was said publicly, Walmart was thinking about the end of 2017 or early 2018; but there's no discussion about that right now.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, I want to clarify what – the only head count aspect of the incremental SG&A investment is really around – hasn't been done, yet. It's going to happen this year, but it's really more to the international footprint business, for the export business and for our Australian sub. So that's the only head count aspect of it. The rest is investments behind incremental projects, new ideas for the future, IT infrastructure costs, not necessarily head count, and we did have some of that in Q1. We expect those to happen throughout the year.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, I think that's exactly what it was, is momentum is strong. You heard us raise our outlook for gross margin from 40 bps to 70 bps of expansion, and so we're choosing to make some of these investments now.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, Bill, I think that's a fair question. We talked about it a little bit on our Analyst Day and we talked through some of the headwinds, like transactional currency. But I'd say, overall, we're really pleased with our gross margin expansion. We just talked about how we're going from 40 basis points to 75 basis points, so essentially we're doubling it; and that entire doubling of it is largely commodities. I think we feel more comfortable with that full-year outlook of commodities. So, do we have one-offs every now and then on write-offs and whatnot that burden gross margin? Sure, but overall, in general, we're really happy about doubling our gross margin outlook, pretty much, and if commodities continue to stay where they're at or improve, we'll probably be talking about it again.
Richard A. Dierker: No. No, there's not. And we can take it off-line at some point, but there is no way that we had the exposure from the commodities to make it a 300 basis point move. We just don't have that type of volatility.
Richard A. Dierker: So, Caroline, I think we were right on our expectations for a buyback. We said we were going to do around $300 million this year of buybacks, and we did $100 million in December. We did about $200 million in February, and if you look at our past practice, we typically get ahead of our full-year buyback in Q1. So $300 million is right on target. We feel good about that number. I think, as you've seen us in the past, if we go many, many, many years without doing an acquisition and we have the cash build up on the balance sheet, then we always look back and say how do we return that to shareholders.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, I would say that in Q1 the TOPPIK acquisition had a really high SG&A rate, it was probably around 15%, and part of that is amortization, part of that's transition costs. So all-in, it was around 40 basis points to the quarter.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, and let me put a little bit of context behind it, too. We're talking about a move of going from down 10 basis points in SG&A to up 25 basis points. That's around $11 million or $12 million, right? We're adding, whatever, $3 million or so from incremental R&D projects, not head count, just more opportunities for the future, more NPD, more resources to work on different things. There's a couple million dollars for the head count for the International business and the export business, and there's a few million dollars for higher IT infrastructure costs. So it's not like we're taking a huge dollar amount and going and investing in head count. I just want to be clear on that.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, sure. So I'll take the commodity question first. So we had said previously, and it's still the case, that, in general, resin was down 10%, surfactants were down 20%, paper was relatively flat. You guys know what oil and diesel are doing, and those are favorable year-over-year as well. I think, in general, we do have some hedges out there. We went into the year with about 30% hedged, which is really our lowest level in quite a few years because we thought we should float most of the market. We do have a couple hedges on surfactants, so maybe we're not getting the entire spot market benefit, but, in general, 300 basis points is not realistic for us at all. So we do have that as a tailwind, in general, from commodities. Fixed costs for vitamins; now remember, we told you guys this was a 75% increase in capacity, so a $300 million business becomes $525 million. It's going to take some time to really grow into those fixed overheads. And you're right, we had startup costs last year, but those fixed overheads are more in totality than the startup costs were a year ago.
Richard A. Dierker: ...we do see trends. There's a certain percentage of the category that does mix pods and liquid laundry, so that might throw off your wash load metrics as well.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, we don't want to go into the details between gross to net and all of our trade spending, Olivia. I would say we continue to watch the trade spending, just like we do every item in the P&L; and Matt has given you context on laundry. That's a good indicator, right? Amount sold on deal for laundry a year ago was 36%. Now it's 35%. For litter, it was 24% a year ago. Now it's 22%. Vitamins is another big category for us, and that was 39% a year ago and it's 39% this year. So there's a little context.
