James Craigie: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk you, particularly when we have good results to report. I'll start off this call by providing you with my perspective on our second quarter business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I'm very pleased with the second quarter business results, which were in line with our expectations despite some serious headwinds. Since January, we have seen greater-than-expected increases in commodity costs and weaker-than-expected consumer demand in most of the categories in which we compete. Despite those headwinds, we delivered 3.3% organic growth in the second quarter, which was up significantly from the 1% organic growth achieved in the first quarter. This organic revenue growth momentum has continued into the third quarter, which is off to a very strong start. Like other consumer package goods companies, our second quarter margin was below a year ago. However, through aggressive hedging and cost cutting, we were able to keep the gross margin decline versus a year ago to just 90 basis points, which was better than most of our competitors. As promised, our marketing spending was up 220 basis points versus Q1 to support a launch of new products across every one of our power brands. And most importantly, we delivered a 12% earnings per share gain for the quarter, which was on top of an 18% EPS gain in the second quarter last year. Thus, we had a good start to what has been a very difficult business environment so far this year. All CPG companies are fighting the same headwinds, but I continue to believe that no other CPG company is as well suited as Church & Dwight to deliver exceptional performance in a tough environment. I'll explain that rationale for that statement in a few minutes after Matt provides you with greater insights on the financial results for the second quarter.
James Craigie: Yes, then we expect stronger growth of the summer domestic and continued strong growth international in the second half. Yes, Per, and FPD [ph] will fade to back to normal growth levels.
James Craigie: Yes. The condom business is doing very well. We've lost a couple of tenths to share point this year so far, but that's not a problem. Our sales are up. We took a price increase in effect in Q2, and competition has followed. We're also launching higher-margin new products, which is helping the profitability category. Quite honestly, the competitions coming from the Ansell company, they've had some gains in distribution of that that have cost a couple of tenths off us. There's been no sign of any increased activity out of Durex, which is part of SSL, which is now part of Reckitt.
James Craigie: Yes. OxiClean is the one business which kind of surprised us this year in the sense that the category was very weak in the first quarter, almost down double digits. Now that followed 2010 in which there was a major competitive war as a large competitor entered the category. A lot of spending was put behind that, a lot of spending was done to defend against that. As I said, we defended very well and held our share and other competitors took the loss as this new entry gained some share. And then surprisingly, I mean, the category's very strong last year, and then surprisingly this year, the category started very weak. We're still trying to figure out why, quite honestly. We're not sure if there's a lot of pantry-loading last year with all the trial incentives and all the defensive spending or whether possibly this category is a premium category, is sort of a luxury category that people could back off. I know the good news is the category came back a little positive in the second quarter. So -- but it did surprise us. Our share basically is flat in the first half of the year, which is okay. It was strong in the first quarter, down a bit in the second quarter. But overall, flat on the year. But the good news there is it looks like that's a sign of category growth is coming back, which is important to us, and we have some good initiatives planned in the second half of the year that continue to maintain or hopefully drive some share growth there. But it's the one surprise of the category that surprisingly went very weak in the first quarter of the year on us.
James Craigie: Yes. Bill, it's largely the household side of the business, a little bit in oral care. It's competitively driven. What I said a year ago when a certain big competitor started price wars -- price wars are not good for everybody. Those who start it usually win some share at first, and then they upset the guys who lose it. We also won last year in fighting back, but some other competitors lost, and gee, guess what those competitors who have lost last year are being very aggressive this year with spending and forcing the rest of us to continue aggressive spending. So that's where it is. Overall, again, liquid laundry is always just one of the biggest categories there. We've done very well in the category. We're very good fighters in that category, and our value positioning puts us in good position, but there has been an unexpected high level of trade spending continuing in that category, a little bit in litter, I would tell you, and oral care also has been very competitive.
James Craigie: Well, all the trade [indiscernible] spend back was talked about in the second half of this year. So we still don't have a clear picture of whether that's going to happen. And the real driver of spending is Henkel out there right now, which again was the one who lost share last year and is trying to get it back this year. But we're still -- the issue of hopefully lower trade spending, it's still, jury is still out on that one. I would say it doesn't look hopeful, but jury's still out.
James Craigie: In general, that's right. We will, but they're not the only competitor in the category, and we also have to be competitive versus our value players in the category. [indiscernible] That's where the problem is right now, that Henkel lost share big time last year and is being very aggressive on trade spending this year, which will affect everybody in the category. And we have defended very well and, in fact, grown our share despite that, but it has caused us to spend more trade spending than we would like.
James Craigie: No, it's primarily just an aggressive competitor out there. I mean, I should mention good news is the liquid laundry category, which was down about mid-single digits in the first quarter, was down only about 1% in the second quarter. So the category looks like it's coming back, which is good news. And it's just that competitor who lost badly in share a year ago who was trying to regain the share this year. But again, as I told you on my call, our share growth is the best of anybody in the category, and we will defend ourselves aggressively, but that is meant that we kind of spend some trade spending to neutralize the actions of this competitor.
James Craigie: Again, 80% of sales are in the U.K., but 20% are on the other countries, including other parts of Western Europe and United States. We do see opportunity to grow with in all of those markets. It's a very unique product. Dry shampoo is in one way is an old product but a very hot product recently. A lot of hair care companies are telling women not to shampoo their hair every day because it will strip their hair of oils, and as a result, this business has had quite a little pop out there. Again, the comp on average growth rate of almost 90% over the past 4 years over in the U.K., was quite impressive to us. The margins were impressive. The product's made in cold packers today, but we have the ability to bring that in-house possibly. And we just think it's got good growth potential, so it was kind of a unique product that we got at a fair price, and we think it has good growth potential going forward.
James Craigie: Yes, I would just add to that. We have a great cash machine. Matt and his crew have generated the greatest percentage of free cash flow of any competitor out there. It's just to the point now where we probably have no debt. We are working hot and heavy on acquisitions. And this in no way will inhibit that, given the amount of cash we have, the borrowing capacity we have. So please don't read into this any change in our desire to continue to be a great acquirer in this category, and that's it, just don't. This is just an opportunity to buy back some shares because we have so much damn cash.
James Craigie: That's probably a pretty good assumption. And again, that's a good news bad news story. There's tremendous consumer appeal for our valued brands. And so when the ones -- the good news is XTRA has that tremendous growth and a record sales quarter in Q2. We expect that to continue be strong. The bad news on that, it's obviously a lower-margin product, so that affects some of the mix. But no, we think our value detergent business will continue to be very strong overall in the second half of the year.
James Craigie: Well, first of all, the untracked channel is going to change a lot because Wal-Mart is going to become part of Nielsen shortly. So that'll be a huge -- so that was a wonderful move, to put a major competitor in there. The untracked channels are generally done very well. That's where the flow is towards the mass merchants and towards the dollar channels and some of the club. But I wouldn't say any major change in that over time. It's just their -- for a long time have flowed that way.
James Craigie: The bottom line of that one, Jason, is we always have put our focus more and more on the 8 power brands. They're all doing, like I said, we grew share of 5 out of the 8. We generally grow share on that 5, or 6 or 8 out of the 8. We put the focus there. The tail brands have done pretty well now. Matt mentioned earlier we intentionally, in the first half of this year, discontinued some bonus packs on our value toothpaste, which honestly were unprofitable and we took them out. And so that was part of reason our organic growth went down a little bit. And those brands lost some share, but it was a wise move for us terms of gross margin by getting rid of business that made no sense. Otherwise, our other tail brands are -- some are actually growing, doing well. This comes with our [ph] value base. But we manage those quite well, and the decline on those is very minor.
James Craigie: I don't quite know how to answer your question about acceleration. We actually put a chart out in a presentation recently at Wall Street, which indexed our distribution gains over the last several years, and I'd be glad to give you that afterwards. So -- and those are pretty much over for the most part of this year as far, because we usually cap it on the second quarter. And so we again had very good distribution gains across our 8 value, our 8 brands. To your point, it's probably innovation, and it's probably value. It's that our value brands have done very well. Our retailers are making smart moves to get more emphasis in the shelf for the value brands, so value brands like in XTRA and to some degree, ARM & HAMMER laundry detergent have achieved some of the share gains on the value proposition, but they've also had great new products. The XTRA with OxiClean has done well. The ARM & HAMMER for the sensitive skin has done well. So it's kind of a combination of both, Chris, but it's -- the bottom line, which was very good, is our new product innovation and our value-oriented portfolio have helped us to gain share almost across the board in all of power brands.
James Craigie: No, Bill, not honestly. It's just we're agnostic as to which way we go in household personal care and that, and this was just a great opportunity to personal care category, so we took. But no, it doesn't indicate any swing one way or the other.
James Craigie: As far as the different businesses within the personal care side, you mentioned right, we did lose some business. Matt quantified it when he told you the toothpaste.
James Craigie: The Trojan was a quarterly shift, and the toothpaste was unintentional getting rid of profitable bogoes [ph].
James Craigie: No, everything else is launched. The ones we mentioned were back half new launches on the Simply Saline neti pot items and on the Tooth Tunes. So everything else launched in Q2, and that's why we started to ramp up our marketing spending by over 200 basis points versus Q1. And we'll keep up and spend more dollars in the back half of the year. But those 2 are new ones, and especially we're really excited about this Tooth Tunes item. It's honestly an item, it's an item we bought from Hasbro company who launched it several years ago and delivered in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 million in gross retail sales out there. They couldn't handle the product, the SKU complexity of the product. They couldn't handle the retailers that wasn't their normal retailers. And they discontinued the product. But it was a terrific product and we bought the rights to it. And we're relaunching it in a much, I think, smarter way in terms of fewer SKUs. We got some of the hottest artists out there, and the retail reaction so far has been phenomenal.
James Craigie: It's new. I can't share with you who it is, but it's -- you can think we often talk to you about what our largest ingredients are, from things like corrugate and surfactants on that. And we're finding companies out there that we don't compete with that buy those materials from some of the same suppliers, and we're talking to them. And it'll have, begin to have some impact in 2012, but probably more after 2012. But it's a good move to create greater bursting [ph] leverage, so it will help us in the future on our gross margin.
James Craigie: No, it's very similar. It'll be out there in drugstores, mass merchants and very similar to every place we have Simply Saline today, which is in all type of accounts.
James Craigie: We do have few products in there, and that is an interesting opportunity for that channel. Thank you. We'll take a look at that. But mostly right now, we're going into our traditional channels, which are 98% of the volume in this country.
James Craigie: No. I want to thank everybody for taking the time today to hear our call. Again, we're very happy with the first half, especially in this very, very tough business environment. And we feel very encouraged about the second half. Again, I told you, the month of July was an exceptional month for us. We're off to a strong start, and we certainly hope it continues. And we'll deliver the numbers we promised to you. So thank you very much, and have a great day.
Matthew Farrell: One thing to think about, Per, is that our year-to-date share creeps has a run rate of about 2 million shares. And we have talked from time to time in the past with investors about the significant free cash flow that the company generated -- generates even after paying dividends. So to the extent that we would take share creep off the table, I mean, a run rate of 2 million shares at a price of $4 to $50 would be $80 million to $100 million annually, which we would pay out of available cash. And remember, we have $615 million of undrawn lines between our revolver and our asset securitization facility, so in no way would this affect our ability to fund acquisitions.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, I think fall and winter will eventually come so the temperatures will come down. And the effect [ph] we're seeing right in the dairy products is going to fade.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. In the first quarter, our consumer business in the U.S. had 1% organic growth, so we're 2% now, so domestic business is accelerating Q1 to Q2.
Matthew Farrell: We could do that. We're about 10% to 15% hedged for next year, and a lot of our decisions with respect to hedging in our long-term contracts will be made between now and when we get to the end of the third quarter.
Matthew Farrell: There's some timing also going on, so in condoms, we had some account resets that happened in Q1 this year that would normally happen in Q2. So it is a little bit lumpy, but all in all, the business is healthy.
Matthew Farrell: It's just related to the legal -- some litigation we have described our 10-Qs. There's no new ones there, it's the same ones we've had for a while.
Matthew Farrell: The announcement by Henkel with respect to pulling back on trade promotional spending is not obvious to us at this point in first week of August.
Matthew Farrell: I mean, it's a range, Joe. So just to repeat what I said, product mix is certainly effect in gross margins. And yes, we got the prices increases, but because of how aggressive some of our competitors have been in some categories, it's not flowing through, getting the help that we thought we were going to get from it.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, you're right, we haven't bought back shares since the year 2000, and we've been generating an increasing amount of free cash flow over the last couple of years. Earlier in the year, we doubled our dividend because we had significant cash flow that we were generating, as I said before, $350 million annually after CapEx. The dividend is about $100 million requirement on a full year basis, so that leaves us $250 million. And as I said before, we have tremendous amount of available lines, existing lines of $615 million, and we can actually expand our revolver in addition to that if we want to do something larger. So there's no message with respect to the announcement other than we have the ability now to take share creep off the table.
Matthew Farrell: Alice, we would never forecast the gross margin by quarter year-over-year. As we've said before, we have lots -- the things that influence year-over-year gross margin is the timing of our cost savings programs. And you probably remember that we accelerated some of -- to pull those some into the year. We started the year expecting $200 million or probably 200 basis points of costs savings, and we're now at 200 to 250. So across savings programs that we pulled into year are going to influence the second half of gross margins. The other thing, too, is we have the launch of some of these new products that Jim made reference to, the Tooth Tunes and neti pot, which are also high-margin products.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, we expect price mix in the second half to be neutral. It could be neutral to up a bit. But actually thought it was, we -- 90 days ago, we were pretty convinced it was going to be a positive trend in the second half. And now, we think, it's going to -- it won't be, and that's the reason why we went from 50 to 100 to 0 to 50.
Matthew Farrell: One thing that is probably worth pointing out is that, if you looked at our gross margins last year, our lowest-margin quarter was the third quarter where we were at 44%. And if you look at our trend so far this year, first quarter was 44.9%, and second quarter was 44.5%. So you can kind of do the math on what you think the range will be in the second half. But that, so the comp actually has influenced it as well year-over-year.
Matthew Farrell: Well, we doubled it, as you said, earlier in the year, and we do evaluate our uses of cash flow all the time. And the #1 destination for us is M&A. And as far as return of cash to shareholders, we've made one move with respect to doubling of dividend, and now we have decided we're going to address the share creep. But it is something that the management and the Board does address regularly. And I think at this point we wouldn't comment any further on our intentions.
Matthew Farrell: Jason, this is Matt. Just to give you some -- a number. The value toothpaste that Jim made reference to, so Aim and Close-Up where we ended some unprofitable bogoes [ph], from a top line standpoint, that was a 30 basis point drag on our organic growth in the second quarter, but it was a conscious decision on our part.
Matthew Farrell: Actually, it was bigger in the first quarter. It's actually been tailing off, so it'll less of a factor in the second half, but it certainly affected the second quarter.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, you're right about the legal costs, and those are things that are hard to predict and hard to forecast, so that is, as you would characterize, is a headwind. But we still -- since we have opportunity to get leverage on SG&A year-over-year but I wouldn't call a basis point number right now.
Matthew Farrell: Well, I mean, our primarily levers when it comes to EPS are revenue, gross margin and SG&A. We would say marketing would be secondary because it's real important to how we drive the business. And revenue and gross margin are, certainly we got ranges in there. And SG&A, as I said to Jason before, we do see an opportunity to get some more leverage year-over-year on SG&A. And in the second half, of course, we have these new product launches that are also influencing factors. So we've got that built in as well in the success to Tooth Tunes, in particular, and that neti pot. So it's -- there are pieces, but we do see definitely a way home here for 10% to 11% EPS growth.
Matthew Farrell: Now remember, we have a $0.03 range for the year, and the share repurchase at best would be $0.01. You're limited to what you can buy, and as I said, the run rate is 2 million shares a year, so even if we're to take [indiscernible] off the table, the best it would get you is around $0.01. So, I mean, that's not a big swinger.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, but where you're going to come out within the range, it's going to -- we haven't tightened it, so we weren't able -- we were going to tighten it to give you a better guidance, but we left it where it was.
Matthew Farrell: It is a factor in the second quarter. But I wouldn't say it would be a big swinger for the full year just because I've said it. It'll tail off the whole dairy product spike in the second quarter. You're going to get a little bit more in the third quarter. But yes, specialty would influence this quarter, but it would be muted by the fact that you got 3 other quarters in the year.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, we had a good quarter, 6, somewhat offset the weakness in Trojan. With respect to Trojan, we said Trojan was lumpy. So up Q1, down Q2; but on the half, up, and also saying our prospects are good for the second half as well in the Trojan category.
Matthew Farrell: Well we had some accounts that reset in Q1 that normally would reset in Q2. And the other thing is we had a May price increase as a lesser factor, but you have a little bit small that swung into Q1 as early buy.
