Richard A. Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. I will start with EPS. First quarter adjusted EPS was $0.63 per share compared to $0.52 in 2017, up 24%. The $0.63 was better than our $0.61 outlook, largely due to our stronger than anticipated top line. Reported revenues were up 14.7% to $1 billion. Organic sales were up 3.8%, exceeding our Q1 outlook of approximately 2%. The organic sales beat was driven by our Domestic and International Consumer business. We are extremely pleased with our strong volume growth domestically of 5.3% and, as expected, our negative price mix continues to move in the right direction. And, we expect that improvement to continue as we move through the year. Now, let's review the segments. Consumer Domestic business's organic sales increased by 3.6%, primarily due to ARM & HAMMER liquid and unit dose laundry detergent, ARM & HAMMER cat litter, OxiClean stain fighters, BATISTE dry shampoo, and vitafusion L'IL CRITTERS gummy vitamins. International organic growth was up 6.8%, driven largely by OxiClean and the export business, Sterimar, ARM & HAMMER toothpaste and OxiClean in Mexico, and Femfresh and BATISTE in Australia. For Specialty Products division, organic sales declined less than 1% due to lower volume. The U.S. dairy industry demand is significantly reduced due to low milk prices, as Matt mentioned, but our recent acquisitions continue to reduce volatility. For the full year, we now expect this business to be flat. Turning, now, to gross margin, our adjusted first quarter gross margin was 44.9%, an 80-basis point decrease from a year ago. The Q1 decrease was primarily driven from higher commodities. Now, for the full year, gross margin is expected to be down 80 basis points, and, it's really three primary drivers: incremental commodity headwinds are worth around 40 basis points; incremental transportation costs of around 10 basis points; and, negative brand mix as our household business continues to grow faster than our PC business. The good news is that we are now 85% hedged, so there is not a lot of volatility remaining. Moving, now, to marketing, marketing as a percent of revenue was 9.9%, which was down 40 basis points year-over-year. If we exclude our recent acquisitions, marketing was actually up 20 basis points to 10.5%. For SG&A, Q1 SG&A increased 50 basis points year-over-year. Excluding acquisition amortization, SG&A as a percent of net sales remained essentially flat at 12.8%. And to operating profit, the adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 21.9%. Other expense was $19.6 million, which was a $13.7 million change year-over-year, largely due to $21.7 million of interest expense due to our higher debt levels. Next is income tax. Our effective rate for the quarter was 21.4% on an adjusted basis compared to 30.9% in 2017. We expect the full year rate to be between 24% and 25%. And now to cash, we had a strong cash flow quarter. We generated $155 million of net cash for the quarter, $24 million increase from the same quarter a year ago, largely due to higher cash earnings and lower working capital. So in conclusion, the first quarter highlights include 3.8% organic, which translated into our reported EPS growth of 24%. Turning to the second quarter outlook, we expect Q2 organic sales growth of approximately 3%. We expect second quarter earnings per share of approximately $0.46, a 59% reported increase year-over-year or 12% increase on an adjusted basis. One note on SG&A for Q2, it's going to be a bit higher as we have our acquisition impact, like you saw in Q1, but also investment spending kicking in, Germany and International head count, plus incremental R&D spending. And now, turning to full year, to summarize our thinking, we now expect organic sales to exceed 3% and reported growth of approximately 9%, which offsets the headwinds we discussed on gross margin. Our full year marketing as a percent of sales slows down a little bit for the company due to improved Waterpik top line performance and our small SPD acquisitions, both of which have low or no marketing associated with them. We continue to expect EPS to be $2.24 to $2.28 per share, or adjusted EPS growth of 16% to 18%, which is top tier among the entire industry. And finally, turning to cash, we expect Cash from Ops to exceed $680 million. And with that, we'll turn it back over to you guys, so Matt and I can answer any questions.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Hey, Erica. It's Rick. I would tell you, for context, if you think back, in 2017 we had some big negative price mix in our Domestic business. Remember, for the full year we were down 320 basis points. In Q4, we were down 130 basis points, and now in Q1 we were down 170 basis points; so, mitigated from 2017. We're always going to have some negative price mix. I think over the last five years, we've averaged around a 120-basis point drag. That's just the nature of our business. But the good news is, as some of the trade optimization, some of the couponing is reduced over the year, that's really what's driving improvement in negative price mix. We also have – our personal care business this year is doing a little bit better than year ago.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And I would just also add to that, right, we had minus 1.7% drag from price mix, but we had strong volume growth, right, in excess of 5%. So that equation works pretty well.
Richard A. Dierker: And the other good news there is when we do launch new products, they're typically accretive, right. Our SLIDE product for litter is an example of just great innovation and it's accretive to margin. So that's the other end of the spectrum.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And just to add to that, by August 1, international Waterpik and consumer – and Church & Dwight will be fully integrated.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. No, Bonnie, that's a fair question. It's Rick. We did exceed our expectations in Q1. I'd say, on average the – in Q1 we were 3.8% organic and we said 3% in Q2, so on average it's about 3.5%. And so, that would imply that it's slightly lower than 3% in the second half. But if you look at it on a stacked basis, on a two-year basis, we're around 6% – solid 6% or so as you go through each of the quarters. So I think part of it is just a comp story, but we think the core business is doing great throughout the year.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, Bonnie, it's Rick, again. I would say, in general, transportation, and you know this very well, across the industry has been a big headwind. For us, it hasn't been as big of a headwind. I think we do have some things to our advantage, like we do have dedicated carriers for a large bulk of our network. We do have multiple sites that produce and ship products, like as an example, laundry detergent's made in three places throughout the country, right, and that helps. We do have some customers that do pick up. So by and large, we have great partners as well. We had some of our key partners in this month and we always try to find a way for us to invest correctly so it's optimized, and our productivity program even goes all the way through our transportation network.
Richard A. Dierker: No, we think it's going to be fairly stable, Bill. In the example of Q1, the promotional category that was up slightly was laundry and that was already accounted for in our Q1 gross margin and our outlook, but we think, overall, it's a great trend. Most of the businesses in which we compete are not as promotional and we think that's really true for the company from a portfolio perspective versus our peers.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And as for the positive price mix for International business, you're right, it is a little bit outsized. There's three things. One is Mexico had some good price increases that are flowing through. Number two is that the PC brand mix is also very strong for that business. And then, number three, as we go direct to Germany and take the distributor margin, in effect, that's a good guy from a price mix perspective.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Over the long-term, of course. Just like our core consumer business, it's largely volume driven. I think this year there is a piece of it, because when we go direct, we take out the distributor margin, like I mentioned. And International business does – is able to take price globally pretty well, too. But in general, it's volume driven business with a little bit of price.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. No, that's right. I think there is a – yes, it's an incremental hit. So now, today, I would say the full year drag from commodities is around 80 basis points. The drag from distribution is around 20 basis point, so 100 basis points all in from those two things.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I think it's more net good news than anything. Our personal care business, this is the second quarter in a row that we have growth. So that's a great thing organically; it's kind of turned around from 2017. It's just our household business is growing even faster than we expected. And so, that's part of the reason we raised the reported outlook and the organic outlook.
Richard A. Dierker: And I think, just to say one other thing, Steve, is to be able to call the full year up high single digits in late April, early May just shows you the confidence we have in that business.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Again, we don't really like to get into the pricing telegraph discussions. I think in general, the comments from me on the call were, over time with higher commodity costs, higher transportation costs, if we would lead in certain categories, we would follow in others. There's more than one way to take a price increase besides list price increases. We talked about trade optimization, couponing, pack sizes, all that other stuff. So that's the extent on which we're going to make any comments on pricing.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. Hey, this is Matt. As everybody knows, commodities and transportation costs are rising. That's tempering the appetite to compete on price. Of course, to take price, typically you need a strong position in a category and a cost story to the retailer. So an example would be condoms, where we have a 70% share and latex costs would be important to that category. As Rick said, we think that price mix is going to improve from here out, from Q2, Q3 and Q4, for two reasons. One, is the trade optimization plans and we have less couponing planned for the year. But as you've heard us say more recently at CAGNY and at the Stock Exchange, pricing is difficult to take in this environment. But to the extent that we would be taking price, we wouldn't be telegraphing that on a call.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. This is probably why the general counsel always sits with us when we're on these earnings calls, holding up a big sign saying, no. So Kevin, the reality is, yeah, we're aware of what Clorox said with respect to the litter category. So that, obviously, is just a data point that we would have with respect to what actions we would take, but we wouldn't comment right now what we plan to do or not do. And there's lots of ways to get price. As I mentioned, there's trade optimization. There's also less couponing. There's also pack sizes and how much product you put in the pack. So there's lots of ways to do that without messing with the list pricing, but we wouldn't go any further on that question with respect to the litter category.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: I would say that, if you talk to our sales guys, they'll say it's no easier to take price now than it has been in the past. You have to be able to take it selectively, so to the extent that you have a really good cost story. But I wouldn't say right now that the dam has broke and now the retailers are open arms with respect to price increases.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Actually, international business is rocking, Kevin. So we got after that immediately in the second half of 2017. So that's one of the reasons for the high-single digits growth rate. So – and as far as do we think it's sustainable? I mean, we think it's sustainable at least through 2019. We wouldn't want to go much further out than that.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: And Bonnie I would add to that, you may remember us talking about this, that we got out ahead of this...
Matthew Thomas Farrell: ... in the second half of 2017 with our partners and, consequently, we probably don't buy as much on the spot market as some of our peers because of the great partners that we have.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, Bill, if you think about those 14 categories, 9 of them are personal care and personal care is not as heavily promoted as household. So if you thought about where is the – if you – so what are the three that are not lower year-over-year? Laundry would be one of them. So the laundry category, it was – grew by 0.6% in the quarter. We had a great quarter – ARM & HAMMER grew 9% consumption. And the good news is XTRA was – grew with the category and had flat share. So the category – that one was way more promotional year-over-year. So sold on deal in laundry was up 400 basis points. And that was largely driven by Tide and Persil, and they were both up well over 400 basis points sold on deal. We, on the other hand, were up 200 basis points. So – and we were essentially on the sidelines in comparison to those guys. But back to the original comment, because we're in personal care and it's less promoted, it's really the household side of the house that you have to watch more carefully.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: And that's why Rick was saying the average price mix for the last five years is 1.2%. So yeah, and that's generally driven by the household side of the business.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. Well, look, we got a 6% algorithm and we just think it's sustainable. Think of all the things we've done. We've expanded by establishing an office in Panama and Singapore. That's certainly benefiting our export business. We opened a new subsidiary in Germany, which is – we hadn't been there previously. And now, we just got way more focus, got great people in there and we think we're going to hit 6% or better for the year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. I'll start with Mexico. So Mexico has been just a fabulous business for us for the last few years and they've been growing double-digit. And I think that's as a result of a lot of the focus that we have down there. And we have both household products and personal care products and I think it's a question of execution, Lauren, for us in Mexico. And so, we have – again, expect double-digit growth for Mexico this year. So it's been a great story for us.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. I think price – I don't want to repeat what Rick said, but yeah, that was definitely an element in the first quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, I just want to be clear that we had a smoking quarter in laundry; smoking. I mean, the category grew 60 bps and ARM & HAMMER laundry grew 8.9%. OxiClean liquid laundry detergent consumption grew 30%, and Xtra, for the first time, held share in quite a while. So all three brands showed up in Q1. So – no, we had a fabulous quarter from a share perspective and we didn't spend to get it, unlike our competitors. Like I said before, the sold on deal was far more promotional this year than last year first quarter, up 400 basis points, and that's all Henkel and P&G. So, we were...
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, I think one thing to keep in mind is this is the 33rd consecutive quarter in a row that we've grown share in ARM & HAMMER. And we think we've stabilized Xtra, and OxiClean has been growing. So I like our chances going forward. This isn't just an anomaly in Q1. We've been growing ARM & HAMMER quarterly for eight years.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: What we see, frankly, is that gum health is starting to matter to consumers. So – and you are correct in that it's a longer purchase cycle, but we bought Waterpik because they had good growth for each of the last three years. So, you have repeat purchases and you have households that have one, two, three or four Waterpiks – flossers. So, you are correct in that it's a long purchase cycle, but the company has been enjoying the interest in gum health. So if you look at toothpaste, for example, you saw that GSK launched parodontax. And then, there's been one or two other entrants into toothpaste that are directed towards gum health. So it would seem that in oral care that gum health, where once upon a time I think people might have frowned upon whether or not using flossers was beneficial, I think that's changing. The Waterpik business has done a fabulous job in reaching the dental community through a hygienist program and we expect to replicate that internationally. And, early days, we think that international is going to be a goldmine for us in that business.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. So yeah, Lou's going to be leaving us at the end of the year. Huge shoes to fill. The process is that we'll do an external search. Lou is on the interview team. So the next leader will have his full endorsement or Lou will be continuing to work in 2019 and 2020. And so, we'll plan on hiring that person pretty early, so that we'll have plenty of overlap this year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, we would say that the consumer is strong. In the economy, I think one of the things you always have to keep an eye on is gas prices. It's clear that the tax reform has put more money in the pockets of consumers. So we would say that the consumer is strong. So it's a good environment right now. As far as, are there going to be winners and losers out there? Absolutely. But we – the way we look at it is we have 11 brands that consumers love. We support them. We're improving our ability to target and connect with consumers and our online sales continues to grow. So we're well positioned to be a winner.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, it's been a trend for quite some time. I think the bigger trend these days is really the online shift. But I think we're well positioned in both classes of trade.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: So you're right, over time you have shifts from one class of trade to another. Some would say that the dollar class of trade has been strengthening over time and continues to strengthen. That may be just a reflection of the consumer's interest in value and value brands. But I would say we look at that in totality and we want to win in every one of our classes of trade.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. You're right. So the business, when we bought it, was approximately that size. It did grow rapidly, initially, at first. Certainly, the first year that we owned it attracted a lot more entrants into the category, so our growth rate slowed. And you may recall, a couple of years ago we had difficulty in bringing the new plant online, so we went sideways in growth for at least a year. But we think we've got that turned around right now. So we had some growth last year for the first quarter; vitafusion, the adult gummy, grew over 6% consumption, L'IL CRITTERS grew 2% consumption. So that bodes well for us. Our focus is on adult. That's the big market. We think that the kids gummy vitamins is somewhat saturated, but the big opportunity is in adult. And with respect to medications, you're right. The thinking is, is there a way to take active RX products and put them in gummy form? The difficulty is in masking the taste of the active, so that you still have a great taste in gummy. So that is not something that we've been able to solve to-date, but that would certainly be something that, if we could sort it out, would be another avenue of growth for us.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Okay, guys. We'll let you go. We had a fabulous quarter. If there are no further questions, I want to thank you all for tuning in today.
