Matthew T. Farrell: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'll provide some color on the quarter, and then I'll turn the call over to Rick Dierker, our CFO. And when Rick is finished, we'll open the call up for questions. So Q1 was a strong quarter for our company. There's lots of good news. Organic sales growth of 2.3%, exceeded our outlook of approximately 1% to 2% and we also exceeded our EPS outlook. Our global consumer business delivered organic sales growth of 2.6%, led by continued strong growth by our international consumer business. In the U.S., organic sales grew approximately 1%, meeting our expectations and comping a big first quarter in Q1 2016 of 5%, and six of 10 power brands grew share in the quarter. So, a good report card there. Our international consumer business exceeded our expectations with 11.8% organic growth. International has emerged as a growth driver for us over the past few years. The investments that we have made in new leadership, regional hubs and brand focus, have been paying off. Our international business grew 8% in 2015, 10% in 2016 and we expect 6% to 7% growth in 2017. In Q1, many regions contributed to the success story. Turning to Specialty Products, our Specialty Products Division saw a continued improvement. The flattish organic growth was actually better than expected. The dairy economy continues to recover from the weakness that we saw in 2016, and we have easier comps going forward. So, now back to the U.S., categories slowed down a bit in the U.S. in Q1, particularly January and February, but we have seen signs of improvement in March and April. Innovation is always a good stimulant for category growth and we have excellent innovation on the way. Many of our new products are hitting store shelves now and we attempt to get behind them in the coming quarters. We've leveled the playing field in unit dose laundry detergent with the launch of our own Triple Chamber detergent product. In Q1, before the launch of Triple Chamber, ARM & HAMMER nearly doubled the category growth rate for unit dose for the fourth consecutive quarter. The Triple Chamber product is hitting shelves now and we expect future share gains as a result. And liquid detergent, which still accounts for almost three quarters of the category, ARM & HAMMER detergent grew share for the 29th consecutive quarter. Also, in laundry, we are restaging our OXICLEAN laundry detergent in Q2 with new packaging, a new formula and new advertising. Turning to cat litter, our launch of ARM & HAMMER SLIDE cat litter is off to a great start. Consumers have responded to this innovative new litter that does not stick to the litter box. This benefit addresses a major frustration for cat odors adding much needed convenience to the clean-up process. SLIDE has already reached a 4-share of the clumping litter segment and we expect to gain share as we move through the year. In adult gummy vitamins, VITAFUSION is launching an energy vitamin made with caffeine to address consumers' desire for mental energy and alertness. Over to condoms, TROJAN has launched a new XOXO premium quality condom targeting both men and women with a soft touch, aloe lubricated latex in a unique portable carrying case. TROJAN will be advertised for the first time on network television this year. Many of you will see our commercials in series finales this spring. In fact, we will be airing on Saturday Night Live this Saturday night, May 6. Dry shampoo. Dry shampoo consumption grew 32% in Q1 and is now $120 million category in the U.S. Our BATISTE brand launched new variants to continue to broaden the line. Our new lightly scented Bare is getting strong reviews from women and BATISTE is the number one dry shampoo in the world. Just a few more things. As you read in the release, we plan to put significant muscle behind these innovations in the next couple of quarters, both in store and on-the-air. Remember that six out of our 10 power brands grew share in Q1, and we're aiming to improve on that mark in the coming quarters. On the acquisition front, we continue to build the capabilities of our animal productivity business. This week, we closed the acquisition of Agro BioSciences. This is a terrific business that adds products and a lot of scientific talent to our team, and we are really excited about the Wisconsin team, that's joining us. Agro BioSciences expands our ability to provide non-antibiotic solutions to promote the health and productivity of production animals. And this is in a world that will grow population from 7 billion today to 9 billion by the middle of the century. And we expect this business to grow very rapidly in the coming years. Finally, we streamlined the company a bit in Q1 with the sale of our Brazilian chemical business. We will continue to concentrate on growing our existing consumer business in Brazil. Next up is Rick to give you details of our first quarter results and Q2 and full-year outlook.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So we posted 11% organic growth in Q1, and more than half – let's say two-thirds of that is non-export. Too often we focus on the export part of the business. But, let's say a third of it is export and two-thirds of it is the rest of the world. You know we're making a lot of investments there over the past couple years, so we think the export growth will continue for us. If your question is around the full year, so we're calling 6% to 7% for the full year – or we posted almost the 12% for Q1. So we don't expect that the 12% to continue throughout the year. To break it down, we mentioned in the release that Canada had a big quarter, but it does vary from quarter to quarter, somewhat lumpy as to which businesses or which regions might drive it. I think the best way to think about it is that we do think that we're taking our number up on the full year. I think we started the year with 4% to 5% for international to grow and now we're calling 6% to 7%.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Okay. So I'll give you some color around the macros, and I'll let Rick address the reconciliation from the, say, measured channels and what we post for organic versus what you've seen. So as far as macros go, yeah, so the categories certainly January, February are somewhat slow, picked up March and April. We started the year thinking that our full year was based on a 2% category growth rate. We didn't see that in Q1 as we're little closer to 1.5% for the categories that we play in. We still feel good that we can get there, and we saw GDP just everybody else, 70 basis points, so that's a bit of a head scratch. We got to wait for the jobs report on Friday. But as far as the trends go, there's a lot of discounting that took place in the first quarter. We saw laundry was down 50 basis points, but remember, year-over-year, laundry was up 6% last year as a category. So, it's like a huge comp for laundry, but there is well a lot of discounting in the first quarter. You heard a couple of retailers cite the impact of late tax returns of anybody who claims here in income credit, you can't get your refund until after Feb 15. Then, of course, there's uncertainty always affects consumer behavior. So, you have – because we have a new administration, there's uncertainty around health care and taxes. And then somebody wrote a piece on Hispanic purchasing bloc and that's down year-over-year. So, it's empirical data that supports that, why, because of worries about immigration policy and deportation. And then, you have the shift to online, and obviously, that's – you won't see that in measured channels. But, yeah, certainly, there was a slowdown for the first couple of months. I see March and April picking up. I don't think other than what I cited, I don't think there's a lot more that we would point to as far as to why it's slowed down, but things certainly look better in April. So, we're not expecting a repeat of that for the remainder of the year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I would say that the Specialty Products business and particularly animal productivity business is a business that we'd like to get as big as it can get. And the reason for that is that, it's completely on trend, A. B, we have a base in technology and science behind it. From a financial standpoint, its operating margins are close to the consumer business and its asset-light. So, it meets all of our criteria frankly of the business that we would buy. It just happens to be a business that we've had for many, many years. And now because of the trend towards non-antibiotics to raise production animals, we find ourselves in the sweet spot. So, we bought a business in January 2015 called VI-COR and that was a prebiotic business. And we just picked up this fantastic business in Wisconsin, Agro BioSciences. And these guys can customize probiotics for their customers, I mean it's just a wonderful business model. So, we think the combination of those two businesses with our existing business is going to make us less cyclical, A, and, B, able to serve more than the dairy market going forward. So, we feel real good about that business.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. A lot of this with respect to promotional spend, we wouldn't be very specific about where that's going. We do have to narrow some gaps a bit in laundry. So, laundry, we actually were down year-over-year in our spend for ARM & HAMMER and OXICLEAN as the percentage sold on deal. So, that gap has widened a bit with some of our competitors. So, that would be one area we would put some money to work. So, we'll selectively use some promotions and couponing in Q2 and Q3, just to narrow those gaps.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. And then a combination of that business with our organization is, we're going to work real hard to make sure they hit that earn-out target.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, you're going to be – you'll see it on shelf soon. So, we have a new bottle, and we've got new claims which – they aren't public either right now and a new advertising. So yeah, you say we've launched it a couple years ago, 2014 and we've kind of gone sideways for a couple of years around a 1-share. And of course, Persil came in I guess 2015 and so that was unexpected. So now, we've kind of retrenching and restaging the business and we feel good about our prospects.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I wouldn't say we – it's better in comparison to January and February. I think we're still thinking the categories will be between 1.5% and 2% for the year. So, we've kind of looked it as a blip sort of recovery. We're not euphoric. We're not saying that, hey, it's blue skies and cool breezes in the rest of the year, but it's better than it was, Bill. So, I think, we're kind of back to where we thought we were in February when we gave our full year outlook.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, we haven't changed the position. I mean, it is just a slightly under a Tide Persil again from a price standpoint. As far as what we see out of the Sun-Henkel combination. All you can really look at is tactics and how much was sold on deal in Q1 this year versus last year. I can comment with respect to Purex. Purex brand was pretty much the same last year versus this year. There was a significant increase in Sun sold on deal, like 41% versus 35% last year in Q1. So, you might say they got a little more promotional on the lower end. But on the top end, Persil is still doing well. We continue to take some share. So we have to find our niche below Tide and Persil, and we think we've found a way to do that.
Matthew T. Farrell: We're not going to do any grandstanding right now. We just feel real good about the launch. It's only been out there for a few weeks now. So we'll update you again in August, but we like the way consumers are reacting to it. It's a good insight.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, well, laundry outside the scanned channels, I wouldn't say is much of a story for us right now. It's more on shelf. People still do buy – that's a category that's less developed from online versus bricks and mortar. Yeah, as far as how we're doing. I mentioned that ARM & HAMMER liquid grew share again in the first quarter for the 29th consecutive quarter. ARM & HAMMER grew 30 bps in the first quarter. Where our issue is, is on Oxi and XTRA, so that's what we run into. On the XTRA side, we lost 30 bps when we do the discounting. So that's one of the reasons why we're going to have to close some of those gaps in the next couple of quarters. We get our fair share of distribution gains just like other folks. We have strong brands, particularly ARM & HAMMER, so some of it is distribution, but the success of ARM & HAMMER in the first quarter was not promotionally driven. As I mentioned earlier that we actually sold less on deal in Q1 2017 than 2016. And now, we got the new triple-chamber launching, so we feel great about that, right? So ARM & HAMMER grew share in Q1 without it. And now, we're finally showing up with that. And our unit dose share, if you combine Oxi and ARM & HAMMER, it's over a 4-share. So, we got to get our fair share back in unit dose. That's the future, so that's where we're putting our money.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, look, first off, you've heard us say on other calls in the past that export can be a little bit lumpy. So that's a bit of it. As far as where the success is coming from, you've heard us say we got new leadership, we got new regional hub that's certainly helping the export business, but we have a focus on brands. So, the important brands for us in the International is STERIMAR which is a nasal hygiene, FEMFRESH which is feminine hygiene and BATISTE of course which is dry shampoo. And then we've had success with ARM & HAMMER in Canada and Mexico. So, there's a lot of effort around those brands and that concentrated effort has been paying dividends for us. As far as the rest of – are we sad because the rest of the year isn't 11% and for the next three quarters, no. We've taken Europe from 4% to 5% to 6% to 7%, and we think that's a prudent way to think about the year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yes. Yes. So, we said 2.5% to 3% for domestic beginning of the year. So, we're shaving that back down to 2.5%.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. You're right. We lost some share in the first quarter, but the latest four weeks, now we're up and we're up with the categories. So, we think the SLIDE is going to start pulling the train for us the rest of the way.
Matthew T. Farrell: Oh, yeah, BATISTE. BATISTE has been a rocket ship for us. One of the things we've pointed out is that the U.K. market in dollars is a $60 million market, and it's a country with 60 million people. And the growth of the dry shampoo market in the U.S. has just been astonishing. It grows 20% to 30% a quarter year over year. It's now $120 million, and of course we have over 300 million people in the U.S. So you would think that this category has got a lot of runway ahead of it, and is going to generate a lot of growth for the company in the future. So hope that helps you.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. The non-tracked channels would be club, but it would also be online, would also be beauty. So you've got three channels there to think about when you're trying to reconcile between non-measured and reported numbers. And I would say we treat all the channels similarly. I mean, obviously, there's some sophistication in digital marketing, which digital marketing also is going to (41:31) all your bricks-and-mortar marketing. So I wouldn't say there's anything in particular we're doing differently, treating those particular retailers than other retailers. Hope that helps you.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. As far as BATISTE goes, yes, we continue to get distribution. We are the number one brand, and our share continues to expand as the category grows. So we're getting new distribution, but we're getting, what's really driving it is velocity. There's just so much demand for the product and being a number one brand, we're winning. And we actually have the best product out there as far as efficacy goes, so it's just a combination of both great marketing, good claims and the best product.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. No, I think that's true. The online packaging is and will be different for a lot of categories going forward. So, that's one thing we're looking at across all of our categories. And that's a big change. But as our company, we always – as you correctly point out, is we move quickly and focus in speed is, those are the two hallmarks of Church & Dwight, and we look at change as our friend. So, we like our chances to the extent that people are going to move quickly to different packaging where appropriate and be first.
Matthew T. Farrell: All right. There's no further questions. I want to thank you all for tuning in today and we'll talk to you again in August.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Then, in terms of shipping to consumption. For Q1, our math says for the quarter that we're maybe down 70 basis points or organic growth was 0.8% for example and domestically, that's 150 basis points, and we said about 110 basis points of that 150 basis points was largely due to untracked channels. We think that trend will continue. I think you're going to see that across our space. For us, from an organic perspective for the full year, we had 2.3% in Q1, we're calling 1% to 2% in Q2 and then Q3 and Q4, that would require high-3s type of numbers. We feel good about that for a variety of reasons but also because of even the category growth comps year-over-year. Remember, laundry grew about 4.5% year ago, 4.5% in the first half and about 2% in the second half. So, we have some good tailwinds on that perspective too.
Richard A. Dierker: Meanwhile, Kevin, I mean, you should see in the release, right, we did sell the chemical business down in Brazil, so it's investing where the future is.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And then from a volume, price mix in Q2, we think volume is going to be up about 3% to 4% and price mix will be a drag of 1% to 2%. And that's also why margin came down for the full year from 60% to 40%. So, that's the short answer.
Richard A. Dierker: No. We don't always look at the trailing EBITDA or sales multiple, Olivia. But I would tell you that on a forward EBITDA multiple, we're 10 times or less. And that business is going to grow really fast and that's our expectation.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, largely because of the incremental trading and promotional activity. I think volumes are still as strong as they were, in our opinion.
Richard A. Dierker: Got you. Yeah. I think part of that, when we're talking last year especially, we had some of the club channel helping that number. This is purely largely online untracked channels because we're confident in any of the club benefits.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. On the marketing side, Joe, I would just tell you that kind of consistent with what we said in February, over the last few years, we had just seen an increase really in Q4, on top of Q4 increases. So, we want to move some of that money back to where it belongs in support of the new products and that's what we're doing by moving it to Q2 and Q3. On a trade and couponing perspective, I'd say it's really across the board in Q2 and Q3, and so hopefully, that helps.
Richard A. Dierker: There's some in Q4 too. But we're pretty laid back about it. I think as we said before, we expect category growth to be 1.5% and 2%. And we've done the marketing shift, we've put the coupon in and trade in place. And so, that's what we're confident about a 3% call for the year.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, so I'll take the TROJAN one really quick. So, your question was why is TROJAN down. Well, in context with my earlier answer on marketing spend, we did – marketing spend was down for TROJAN in Q1 because we wanted to move it into Q2 and Q3 in support of our new products. So, we hope to see that trend reverse as we increase our marketing spend and our new XOXO condom launches.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. We don't get into that brand-level detail on organic growth. I would just say even for next year in 2018, you're going to see some of those small acquisitions play a good role in organic growth. But for now, it's all – we'd be calling that out separately for reported growth anyway. Not really lot to add there.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, sure, I'll take the first one. So, just to reemphasize what I told Jason, he was asking there was a 300 basis point difference between our kind of our tracked and untracked organic growth from a year ago. And that was really driven because we had some club wins and we had some high – some growth online. We've anniversaried that growth, and in Q1, it's largely solely online growth, which is still significant. I mean, we have businesses like vitamins, for example, or like condoms that you heard Matt allude to that are doubling year over year. Right? So, we just have some really strong growth online.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Remember retails are putting a lot more focus on pods over time, so that shelf space is growing.
