Matthew Farrell: Okay. Thank you, Britta. Now we have got some really exciting things to talk about. I mentioned earlier that we have quite a scale as an innovator in CPG and I think this little show here is going to give you a real pace of the breadth of the innovation that we have in 2019. We will start off with Waterpik Sonic-Fusion. So we have the world’s first flossing toothbrush. Now you can brush and floss at the same time and only 16% of American adults floss daily. And this is clinically proven to be twice as effective as traditional brushing and flossing. So, this is a fabulous new product. And there is a lot of science behind this. So I am going to roll a couple of minutes here. So everybody can appreciate the design behind this product. [Video Presentation] Okay, gang. Everybody run out there and buy one today. Alright, next up is OXICLEAN. So we all know OXICLEAN for its whitening powers. But now we are launching OXICLEAN Dark Protect. So this is directed towards dark and black fabrics. So 42% of our wash loads are dark loads. So we are bringing anti-fade technology to OXICLEAN and it includes OXICLEAN Stain Fighters, it’s cold water soluble. This keeps dark and black fabrics looking newer. And we are also bringing that technology to value detergent. So, ARM & HAMMER plus OXICLEAN Fade Defense. This is for vibrant whites and bright colors. So, color fading is the number two laundry frustration. So this is a new benefit, Fade Defense that we are bringing to the value detergent category. Litter, so we have ARM & HAMMER Cloud Control, so you can breathe easy. If you are a cat owner, you know there is a cloud of nasties when you are emptying the litter pad. Now you can breathe easy with no cloud of nasties when cleaning the litter box. So this is dust-free, it’s got dandruff control technology, and an allergy-free light scent and we still have our 7-day odor-control guarantee. In vitamins, we are coming out both for VITAFUSION and Li’l Critters with organic vitamins, USDA organic. So a couple of proof points here, 50% of Americans now consume organic products at least occasionally. And millennials, more than half of millennials prefer supplements derived from organic sources. So we are giving consumers more of what they want and less of what they don’t want. So we all know that facial masks are the rage. So, NAIR is coming out with a NAIR leg mask. This is the first mask for legs that not only beautifies skin, but also removes hair. So when you ask facial mask users, 86% are interested in purchasing or using a mask for legs. We think we have a great insight here. We are going to run an ad right now so you can get a better appreciation for this. [Video Presentation] Okay, next would be oral care. So we are coming out with ORAJEL toothache strips. So we have patent pending on this particular product. This is where you are going to get targeted long lasting pain from strips that you apply to your toothache. Our strips stay in place for targeted relief, they dissolve slowly for long lasting relief and a cool mint taste. So, this is really a revolution for oral analgesics. BATISTE. BATISTE is a fast growing brand for us globally. We have two new variants coming out this year, one is a hydrating dry shampoo, the other one is volumizing. So a couple of proof points here. So, 80% of women don’t wash their hair everyday and only 24% are currently using dry shampoo. So, why is that? Well, it’s because some of them think it’s not for their hair type. So, we have a hydrating dry shampoo for dry hair with moisturizing avocado and volumizing dry shampoo for fine hair with plumping hair collagen. So, these are going to be two winners in 2019. It wouldn’t be an Analyst Day without TROJAN. So here is the TROJAN Edge, take pleasure to the limit. This is with lubricants to change sensations. Gen Z as we all know places a lot of value on experience, adventure and living boldly and to reach that crowd, we have a new TROJAN man. [Video Presentation] And no one in this room is in the target group, so you haven’t seen any of the digital ads, but I encourage you to look for them. Okay. Now, I am going to bring up Steven Cugine to take us through the international story.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. Animal Productivity, so we have a 5% algorithm here. Remember we said that the Company grows 3%, U.S. is 2%, international 6% as Steve just took you through, and Specialty Products 5%. So, you might think, hey, that’s kind of a big number considering that we went backwards in 2018 minus the 3.4%. Here’s how that 5% breaks out. So, we have a bulk chemical business. That’s essentially bulk sodium bicarbonate. It’s a real steady-Eddie business. Animal Productivity is the one that we expect to grow at 6%. Two-thirds of the businesses is Animal Productivity; one-third is bulk chemicals. Now the Animal Productivity part of the business is the one that’s been most volatile and the most cyclical over time. The reason we like being in that space is just because of this statistic is there’s 7.5 billion people on the planet today; going to 10 billion by 2015. So, animals have to be more productive. If you went back to the 1970s, that’s when we first got into the dairy business. Essentially baking soda was Alka-Seltzer for cows. They could pretty much eat more and more grass. From there we moved into nutritional supplements, still in dairy. And then 3 years ago we decided we have a great brand in ARM & HAMMER. We can move into other species; that will be cattle, swine, and poultry. So first we bought into pre-biotics, then we bought into probiotics. So now today, 2018, 24% of the business is non-dairy and growing. This is good for us going forward. Second thing is that 13% of the business is now international. So, the population growth is outside the U.S. That’s where we need to be. So, we’ve made a lot of progress over the last three years and that’s what gives us confidence in the 5% top line long-term. So just as Steve said, the same slide this year as last year. We have a great brand. All of these products are labeled ARM & HAMMER. The consumer trend is away from antibiotics. So, we make prebiotics, probiotics, and nutritional supplements. And we’re not wedded to dairy anymore. We’ve moved into other species, and the global growth and the growth of population is going to help us. So, this is going to be a winner for us, and this business has terrific financials. Alright. Then how we run the company? First off, you heard from Britta today, we have number one brands we have brands that consumers love. We also are friend of the environment. We leverage people. We have highly productive people and we want Church & Dwight to be a place where people matter. And we leverage our assets heavily. And if you do all four of those well, you get really good returns. But because we are an acquisition platform, we deliver great shareholder returns. If you look at how we’re incented, it’s very simple; net revenue, gross margin, cash from operations, and EPS, 25% each and all 4,700 employees understand it. I want to particular gross margin is 25% of all employees’ annual bonus. If you look at our numbers for 2018, you know we’re pretty sad about that. So we’re going to turn that around in 2019. These are the four ways we do it. So good to great cost optimization. That’s our continuous improvement program. We have supply chain optimization as well with our plants. New products we have accretive new products. All these products you saw today are premium priced and acquisition synergies. And with respect to being, a friend of the environment, in the early 1900s, we started to use recycled paperboard in our packages. In the 1970s we were the only sponsor of the first Earth Day. We were the company that took phosphates out of laundry detergent in the 1970s. And more recently, in 2018, a 100% of our electricity globally comes from renewable sources of wind and solar. And we planted 3 million trees through the Arbor Day Foundation last year. Why do you plant trees, because trees take CO2 out of the atmosphere. So, we have three goals. One of them is we want to reduce the use of water by 25% by 2022 that’s water. Second is solid waste recycling. We want to move from 67% to 75%. And here is the big one. We intend to be carbon-neutral by 2025, and today we are 55% carbon-neutral. What does that mean? That means we take out of the atmosphere a little bit more half of what we put in the CO2. And we’ve been getting recognized for that; Barron’s, Forbes, FTSE, the EPA, Drucker Institute WSJ Management Top 250, all of them recognizing the efforts we’re putting into this. Alright. Now financials from Rick, come on up.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. One of the things I have said upfront is that we see an opportunity to reduce promotional spending in the laundry category. If you looked at two big household categories right now, so if you looked at laundry detergent and litter and you looked at the last six quarters, you see that the fourth quarter was the lowest quarter in 1.5 year. Unilaterally we think because the strength of our brands and the strength of the consumer that we can go further.
Matthew Farrell: It’s never enough, Kevin is it. We have got a 6% algorithm. We said we are going to hit the 6%, but…
Matthew Farrell: Yes, okay, alright. Well, I am very curious to hear what Steve has to say about how big the international business can be particularly in China.
Matthew Farrell: I am going to let our attorney answer that second question. So I will take the second question first. So you know that there is no property that is sold in the United States without us being aware of it. So any book that’s floating around, we have it. So we look at everything that comes to market, but we never tip our hand with respect to what we are going to hunt for or if something is imminent. But rest assured, we are very busy looking at opportunities, so that’s as far as we can go. Patrick, are you good with that? Alright.
Matthew Farrell: So one of your questions is we have some competitors talking in high-pitched voices about they are going to be investing more money, whether it’s P&G or Colgate or Henkel. We don’t view this as something new. These guys have been spending lots of money the last few years. So I don’t look at this as a sea change. So Henkel, for example, yes, they bought a business a few years ago and they got bigger in the U.S. Obviously, they want to make a big splash into premium laundry and they have with Persil. They have less than a 3% share today. They do have other brands in the mid-tier and in value, but we have been winning in value for the last 2 years and it’s not from them lack of trying. Our share of laundry today is 15%. 2 years ago, it was 14.1%. So we have had huge growth in the last 2 years and it’s defined everyday. So we don’t really view this as something we got to sweat. If you go back to Henkel and mid-tier, one of their brands is all. Two-thirds of all is a sensitive skin consumer. That’s not the lion’s share of our brands. So obviously, it’s something we are going to watch. I would imagine OXICLEAN liquid laundry will get knocked around a little bit up in the premium tier, because of average for Persil, but that’s not something that we think is going to influence our 2019 results.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. So, with respect to pricing, when we say 30% of the portfolio is price that’s across all three businesses. It’s U.S., International, and also Specialty Products. Within Specialty Products, it’s the bulk sodium bicarbonate driven by rises in soda ash. As far as announcements go, yes, they have been announced. The 30% has been announced globally, and one of your questions was have competitors moved in the U.S., the 30% they all moved. So, it’s still early days. This is just a measure of price elasticity, but we’ll be watching out over the next 3 months to 6 months.
Matthew Farrell: So, here’s a fun fact. So, we have just about the same number of employees on December 31, 2018 as December 31, 2017. And we expect to be the same way December 31, 2019. So, we’re a really lean shop. And one of the beauties of that is it forces the Company to prioritize. We can’t do everything. So, we just focus on high-value activities. Who’s next? Let’s come forward here.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, okay. Yes, generally, investors are only interested in things that are red or that can hurt you. So, we would generally say 7 out of 11 is a win, that’s a high five year.
Matthew Farrell: Okay, so XTRA, XTRA has been in decline for a number of years up until this year. So, this year we’re just slightly – a slight decline in 2018. So, we – actually that is a good story for us. That one almost turned green. We almost got to 8%. So that’s terrific and one of the reasons that has done better it’s because of our Odor Blasters campaign. We brought Odor Blasters into the XTRA story.
Matthew Farrell: Nik, I didn’t hear you thank us for providing that scorecard so that you could ask that question. Okay. Anybody else? Here Caroline.
Matthew Farrell: Look, whenever you build a plan, you build some flexibility, so you have some bullets to fire if something different happens. So, of course, if there’s something unforeseen that happens, we’ll react to that. But I don’t have anything to add to what I said earlier about what our expectations are. We actually think we can pull back further on promotions in laundry in 2019.
Matthew Farrell: So while we have a robust continuous improvement program, it’s just that in ‘17 and ‘18, all the cost increases from – ‘18 I should say, outran whatever we could do with continuous improvement. And there was another step up this year with costs, but not as much. It was 250 basis points in ‘18, I’d say 190 basis points negative in ‘19. But as Rick said, we’ve got a lot more juice in continuous improvement, but not enough to overcome that next year. So, pricing is what gets us over the hurdle. But we still see plenty of runway in future to become far more efficient as a company.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. We’re going to pull the plug right now. Thanks for coming today, gang. We’re very enthusiastic about 2019. We’ve got a lot of confidence in delivering our plan. Thank you all for coming today.
Rick Dierker: Yes, sure. The question is why is cash flow over-delivery from an incentive comp perspective a drag to gross margin rate, right. Well, we have 4,700 employees, two-thirds of whom are at the manufacturing facilities all over the world. And so when you do incentive comp or salaries, that goes through direct labor or overheads at the plants. And so increases in compensation flow through the gross margin line as part of COGS, so that’s why.
Rick Dierker: And then your second question on gross margin just the curve, largely because of commodities it’s, I’d say, first half, second half. So the first half will have to be down on gross margin, the second half will be up on gross margin, because of the timing on commodities.
Rick Dierker: And I would just add to your question on volume versus price mix, probably two-thirds price mix and one-third volume is a good kind of general direction. And then in terms of why you are growing faster is kind of the crux of the outlook on revenue. And 3.5%, we think is a great number relative not just to our history, but also relative to the peer set. We are not going to go lead with a 4% growth when the rest of peers are growing 2%. So is there conservatism, maybe but 3.5% feels right at this point in time.
Rick Dierker: I would just add to that, it’s also a pay-as-you-go model. I mean, these guys are doing a great job. We’re not calling out of our EPS or investment like we’re spending millions of dollars in China, that we spent millions of dollars going direct in Germany. That’s embedded in our outlook of 7% to 9%.
Rick Dierker: Yes, great. And then, Olivia, your second question was on gross margin and mix continues and tariffs continue. I already talked about tariffs, right. Tariffs are implicitly in there, but we’ve already priced those. Those prices are effective already. And so from a profit dollar perspective, we’re protected, right. If those roll back then great. From a mix perspective, this was a year that we just missed gross margin in a big way, right. I was here a year ago and I told we were going to be flat and then commodities came in a big way, transportation came in a big way, and mix came in a way. So, we planned 2019 a little more conservatively from a mix perspective. So, I feel pretty good up here in February talking about it.
Rick Dierker: Good question. Three things, one, and this is just consistent with our evergreen model. I’ve said it many times. If we can grow our SG&A dollars at half the rate, we can – we grow our top-line. That’s worth about 15 basis points, okay? We’ve done the math there many times. We get about 15 basis points again just from incentive comp, right. Again, we really blew the doors off the cash, and so that is going to be a benefit year-over-year in 2019. And then the third thing, we’re really – working really hard on systems and automation, whether it’s the quality system, whether it’s our PLM system for R&D, our SAP system or whatnot. All these systems that we put in place so that we don’t have to add people that we get more effective and efficient that way. So those are the three reasons.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I’ll take the first one. So, the question is organic versus what Nielsen would say. So, I think organic for us is 4% for consumer domestic, Nielsen was 3.9%. And you’re right, typically we’ve had around, I don’t know, 100 basis points of a tailwind from untracked channels, whether that’s online or club. It was 150 basis points this quarter, so that 4% – 3.9% plus 150, right, becomes 5.40% 15 [ph] and then we had incremental couponing that was already in place 6 months ago for Q4 around one of our laundry brands. And so that part brings it back down because coupons are not in Nielsen. So that brings it back down as well as some SRAs, sales returns and allowances back down to 4%. So that’s how you get there. It looks like it’s the same, but there’s really two moving pieces.
Rick Dierker: Yes, no, what I’m saying is and Matt said, we have a simple incentive comp program, 25% each, but when cash flow maxes out because of great working capital management, the P&L expense for that is split between SG&A and cost of goods sold. And so it’s only 10 basis points or 20 basis points really. I mean, we’re going through to – maybe 20 basis points on the gross margin impact from higher incentive comp.
Rick Dierker: Right. So we – but typically in industry if you protect, you price protect for the retailers for a period of time, right, because they have their own pricing policies of, yes, you can do your announcement, but you’re going to protect me for 30 days or 60 days or 90 days, right. And so what we’re saying is there was a price protection program even to our pricing to retailers, but that’s all labs and so in Q1 and going forward, it’s a new retail price.
Rick Dierker: We don’t let – I mean you limit the amount that can ever happen, it’s an immaterial amount. We limit the amount our retailers can order when you have a pre-buy for pricing.
Rick Dierker: No, it’s not. Gross margins are on par with the company. Now with tariffs, it’s a few 100 basis points lower than the company margin, right, but normal operating – normal gross margins are on par with the company.
Rick Dierker: Well the household business, WATERPIK rolls up in the personal care business, but when the household business grows faster and if the WATERPIK business grows faster with tariffs, then that’s a negative drag on mix. But we were conservative when we planned 2019 was my earlier comment.
Rick Dierker: Yes, let me answer the second one first. And really Steve Cugine’s Group is doing a great job with WATERPIK, right. They had explosive growth internationally. We’re not changing the price of WATERPIK internationally. But when you have explosive growth internationally and sales are higher than you expected, then all of a sudden, the tariffs which you thought were going to be in inventory are now flowing to the P&L. That’s what happened.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So we have a great network of contract manufacturers making the WATERPIK products and we’ve been working with them for a number of years. We are exploring other alternatives outside of China, but as Matt said, it’s a complicated product and we don’t want to jump the gun on that given that the tariff situation is pretty dynamic right now, but we’re doing our homework, so that if they’re here to stay, we will have some options hopefully.
Rick Dierker: And the other thing that’s kind of under the radar, but we put a slide up about it was how much progress we’re making with our productivity program. It was plus 80 basis points in 2018, plus 100 basis points is the outlook in 2019. We’re in the early days of reinvigorating our productivity program with incremental dedicated resources in R&D and supply chain. So, we’re doing things that give us the flexibility, the degrees of freedom so we can confidently say 25 basis points is the evergreen model.
Rick Dierker: Yes. We’ve said – we’ve said in the release, we’re already talking to retailers about categories beyond the initial 30%. As far as when that would hit, we wouldn’t be able to disclose that. But those conversations are happening right now and particularly in the personal care categories.
Britta Bomhard: Sure. I can talk about investment in Amazon. So, I think with all our marketing investment we actually evaluate efficiency. So, Amazon’s part of the mix, and from that we read rather how effective it is. We don’t do it like specific by any retailer ads. It’s much more about what can we achieve in total results.
Britta Bomhard: Of course, at Amazon, I would say what you will see is that effectiveness in their advertising, if you go on their sites, the search engine has been improving. So, with that, yes, we are investing with Amazon in line with the results we’re getting.
Britta Bomhard: Sure. So first of all, I have to extend more love to XTRA than actually Matt has done. I think if you look at the laundry category in total in the different price segments, XTRA competes in a very value-priced tier. We’ve actually done significantly better than anybody else in that segment. And as I said, we were so close to being flat. It was minus 10 bps in market share in the end of the year. So, I think that’s a tremendous improvement and if you look at total laundry, an absolutely success. So sorry if I think there is a little bit more passion behind XTRA and we love this brand. Secondly, I would say on ORAJEL. You might have seen it. We had an FDA change of mind regarding benzocaine and teething products and that has had an impact. We are the number one in teething and in young kids, and as we had to withdraw from that segment that’s why you’ve seen a decline. But all our other ORAJEL businesses, so we have canker sore, you’ve seen the new strips, and the kids toothpaste are doing very well. So, that’s actually, as you know, sometimes regulation can be surprising.
Britta Bomhard: Well, that’s a very philosophical question. So first of all, question is how many of you have millennials in your household already? So first of all, I would say what do we see. I mean, we’ve all heard about it. Maybe a little bit more sheltered lives early on later moving out and forming their own households, a little bit more, how would I say, media consumption very different. I think we’re showing how we’re responding to that in all our different avenues. Overall, I see nothing, but opportunity for us. I think millennials are great, because it gives you opportunity to have a dialog with consumers going forward. And as I would say, we are very fast, agile at adapting, that works in our favor.
