Unidentified Company Representative: I am sorry. I leading my leadership team up here Bruce Fleming, Head of Marketing; Jacky Brova, the Head of Human Resource; Mark Conish, Head of Operations; Pat de Maynadier, my General Counsel; and Louis Tursi, my Head of Sales; and [Ric Trukcer] who is our number two guy in Finance. So we will try to see if we can feel this now we’ll talk into one our specialists here who’d been some key drivers behind the company.
Unidentified Company Representative: [Jason], to your second question, if things get hot again out there from trade spending as we did this year we have two levers to step on we would step on SG&A probably first and try to squeeze even harder and if we had to last resource we’ll step on the marketing volume. I think Mat that comments just towards the end of his time, a lot of our competitors are cutting marketing spending in 2015. They cut 2014 they’re talking about cuts in 2015, we’re not, but if pricing was a problem you can be wrong on price out there but hopefully pricing now is kind of stabilizing out in the marketplace and we’ll spend our advertising dollar and again if the trouble happens, we always have the S&G lever to pull, don’t talk my employee but we’ll put hard.
Unidentified Company Representative: So we have lots of, we have seven inputs that are most volatile that we have talked about in the past. So we have just going to run to employee again. There is surfactants resin, paper is probably be your big three. After that you probably have palm fatty acid distillate and then diesel oil and then followed by Latex. So we’ve probably got 6 or 7 right there. And I hate them all. As far as the hedging, diesel we have more hedged now than we were this time last year. Some of you who read 10-K so you are going to pick that up you are going to see we are 60% hedged and this up for ’15 last year around 30% so we are sad about that, we put less hedges on diesel the good news is on currency is as is said we got ahead of that. So we are not having as bigger heard as you would expect on the currency line. Some of the other ones that I discussed were not hedged at all, I won’t go into which ones, but on a fully loaded basis we are less hedged today than we were last year going to 2015 with the excision of diesel. 
Unidentified Company Representative: So it’s not just Steve, so I think all people would look at oil and so oil is down 50% therefore everything else must be down 50%, it’s not the case. So resin for example is down 10%. So it takes time for it to work their way through the supply chain and through the inventory. So I think heard lot of CPG companies saying expect the benefit more in the second half than the first half. So that’s kind of diesel story, that’s all the inputs.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well we said we are going to be flat to year-over-year in the first quarter. So the 43.4% last year first quarter. So, no help in the first quarter so obviously the next three quarters are going to have to be bigger than a 25% expansion. So yeah. 
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean it’s very competitive, the children’s gummy section is very mature. So I think that the vitamins for kids took thirds of it is already in gummies, so is there is not lot of room there. So it’s super competitive. We are still the number one there. We big a gap as we had before so in measured channels, L’IL CRITTERS is 28% share and Flintstones also the 28% share which is there, but that excludes COSCO and that's were huge in COSCO, so with COSCO we're sort of number one in kids. But yes people have woken up two earliest competitors and we'd see a lot of the people are successful in gummies right in children's gummies coming with characters. They license characters. So that sells with kids where we don’t pay a license consequently we have a higher margin because we just have the L’il Critters. But we haven’t gone that path with the characters.
Unidentified Company Representative: But again we're more focused on adult for those 21 times of size of a kid category and $7 billion category with only 8% penetration of gummies right now. I just had my annual physical at John Hopkins a few months ago and I was talking to my doctor and he was asking about the business. I told him we send we sell vitamins so I sent him a box of gummy vitamins. And he just wrote to me back the other day his mother-in-law was in town that she tasted the vitamins she loved them so much she took on the bottle of gummy vitamins which is exactly what I've always said I dare anybody to try a gummy vitamin in the adult and if you don’t switch from your hard pills you're crazy, you're done. Pass the microphone back there. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Correct me if I am wrong. But in the fourth quarter of the five other power brands three of them had share up two had share down the one with share down pricing situations one was extra actually which is our lowest priced laundry detergent has been hit hard by all the discounting going out there and we're fighting back and extra shares actually coming back and pretty much plus or minus now and then first response has been hit hard again by one of our competitors there's been a lot of deep discounting on pregnancy kits, so we're fighting back the share losses were minimal they weren't big at all innovation wise we're just as strong on those brands launching all new forms of products across those brands so I feel very strong but it's again we are putting more of a focus on the mega brands because the dollars family be a lot more brands. But we haven’t cut back that much on other still planning appropriately honestly we haven’t faced as much competition on an advertising basis in those categories as in the past some of our competitors have pulled back an advertising going into price. So we're trying to find the right balance.
Unidentified Company Representative: The best answer to that is answer the vitamin category is not heavily advertised category. When we saw what happened a lot of competitors doing buy one get one free, they put lot of money in the promotion, they weren’t put the money in advertising so people just honestly were not aware to this day I meet people many adults I go to and say hey should we try a gummies vitamin actually my kids taken, I say no we haven’t for doctor like they have no idea. So I think this year we increased our advertising spending by 25% or some like that this year, there is still sort of a very low base the business we bought. So it’s something we came trying to raise the budget, and we are starting the promotional competition and that. Centrum is in there. One a Day is in there. The money has started to come through. And we do a lot of in-store trials, as I swear to god and he will be another Costco and things like that they got a pop gumming your mouth and that’s when like my doctor example, his mother-in-law, his 70 year mother-in-law taste the gummy she is like unconverted but she is never knew the exist before until I literally gave him a free bottle. 
Unidentified Company Representative: I would add that demographic wins in our favor too, because a lot of parents who have been giving their children gummies over the last 20 years which relatively new form of vitamin is now they are rich in age and they are thinking what can we do for ourselves, as a further parents. So we see great upside as Jim mentioned before on the 8% of the adult vitamin category is in the gummy form. So there is much more run way there. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Something 3 to 8 in just two years. I mean that have seen like but that’s pretty big shift overtime. We want to get the double-digits in 2015 and keep growing. So we are going to launching new forms stuff along, but the bigger thing is advertising and trials, driving trials because people just, it’s not a category like laundry detergent we spend a money it was never a big advertised category blame the competitors that it included company we bought they just a advertise at least the people does really won’t aware of it. And the kids did because the kids wouldn’t eat anything but a gummy and no problem taking they will take the hard pills they are used to it, the parents switched the kids to the gummies the kid would not eat the hard pills so that’s why gummies popular with kids but this is right. Our advertising target today is people who are parents of kids to ate gummies, because gummies because they are the like hey my kids and we find many times that parents were stealing the kid’s gummies out of the in the morning and popping a few, so that’s the case. We just got keep spending on the advertising keep driving the trial. 
Unidentified Company Representative: The Q1 were same 3% but on full year percent 2 to 3. So there are two things one is Q1 authority has come so last year we were 1.4% organic. And they look at that is specialty products although all are going to 3%, they are going to coming like lion and act line lan. So they are going to do fairly well in the first quarter but they are coming back down to earth in a hurry. So they won’t look like Q4 specialty products but abilities in the first quarter. 
Unidentified Company Representative: I don’t think something we're very on top of, we're very careful that we put exactly in the vitamins what we say I am not going to comment on the competition, but we are aware but our quality control as we have stepped up spending on quality controls since we took over the business. The just to be clear that article by about urban products we don’t have in our product business and we to get something are products that we have couple of urban ingredient. So we are unaffected by that announcement. 
Unidentified Company Representative: That will generally held margin , almost all of the power brands growth margin is slightly above the company average, some within, Arm & Hammer is the complex one, Arm & Hammer has some forms that are below company average, some above. It depends on that which ones are hotter colder at times but generally it’s a positive and TROJAN very high gross margin vitamin is little bit up company average another way to think about.
Unidentified Company Representative: Another way to think about household generally has lower gross margins, personal care higher, so you got look at our house personal care growing. The second piece of it house international growing, so that’s largely personal care business going to help you think about where you going to get gross margin expansion from.
Unidentified Company Representative: Mr. Travel came in late from Atlanta already there are some other more important companies we’re going do.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right and remember we said earlier Chris is that personal care is where the higher margin is, so that’s where you want to concentrate your growth in the future. And acquisitions one of standards that it has to be accretive to the corporate gross margin and that has certainly helped us overtime and needs to continue where we’re going to 50%.
Unidentified Company Representative: The only think I would add to it as Matt and Jim have said before that we’re enhancing our systems and so we’re looking forward through the systems enhancement how to improve our efficiencies within all levels of our spending trade coupon et cetera. So we’re looking forward other ways through enhancements of our systems moving forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes I mean as Matt said several times our personal care acquisition almost always comes with higher gross margin, OxiClean a household business came with personal care type margins but yes I mean generally we'd love to buy a business with the best possible gross margin yet that's generally personal care business but honestly I'm quite agnostic about also by a great household business to your second point's kind of interesting because of what's happened in currencies right now, everybody in their brother is looking for a U.S. based acquisitions. So U.S. based acquisitions have become very hot because the dollar situation the foreign currencies so maybe a little more competition there I somewhat look at that as maybe there's good opportunity get a great buy on a foreign company and things like that so we haven’t cut back it all on our look around the whole globe for good acquisitions paying a fair price for them, so I mean we're just out there trying our best to find the right deal out there. But I mean you haven’t seen that many acquisitions happen honestly in the industry it's been kind of quiet I think honestly part of it is because the stock market has still been so strong I think a lot of Boards are sitting there going hey yes organic growth is not good hey yes we got problems but hey the stock's up 20% what's the problem and let's not go make the big deal on that so I think to fight being super cheap it's a perfect time to take debt leverages out there there's a lot of companies are sitting back and just saying I'm not going to make the move because there are no perfect deals out there the perfect little company with the one brand that you just want to add your portfolio it's usually a company that's got a great business and then a lot of we call hair a lot of things you don’t want to buy that are added they’re selling you the whole bundle and a lot of our competitors we believe have stepped back and said we don’t feel the need to go out and buy that bundle and bring it in the house here because things are good stock price is up a bit, so it's I think most investment bankers despite telling you it’s a very good year overall for deals we'd tell you they've got to be much bigger year for deals in that so everybody still looking at maybe the currency has caught more focus on the U.S. based companies selling but I don’t know we're just active we're very active I'm very tired looking for deals, so we're working hard on them. All right I'd like to do one thing special here today before we sign off. There's a personal room today one of your colleagues who's retiring after many years in the business often times rated a 5-star analyst Alice Longley in the back of room there. She just announced her retirement recently gift for Alice today is something for first time ever we've done this Alice come on up here for a second. As we do with all of you, we consider you all good friends, Alice sometimes we call the dentist because she would drill us on earnings calls on every line of the P&L until she had an answer then she would ask us again, so Alice what I have for you today is something I want you to open it up to show the crew here, Bill you’ll get a big kick out of this. Who wrapped this? Somebody with a knife open it up -- and then you'll get arrested going outside but what we have here is a chart that we have only ever gave through, we only ever given before to retiring members of Church & Dwight either staff or Board of Directors and what the charts shows us outside of the covering our company September 29, 1998 she put a buy on us. And what this chart shows is what’s happened to Church & Dwight’s stock price since that time versus the S&P 500. And you invested a $1000 when Alex told you that’s a $1000 back on September 29, 1999 and held it for today that $1000 to be worth $11041. If you invest that $1000 to S&P 500 it would be worth only $1615. So there you can see you get that over there. There you can see the total shareholder of Church & Dwight stock price if listen to certain analysts. And there you can see if you invest money into S&P 500. So this probably goes in the walls of all the retiring members of our company and our Board of Directors and we wanted you to have it too my dear, thank you. 
Unidentified Company Representative: She said she would try to down grade us on success few times but we still succeeded. So anyway we love you and good luck in retirement. For the rest of you today we showed you our plans, we feel very proud the results we turned in 2014, 2015 we think our outlook is right on the button going forward a very tough year of all the foreign stuff going out but we are going to deliver outstanding results compared to our competitors or often negative EPS numbers call for next when you take your currencies in to effect, deliver you 8% real reported EPS next year, which I think half of the pack of the industry. So with that I thank you for coming on a very difficult weather day and please get home safe and sound, thank you.
Louis Tursi: Okay with respect to your first question, I think one of the things I am sure everybody is tracking what’s happening with respect to how much you sold on deal in Q3 versus Q4 that was quite an improvement and if you look at so the four weeks end of January 17th I am sure everybody is going to look at that, that period looks a lot like Q4 rather than Q3 so that’s sort of early thinking with respect to.
Louis Tursi: Yes, there is nothing much more to add then what you just said, so it has subsided in the back half of last year specially the fourth quarter. And we’re going in not knowing exactly where it’s going end up for 2015 where our company does an unbelievable job and react to whatever they do.
Louis Tursi: Yes, the only thing I would add Bill is going in 2014 we knew from the beginning that this is going to be a multiyear launch it was going to be a one hit wonder. And we needed to spend behind it over a multiple years. Jim and Matt said earlier that’s exactly what we’re going to do and we’re fully guns blazing in 2015 again to help support that whole launch. We’re also introducing some new items and you asked how is the distribution going, it’s too early to tell we should wait here. But we’ve been fortunate of over the many years Jim has a chart in one of his early ones how we’ve grown distribution. So the retailers have been very supportive of all and innovation over the years. And so we’re very hopeful that although it’s still early at that to support all launches in 2015. On the compaction there has been nothing announced on compaction when the next round would be we’ll tell you our company would participate look forward to it, but I am not exactly sure it’s 2016.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you talk a little bit about the increase in the marketing between end of October, beginning of November when you gave us the guidance for the fourth quarter and what you actually spent, and where you saw -- it sounds like that was more advertising than promotion, but where did you see the benefit from that? Because it seems like in the fourth quarter the big upside surprise on the revenue line was on specialty, which you don't advertise. And it seems like the first quarter is only going to be 3% top-line growth. So, I'm wondering how confident you are or how happy you are with the payback from that incremental spending.
Unidentified Analyst: There was an article I think today about some retailers being charged with selling product that actually didn't have in it what it was supposed to. Which we were wondering if that would affect your vitamin business at all. Or if it's good for you because you can defend that, in fact, if people analyze what's in your vitamins they do what they say they do. Or if this is another negative piece of news for the category. I don't know if you saw the article. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then my second question just on product mix and the contribution of that to price mix and margin. If you see growth on your four power brands, mega brands, does that generally help margin? If you could just walk us through some of the big movers there.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Jim, just to follow on to Joe's question there on M&A, we talked last year at CAGNY. Is there still a personal care bias with respect to M&A? And then I think ideally you were saying at the time that the right asset could potentially have a footprint in both the US and international where you could recognize higher cost synergies but maybe expand the footprint internationally. But maybe reconcile that today with some of the commentary around the stronger dollar, et cetera. 
Matt Farrell: Yes, just to clear to be clear the fourth quarter the five versus the three calls actually it was broad based that not just specialty was actually all three divisions did better than we had expected. I mean that’s all you should think about, so it wasn’t a doughnut for you know what you’re saying if you take up the marketing spend, did you get anything back for that. So remember the international business is a component at the consumer business and the domestic business also was up as well and Jim was correct where we put most of spend to kind of mega brands.
Matt Farrell: Yes I will take that one first for FX so you're right. So if the fact that dollar stays strong for the next three years to four years then right from '15 going to '16 we would have a hit a bigger hit with this type of currency, but that is a broader issue for any multinational company. So one of the things that tends to me that a lot of investors are not focusing on is when you look at EPS people say well, here is the EPS I'm going to add back local currency some are going to feel good saying well absent local currency here is my number, but as you pointed out if the dollar stay strong in three year to four year period the cash earnings of multinationals is permanently like depressed and we don’t have that issue because as Jim said 90% of our profits are kind of the U.S. so yes we'll have some of bit of a hurry in '16 versus '15 but the good news is that our cash earnings will not be permanently depressed by strong dollar. Your first question with respect to slowing, so yes you're right we had a lot of slowing in the first half of this year and I didn’t call that out separately but I did say was that gross margin would be up 75 basis points in 2015 for three reasons and it was commodities good to create in a normalized environment for pricing so it's all kind of motion in there and within that you have trade, coupons and slotting. So there are a lot of variables coupons is a multiple of slotting. We did call that out last year because we were going after so much new distribution for OxiClean but the math is far more complicated than that so we're 75 basis points up from those three factors and then we had FX and the new plant 50 basis points going other way.
Matt Farrell: I would just add to into two examples like Jim said if they were both specific examples of highly aggressive competitive pricing activity, in both those cases.
Jim Craigie: We at the end of quarter at about tweaking about 12.2 which is lower than our annual average and as we saw the quarter progress and things are pretty looking good, it’s a big quarter for brands like TROJAN, TROJAN really bit at end of the fourth quarter and things like that, it’s a big quarter for laundry detergent so we have the opportunity to go back and spend that. We felt very good Bruce Fleming get his gang lifted the talk with the agencies. There was good quality advertising out there. So whatever we can and still deliver we promise, we went out there and spend the money and the organic results speak for themselves with a good quarter and we think it gave us momentum coming into 2015. We’ve done that in the prior years too so the payback ratio is always -- we can’t even calculate that for another couple of months to look back and done things like that, but we always feel we have good return on the money and again the organic at the first time, organic was good, the sales results were good, 20% EPS was good so whenever we get a chance to support our brands, we did have the honest and we had assigned and some competitors were pulling back. So it’s kind of competitive advantage for us to step up the gas and category we’ve faced competitors out there. So we took those abilities to do it again only because we knew we felt we can make sure we can deliver the goal we felt for fourth quarter EPS once we felt that was pretty solid, we then lose put some money in the marketplace when we had a good chance for quality advertising out there, it was advertising, it wasn’t trade. It was advertising dollars.
Jim Craigie: We’ll also get -- I do think [$2 gas] is going to be a good thing in the economy. It’s got to help out. But, again, if you look at our aggregate categories across the year, the 13 or so category look in the aggregate categories grew on the year 0.2%. Again we still delivered 3.5% growth. Fourth quarter little bit better was 0.6% growth. So even with that we still count 2% to 3% of category growth. I will wondering where is this money is going. Hey we all saw Apple’s results, iPhone sales roof. My personal belief the majority of the savings from lower GAAP prices, lower energy cost is going to go into more discretionary category, such as iPhone, such as digital game, such as restaurant sales and things like that. I don’t think people are going to rush out and buy more laundry detergent in two phase and Cat Litter and things like that.  Again we haven’t seen, okay, 0.6 was one of the best quarters we had in the fourth quarter but it’s not the old days for 2% to 3% category growth in that. So I am not going to step out right now and tell I see stronger category growth in 2015 which we haven’t seen yet. 
Jim Craigie: Bill, I think it is a massive platform by gumifying of the OTC world especially for kids. It’s a typical because you have to unlike vitamin where you have vitamin levels in that you put in vitamin you could eat the whole jar and it won't kill you. When you are dealing with actives whether it's cough and cold or aspirin allergy medicines you have to have the exact amount active in the gummy and maintain the exact amount of active in that gummy for 18 months to 24 months, that’s the truth and that’s what we are trying to correct right. We believe we can but it takes time to get there. So we can’t just unlike launching other vitamin which is relatively easy getting into the OTC categories is much more difficult and it’s just taking time, but we do see as a big opportunity. 
Jim Craigie: You’re probably right since we’ve run a lot of price force and competitions since 2009 and that our goal is still long term to be 25% to 50% basis points of gross margin growth as we get start and we haven’t had a massive acquisition since 2009 of high level gross margin on that, but we still believe overtime we can gross margin on average 25% to 50% basis points, so that’s kind of our goal getting into there.
Jim Craigie: I can’t answer the first it’s powerful based on some stuffs looking at one of our current other power brand looking mega brands possible, but I am not considering more than that. M&A environment is very interesting we’ve been very active I think I’ve said to you I’ve spent more time and my team spent more time in 2014 pursuing acquisitions they never before. One of the reasons I made this switch and promoted Matt to COO was besides the fact he’s been voted the number one CFO for like five straight years. He was get little bored. I want to spend more time looking at the acquisitions looking at the long term strategy in that and he was already running the day-to-day business anyway, so I gave him that promotion but allowed to me to spend more time with my team looking acquisitions. It’s an interesting markets. It’s interesting because acquisitions should be very hot, debt so cheap, everybody wants organic growth, wants the good sales growth in that. I would tell you generally sellers are little greedy. I will give you a roundabout case we had one this year within the ballpark of $0.5 billion acquisition price you're very interested in it, very high gross margin. We were told at the competitive bidding process, we got very deeply involved, we chased it in the end, we assessed a proper bid that was a little less than what the seller wanted, but that actually due diligence in using proper multiples in the marketplace for sales. And then we got a phone call saying you're out and somebody else can win the bid. So guess what's happened nobody's won the bid. It was bologna, there was nobody else in there and our bid was the best they didn’t get they want they pulled back which is what's going to happening in the M&A market to some extent so and I'm happy because I would have felt awful if we had raised our bid to giving what they want and then found out like some of our competitors have found out that they were the only one they got snickered by the investment bankers and they're paying a higher multiple that really wasn’t justified and really took a way lot of the accretion from the deal you can get so we're very diligent about that we spent a lot of time due diligence we pay a very fair price but in the end we're not going to just pay any price to win a bid and bringing the house say hey I'm in an acquisition not going to do that I'm very prudent about our shareholders money.  And the fact that I would say it factors and we've spent a lot of time and just other than the nicer small deals we've landed we're very happy about. We haven’t been able to land a big deal yet, but I'm not going to feel the pressure to do that until we find the right deal for the company because when we find them, you see the history the history is fantastic. We buy good businesses. Most of the things are on table there were acquisitions over the course for the last 10 years, 15 years we grow them, we build them, drive the company's earnings up, it’s a great story but we have our process, we have our rules, we have our due diligence it's unbelievable. We uncover stuff on deals sometimes its deal killers that some other guys don’t uncover sometime and we just we do our hard work, so we're working hard. We're working very hard on it, but can't tell you when I'm telling you we're just we're working as hard as I were to find the next great acquisition for the company and we have the money so I'm not going to just spend it on something that say the dumb acquisitions. More questions.
