James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have good results to report. I'll start off this call by providing you with my perspective on our second quarter business results, which you've read about in our press release morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and to discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I'm very proud of my company for the second quarter business results that we achieved. Despite headwinds from continued weak U.S. consumer demand and a highly competitive environment, the Church & Dwight team delivered solid business results in line with our 2014 plan. As you know, our 2014 plan is driven by our balanced portfolio of value and premium products, the launch of innovative new products, aggressive productivity programs and best-in-class management of overhead costs and cash flow. As you've heard from many of our CPG competitors, consumer demand is very weak. We are facing the same tough business environment, as consumption was flat or down in 8 of our 13 categories. While we have taken actions to remain price competitive, we believe that innovation is the key to delivering strong sales and earnings growth in the long term. Despite the tough business environment, our goal in 2014 is to not only deliver our aggressive business targets, but to drive share growth across all of our major categories via innovative new products. Innovation has been the key to our past success, as shown by the fact that over 32% of our sales in 2013 came from new products launched since 2007. As promised, we launched a record number of innovative new products in 2014 across every one of our major categories and 3 new categories. This represents the first time in our company's history that we launched a great new product in every one of our major categories in the same year and the first time that we launched into more than one new category in 1 year. In the first quarter of 2014, our sales force did an incredible job in gaining incremental distribution from retailers in every category. Gaining incremental distribution is the first key step to driving future sales and profit growth. So we got off to a great start. In the second quarter, our goal was to initiate strong consumer demand for the new products via increased marketing support. We also met this goal, as we achieved record quarterly share results on 3 of our 4 mega brands and share gains on 3 of our 5 other major brands. These 9 brands represent over 80% of our sales and profit. While there's still a half-year to go, we are right on track to deliver our aggressive EPS target of 7% to 9% growth despite the difficult headwinds, which are driving many of our competitors to forecast lower earnings growth. I'll now turn the call over to Matt, to give you some specific details on our second quarter business results.
James R. Craigie: But Jason, we've done a lot in terms of IT systems to be able to keep overhead down. And we look at some organizational design things. So I would tell you the vast majority of SG&A savings is enduring.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Steve, I mean, I can't speak for competition. I can just tell you about what happened is, as I said, we didn't start it. We don't like it. We prefer to grow through innovation. We've taken appropriate actions to deal with it. And I'm confident we'll deliver our 2014 EPS commitments despite it and exit the year with momentum.
James R. Craigie: Yes, it's a great question, Steve. Honestly, we don't have a spine of measure on that because we launch new products in the base, as well as launching into the new categories. The real key there is the efficiency of marketing spending. We just saw in OxiClean this year because we launched into 3 new categories, plus we had innovation on the base. The whole businesses is up 35%, if you count all the sales against it. And it's just an efficient way to go-to-market because if we spend money on OxiClean laundry detergent or OxiClean dishwashing, it halos to the whole business. So at this point in time, I can't honestly give you an answer to the fact that the difference between the new categories versus the base because it really depends on what we do in each of those categories going forward in that. But it's just -- the core is that we -- the 4 mega brands we have right now are about 60% of our revenues. And we're spending about 75% of our marketing money against those 4 because you get the biggest bang for the buck. So you're going to see that overall, the 4 mega brands are going to be the biggest drivers of our future growth. I just can't tell you within the categories they cover what that will be.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Nik. I wish I knew more. I mean, all I can tell you top line, as I said, 8 of our 13 categories were flat or down in the second quarter. That's all -- it's honestly only a little worse than it's been in prior years. It's not like a major falling off the cliff. I don't have anything specific, I have no personal thoughts. It's just the people just have less disposable income out there and they're having to make hard choices and having to stretch their product uses over time in that. And I just don't -- I don't see any improvement -- we're not counting on any improvement going forward. That's why it's very important to us to put out products that offer a great product, but also great value. And that's what we're particularly known at -- known for. But I wish things are going to get better. I don't believe the headlines in USA Today talking about things looking brighter out there. We're going to continue to operate on. We're plan for the worst and hope for the best.
James R. Craigie: Well, I will say Procter has stepped up the game out there, in terms of trading coupon support. I mean, just walk into a Walmart and look at their displays on that. So Procter has absolutely stepped up support. Good news is the category actually showed some improvement because I think between us and Procter, stepping up support, people are trading back up to the better brands, and it'd be a better ring in the store. So despite the increased intensity out there, particularly from us and Procter, categories starting to move in a positive direction.
James R. Craigie: Well, Kevin, I mean, unit dose is a great product, great innovation. Kudos to Procter that innovation is driving the category. We have participated. We had a product out there before Procter got out there. They've obviously been putting a lot of their marketing support behind it. We decided to focus more in the liquid business, which is over 70% of the category. So we're out there. We've got a great product out there. We have more innovations coming along that product line. So the -- it's now about 11% to 12% of the total laundry business. So like, again, we look at priorities and we put more of our energy behind the liquid side of the business, 70%, and we put a lot of energy behind launching OxiClean liquid laundry detergent. We also launched that, by the way, in a pod form. But the liquids remains the key focus right now. But I totally applaud Procter on the unit dose product. Great new product. They're there. They have gotten higher than their fair share because they put the majority of their support behind it. But we're going to -- we're there and we're going to be there, and we hope to grow that business in the future.
James R. Craigie: No, not at all. I mean, honestly I always want you guys -- well, think -- 2014 is really a year of investing for the future for us. But still, unlike other companies, they'd say invest, and they pull down their EPS. We're going to invest and still deliver a top quartile EPS growth. Don't forget we put a lot of energy and a lot of cost into launching the record number of new products this year across all of our 9 brands. We've spent the marketing support behind it. So we expect that to pay off in the future. There's a lot investment there. And then, we have the pricing situation breakout in the laundry category. That has partly dented at this year. I can't project what the future of that will be, but I don't believe that's going to continue forever. So I definitely feel the investment we made in new products this year -- the marketing -- we held our marketing. Other guys are cutting their marketing. That's going to pay off. And so at the end of the day, you guys always pay us to find the levers to drive the bottom line earnings growth. We have the revenue levers one, we got gross margin, we got marketing, we got SG&A, we got cash flow, we got acquisitions. And you pay us to figure out what combination of those delivers in our top quartile growth. And we've always found a way to do that. We've quadrupled our share over the 10 years. Nobody gave us a pass last year, when our Specialty Products division tanked, but we covered that and still delivered double the EPS growth. And this year, we're having a little bit of problem with the domestic side, with the pricing of laundry. But we're taking care of that and going forward. So just trust us, that we'll always going to find a way to deliver top quartile EPS growth. We've done it in the past. We're going to do it in the future.
James R. Craigie: Yes. I think -- it was late last year, a report came out that kind of dinged the benefits from taking multivitamins. And it actually drove a category that have consistently grown high-single-digits or low-double-digits, set it back and it actually declined for a quarter or 2. Now it's coming back. Second quarter was flat. We expect the category to start growing again in the third and fourth quarter. So we heard this -- we talked to many people in the vitamin business where we bought this business. And they expect -- they said to expect these things to happen as reports come out, as they do in many, many food categories in there. So that was unfortunate, but it wasn't a surprise and it doesn't worry us at that all. And like I said, it's gone from being negative in the first quarter to neutral in the second quarter, and we see every sign it will go positive in third and fourth quarters. Distribution, we've gained a lot since we bought this business because, quite honestly, we have a much bigger sales force than the prior owner did. And our sales is doing a job in getting distribution of the current products out there. We still have room to grow on that in, and we're still cracking distribution voids every day. And I don't have an exact number on the ACV, but it's -- we're -- we still have many opportunities. Just clarify too, the real growth opportunity is in adult vitamins. We bought a business that already -- in the kids side of the business, over 50% of the category was already gummies. So we love to grow that even more, but it was already high. When we bought the business, the adult side was only about 3% of the total adult business. Now the great news is the adult business is about $6.5 billion category, versus kids, it's like $300 million. So that's actually great. So with $6.5 billion, only 3% is adult gummies. That's already more than double that. But still, over 90% of the adult vitamins to capture as we trade people up. And I have yet to find 1 person, 1 adult who I've got to try the gummy vitamins who isn't blown away by how great it tastes and wants to convert right away. And we're just doing a great job of launching all sorts of new vitamins, and there's lots of opportunities for new types of vitamins going forward that our team is working hard on. So if I sound excited about this business, I am. This is one that's going to be -- it's going to -- it's already a great acquisition for us, and it's got such massive potential going forward, that we just salivate at looking at the opportunities on the vitamin business.
James R. Craigie: Well, I'll first answer that because we're better managers in business than they are. But stepping beyond that, no, I would -- hey, look, if I felt we couldn't get there in a quality way, I would lower my call. But I feel we can get there in a quality way. Again, Matt mentioned earlier, our marketing spending is going to be flat on the year. I think that's going to be better than other folks. We already saw the upfront buy in the TV industry, announcement that some of our major players have cut back on their TV spending going forward next year. We're, at least, keeping it flat. So again, we look at share of voice, which is how much of the advertising spending in the category you have, and we see us as having at least this -- our fair share or more to help grow our shares. And second quarter was great. I think for those -- so rest of the year, I feel pretty confident that we're well-positioned on a marketing spending base to drive our brand. If I didn't, I would think about cutting back the EPS. But I really feel the combination of our programs, our new products and everything will deliver our numbers. The June, July numbers were extremely encouraging to us. We banged record shares on 3 of our 4 mega brands in Q2. July is off to a great start. So I really feel good at this point. But it isn't like we just hold to a number, but I always wanted to do it in a quality way. And I think right now, we'll deliver those results with 7% to 9% earnings growth and exit the year with momentum. I've never wanted -- we've had consistent growth. I will never over-deliver a year and then put the next year at risk. So I always want year-to-year-to-year growth. We've had that. We've had 10 great years. I mean, you should know it pained me to not do a double-digit earnings EPS growth this year. I've had 10 straight years of running this company with double-digit EPS growth. So I had a cathartic experience only calling 7% to 9% growth. So already in Jim Craigie's world, I pulled down the call from the past 10 years of history, but I still feel we can do that result, which is better than almost all my competitors, do it in a quality way and exit the year with momentum.
James R. Craigie: Alice, to Matt's point, we have some businesses like Nair that are very seasonal in the summer. And there's quite a bit of spending behind them. They're very off-season in the fourth quarter.
James R. Craigie: SpinBrush -- and conversely, we have very high margin businesses like TROJAN, which is -- has a big fourth quarter around the holidays and that. So it is a good case of product mix helping to drive that with some higher-margin products having a very strong -- traditionally strong fourth quarter and some of the higher trade businesses don't.
James R. Craigie: No, I think -- Alice, again, we would've had a much stronger organic growth in the second quarter if we had addressed the trade issue earlier. Because once we then have the marketing and we took care of the trade issue on the laundry business, month of June was excellent and now month of July is even better. So I think you've got to understand that the marketing spending was worthwhile in creating awareness out there. And most of our other businesses was fine. The laundry business dragged us down a little bit in Q2 in the first 2 months because we had the pricing issues on the laundry business, which we fixed starting in June.
James R. Craigie: No, Bill, I wish what you said was true. XTRA has been hurt the most of our 2 brands because we don't advertise it. And some of the competitors have been so aggressive on their pricing, one in particular has been doing buy 1 get 2 frees, that it actually had more impact on XTRA than it had on ARM & HAMMER. So it's been just mainly the dealing with the fact that some of the competition at the lower end has -- XTRA doesn't have as many protections to it that the ARM & HAMMER brand does. There's more advertising, more new product news on ARM & HAMMER. And XTRA took some of the brunt. But we've taken actions to fix that. And I think you'll see improvement in XTRA results in the back half of the year.
James R. Craigie: Yes so Bill, we're always going a year of -- we're always going to launch a fair number of new products. 2014 was just an unprecedented number of new products. We will still have a great year of new products next year, but not what we have this year. So as Matt saying, the spending against those will peel back and that will really help the gross margin in 2015 versus 2014.
James R. Craigie: Bill, the farmers -- the milk farmers love it when they have a situation where there's high milk prices that are still high and commodity cost -- it looks like it's going to be a record corn crop this year in the U.S., which should drive prices down. So it's an ideal environment for the milk out there because the farmers are getting a great price for their products and the commodity -- the input costs going in the feed is going to be low.
James R. Craigie: Yes, good question Chris. I mean, there's definitely more gummy competition out there. We are getting what we expected to. Double-digit growth, I think, is fantastic. And actually, the competition to me is very good because some of the bigger brands like Centrum and One A Day have moved in to the category. But that's great to me because, again, it's just telling consumers that gummy vitamins are just as good as hard pills. It's verifying the category. And again, it's still -- gummies are still less than 10% of the adult side. So I'll be very happy to take my fair share going forward of the 90% of the over $6 billion category that isn't gummy yet. And now, when you got the biggest guys in the space telling everybody they're just as good, go buy them. And I will bring you in one day and I'll sit you side-by-side and have you taste them. And ours by far taste better than any of theirs because we own our own plant. We have some unique proprietary technology in doing that thing. So there's just an advantage for us. But yeah, we've got new competition, but I look at that as a plus because, again, the biggest names in the industry have now verified that gummy vitamins are great and just as good as hard pills. And I can't imagine anybody who would still want to take a hard pill after eating a gummy vitamin.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Jason. sure. No, it's actually a very good portfolio. I mean, I just got results in for the month of July and the Nair brand hit an all-time record high. I told you TROJAN brand is hitting all-time record highs out there. So it's very good. The one business, kits -- kits has got great -- the pregnancy kits has great innovations on it. We're the first guys to the 6 day. There's a little bit of price competition there that's caused us to deal with on that side. But no, overall, still we have a brand called Batiste, which is largely an international business that's just locking out there, it's doing fantastic. We're expanding that in other countries around the world. So overall, the personal care business has actually been quite strong for us, for the last couple of quarters out there. And actually, our toothpaste business is also very strong. We started a campaign this year with a great new product with Alison Sweeney from The Biggest Loser TV show. And actually I can show you statistics that we're the fastest-growing brand in the toothpaste category in the last -- or the first 6 months of this year based on our results. So I mean, again, we're small and percentage-wise, it's a number, but we're doing great. So I'm very happy with personal care. And again, I go back to what I said to Alice before, so if it wasn't for some pricing issues in the laundry business, which we've now fixed, our organic growth would've been stronger in Q2. But now we fixed that, so this portfolio is on the back half of the year, which makes us feel so confident about delivering the numbers that, again, that EPS number that most guys aren't even near calling, but we feel confident of doing it next to the New York momentum.
James R. Craigie: Especially -- yes, well, especially in the laundry category. And the other categories should stay strong.
James R. Craigie: Yes -- no, I didn't hear their exact comments. I can just tell you, I have the highest respect for Procter & Gamble. And I do that because they do focus on driving their businesses through innovation, and I 100% agree with that. So I don't think P&G could be any more of a threat to us than they are today. They're already our biggest competitor in many categories. And -- but I like the way they compete, and I applaud that, and I want the competition to be the same way. As far as opportunity, hey, we always look at stuff. We bought the SpinBrush brand from them when they had to divest. It was a Gillette acquisition has been -- it's a great brand for us and we -- we always look at everything. So if there was something in their portfolio they were divesting that was of interest, we'd take a look. But again, it has to be a strong brand. We have to believe it's something we can grow going forward, and we'll have to see it. Again, I don't know what they're talking about exactly. I don't worry about them focusing more on their core business. I don't think they've had a lack of a focus on their core businesses. So I don't worry about increased threats from them because I always -- they're always #1 on my list when I think about who I need to worry about every day. And I'm sure -- I might be #20 on their list, but I think we're growing.
James R. Craigie: That would be bad news if that happened, Bill. I haven't seen any evidence of the pantry loading. In fact, as I said before, I just saw the month of July results come in and I was actually quite happy. I mean, the category is going back north again towards a positive direction. So despite the increased price competition out there, so that was good to me. I -- I'm not -- I hear the issue. I -- we think about it. I haven't seen it yet. And I hope the category sooner rather than later gets back to being driven by innovation. So we'll see, consumers are getting a great deal right now with laundry detergent. But we'll see going forward. I have not seen evidence of the pantry loading. We watch our inventory situation versus consumption very carefully, and it's not showing any evidence of people loading up at this point.
James R. Craigie: Yes, I tend to agree with you Bill. I mean, couponing has been up for a couple of years now. I mean, it's been up. We just -- I mean, we mentioned in laundry, it just seemed to pick up especially early this year from our -- some of our competitors in those category. I'm a big believer with you. We have a philosophy. We largely like to use couponing just for trial of new products and then not after that. However, we've seen our competitors now start to subsidize price, which to me -- if you put that on top of high trade deals, it's just ridiculous to us. But I can't control what they do. So we're making sure we're competitive out there. And I think some of them someday are going to study what's happening to them, and they're going to realize they are over-subsidizing consumers. And to your point, I think destroying brand equity when they start to get people thinking of only buying on deals. So again, I can only take care of Church & Dwight here, and we're being prudent on what we do to drive our business. And the results in the last 2 months, especially in laundry, are very encouraging to us.
James R. Craigie: Bill, I'll just say it's on the table for discussion. And beyond that, as far as timetables of what it is, I can't comment anymore at this point in time. Okay. Everybody, you've exhausted us. It's been a great morning. Very happy with our call today. I appreciate the time. I know you got a very busy day today between -- most of you are probably were on call with Procter this morning, you've got us, and there's like one other competitor following us here. So anyways, I'm thrilled with our second quarter results. Very optimistic about the back half of the year. And I just appreciate the time you took today. If you have any questions or follow-ups, please give us a call. We'll do our best to answer them. Otherwise, thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Jason, it's too early to comment on incentive compensation, as far as saying how much of a benefit there may or may not be year-over-year. It's a whole function of our 4 metrics for the full year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Are you saying that next year, if we have a blowout year, will incentive comp be higher? Yes, it will be.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Right, exactly. That's right, yes. On the first quarter, SG&A was down 160 basis points, 40 basis points came from the fact that we didn't have the average transition costs year-over-year, right? So they're not going to be reloaded next year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Jason, what -- the way the model works for us is that SG&A needs to grow at a much slower rate than our top line growth rate. That way, we're going to get leverage on that line. And that, combined with acquisitions, has enabled us to drive that number down 300 basis points over a number of years.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, I wouldn't comment on what our prospects are or events that might take place in M&A in the short term. Now we've -- this company has always been thoughtful about how it deploys its cash. So we don't necessarily go and take every dime and plow it into share purchases in order to get an EPS benefit. Many have been in the camp of saying that the company is underlevered. And that is a great ability to buy back shares to reduce -- or to increase EPS. But of course, we think the highest and best use of the balance sheet is acquisition. So this is something we visit every quarter as management and as a board and concluded that where we are, we're pretty happy with what we've done year-to-date. Obviously, it supports our ability to hit our 7% to 9% EPS growth number. So consequently, we're done for the year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Joe, this is Matt. So we're -- we don't conduct ourselves as opportunistic buyers as moving in and out of the market depending on what the share price is. We're more deliberate about if we want to deploy a certain amount of cash and buy back shares and that's why we avail ourselves on accelerated stock repurchase, which as you know, once you make a decision, you get 90% of the shares upfront and you're done. So it's -- we don't look at it as we're running a trading desk. And as I said, we're far more interested in deploying the cash for acquisitions. That's the highest and best use of the capital.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, as far as the fourth quarter goes, as we move through the year, there's less and less slotting, less and less couponing to simulate trial. The trial is -- pardon me, coupons are netted in the net sales number. And we're expecting the traction of our new products to really accelerate, as we move from the Q3 into Q4.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, the couponing -- remember, we have so many new products that are launching this year. And with new products, you're going to use coupons to simulate trial. You want people to try your new products. So once you start getting a trial and get repeat purchases, the coupons are going to start peeling back. That's why, as you move through the year, we're expecting we're going to have less in the fourth quarter, certainly in the third and then the second. And so kind of -- and we expect volumes to be better, as we move through the year for the consumer. They got -- we're better in Q2 than Q1, Q3 would be better than Q2, et cetera.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. As Jim said, we think the combination of the media spend and the trade programs that we have in place are going to drive the volumes in the second half.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, a part of it is going to be mix year-over-year, Alice. So it's product mix and business mix. The Specialty Products business continues to perform year-over-year. And their gross margin have been up quite a bit. Actually, in the second quarter and year-over-year, we can expect that to continue as we get into the fourth quarter. And volumes drive a lot of variable margin, right? So if you have high variable margin on your volumes, it's going to have a -- variable margins are, of course, are higher than your gross margins is going to influence the fourth quarter. And again, as I said before, the trial couponing is -- are also part of the gross margin drag, and there'll be less of that in the fourth quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Bill, when you think about new products, you -- there's so much couponing and slotting associated with that year-over-year so -- for trial, that, that depresses the gross margin of new products significantly. So that's -- in a year where you have lots of new products launches -- launching, you -- it's going to create pressure on gross margin. So what happens is, you get to next year, right? So now you're established, let's say OxiClean. So OxiClean is going into 3 new categories, right, high-end laundry detergent, dish and bleach. So next year, they're all established in those 3 categories, the slotting goes away, the couponing to stimulate trial peels off, and now the margins associated with those 3 products improved year-over-year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, it is because if you'll -- in the first half alone, we've been -- we're up double-digit. First quarter, we were up 12% and second quarter up 22%.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: And Bill, this is with respect to the Specialty Products business, just to remind everybody, it's sort of feast or famine with Specialty Products. And as Jim said, the last 2 years, 2012 and 2013, it's been a drag on our organic sales growth. 2011, you go back a few years, actually was a help to our total company organic sales growth. So I know we have -- really would like it always to be tracking the same way as consumer. It doesn't. This year, it's a help. It's going to be double-digits top line.
