James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have good results to report. I'll start this call by providing you with my overview of our second quarter business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and to discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start out by saying that I'm very proud of my company for the second quarter business results that we achieved. Despite headwinds from weak consumer demand and increased competitive pressures, the second quarter results reflect double-digit net sales growth of 13.1%, a triple-digit increase in gross margin versus year ago for the fourth consecutive quarter, a 17% increase in marketing spending versus year ago, with supported share growth on 7 of our 9 power brands, a 15% increase in operating income and a 20 basis point increase in operating margin versus year ago, a 9% increase in earnings per share versus year ago and a 17.8% increase in free cash flow versus year ago. In addition, I'm pleased to report that the integration of our most recent acquisition, the Avid Health company, is off to a great start. Driven by double-digit sales growth and better-than-expected cost synergies. This strong start to 2013 makes us feel very confident at this point in time towards the achievement of our aggressive annual EPS growth target of a 14% increase versus year ago. I'll now turn the call over to Matt to give you specific details on our second quarter results. Then, I'll return to provide some further insights on the key results of our key brands and provide additional details in my outlook for the year.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Bill, what's driving that is we've gotten significant distribution gains out in the marketplace through a great sales force execution and as I told you, we're doing 60% more sampling than past years. So we're doing a great job in driving the distribution and sales of the brand.
James R. Craigie: But remember, when we bought this business, the club store channel was about 40% of the total business.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Bill, we've got to be careful what we say about price lift. Generally, there's only -- we said there's only a few categories and generally it's just in laundry and cat litter.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Dara, it's a good question, but it's hard to quantify. And really, again, I can't go into details on, in fact, pricing that much. There were issues out there, we decided to get price competitive. Again, because of our focus on gross margin. The great news was that we were able to get price competitive and increase our marketing spending. So we feel fully we have addressed the issues out there and things should get better, continue to drive good share gains for us, which we want going into 2014.
James R. Craigie: Well, that's built in to our forecast. Let me just tell you, we always want to be straight with you guys. We have these issues looking forward. We don't want to be a falling knife in the sense of making a little adjustment then another adjustment, another adjustment. We wanted to reset the year on organic side and, if anything, we're being conservative. But we'll see. But it's just a case of -- we felt it's appropriate and we gave it a specific call instead of a nebulous, lower end of this or that. So we gave it a 2%. But we think that's the bottom and hopefully, things could be better than that.
James R. Craigie: I don't think -- there's nothing worse in the consumer environment. It's still weak. You know, we had issues in the laundry category for some new products launched a year ago. The good news on that is that the laundry category is starting to head back up. It bottomed out at about a negative 4.3% in the first quarter of this year, second quarter is minus 2.6% and we expect it to get better than that over the rest of this year and hopefully break into the black in 2014.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Alice, that's always our goal. We've done it for 13 years when this year finishes and I have every desire to keep that going forward a goal. The things that will help us do that is we have a great pipeline of new products for next year. We can't give any details right now but I just love what I see in the new products pipeline. We are going to be increasing marketing spending because we see gross margins being improved next year. And then we expect some bounce backs. The weather, we wouldn't expect to be as bad as this year, which will help both our Specialty Products Division and our Nair business. I told you just a moment earlier, you heard I expect improvement in the laundry category, which will also help. It's already coming back. That will all lead to stronger organic growth along with the gross margin improvement. And we always tighten our belts in SG&A and we believe that formula, we won't give you the details yet. We don't have them yet, exact numbers for every one of the P&L items. But we believe that combination will, once again, for the 14th year, lead to double-digit EPS growth.
James R. Craigie: There was just a lot -- but not a lot. There was some very aggressive competitive activity in there that impacted XTRA.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Joe, don't forget, we had some major productivity programs kick in, in Q3 of year ago. Being the new Victorville plant, we brought the unit dose product in-house. We had a price freeze on cat litter. So we benefited for the 4 quarters that followed that quarter all the way through Q2 of this year. Now, we'll start lapping that. So that's why we still have productivity programs going on. Like Matt said, they'll still drive, in the back half, some improvement versus year ago back half, but we're now lapping beyond those major programs.
James R. Craigie: No, I really don't want to get into that. I don't want to name names. There's 4 key competitors in the category. It's always a very competitive category. And I'll just tell you, you know in the past, we're very good at it, that why our share has grown consistently, and we do what we have to do to continue to drive share growth in the category.
James R. Craigie: Yes, actually, this will be the Discovery Channel portion of the earnings call. So the product that we make actually replaces electrolytes in cows. So sodium, potassium, et cetera. When the weather is really, really hot, what happens is cows start making milk. So by replacing that, they start producing milk. And when it's cold, there's no need for a number of our products. That's as simple as that.
James R. Craigie: Olivia, you said more restructuring. We don’t need -- we've never had restructure, we're not going to restructure. We started small, we're going to stay small and we have highest revenue per employee in the industry. We always look for across the line how to keep our overheads tight and through cost-saving programs and leveraging acquisitions, we've been able to steadily take our SG&A and some of that revenue down over year. So we don't have the problem other guys do because we're already very low on overheads but amazingly find ways to keep taking it lower. But not through major restructuring programs.
James R. Craigie: But it's very much like all the other acquisitions we've done in the past. Typically when we acquire a business, we identify cost synergies. We generally base the acquisition on the cost synergies. So we always hit them. And the goal is to exceed them.
James R. Craigie: Well, absolutely, no. We gained them, Joe, starting in Q2 and we certainly have maintained them since then. It's way too early to have any reversal of that. But we don't expect it. Everything we've gained has proven to be gold for us and the retailers. So everything is good so far.
James R. Craigie: Only if we were to launch a new product or 2, and sometimes we do that in the back half. But most of it is on the front half of the year, but there may be one at the back half.
James R. Craigie: Leigh, it's because of the distribution gains that we've been picking up over the course of this year and we expect more in the back half of this year, I would just tell you, top line, to expect continued double-digit revenue growth on the vitamin business in 2014.
James R. Craigie: Well, no. Well, keep in mind that the vitamin business is only about less than 10% of our total revenues. So put that in perspective with that kind of growth.
James R. Craigie: No, we were not anywhere near the bone. We're very lean and mean, but honestly, my team, as I told you before, it's 25% of their bonus every year and they're incented to keep finding ways to deliver gross margin improvement. And then when it's that much in the culture and in the pocketbook, trust me, they keep finding ways through efficiencies from efforts within the plants, the product lines. They're putting up new products with higher gross margins. We'll be doing things again next year in some of our plants to make them more efficient in that, product mix, trade spending, all that. We -- we're all over that every day. Again, my teams have the incentive through their bonuses in that to stay on top. It's just part of our culture. It's an incredible thing here at Church & Dwight and it's shown up this year. And I told you before, we fought off the headwinds and higher commodities in prior years better than anybody else and we came out of it strong now with 4 straight quarters of 100 basis points or more growth. And so I expect gross margin improvement to be no problem and continuing to improve in the future.
James R. Craigie: I would tell you too, sorry to pipe in. While we're the #1 gummy vitamin business, we're only 3% of the total vitamin category. So, to us, there's still tremendous upside in this business and part of that is growing the distribution base, part of that is putting more marketing spending behind the company. But part of that is also expanding the product line. It's wider than you may think right now. It's quite an expensive product line. But we see bigger opportunities in the future and for competitive reasons, I won't go into what. But we love the vitamin category. It's one of the fastest-growing categories in the world. It's been that way for a long time. And now we have what we think is a competitive advantage in that category with the gummy business and we're just, as Matt said, putting lots of R&D spending behind it to make sure we can capture all that growth.
James R. Craigie: That business is doing fine. It's a small business. We're getting generally about double-digit growth on that. But it's a very, very, very small base. And I'll be honest, the biggest issue we have there is getting more retail distribution on that product line. We're working on it over time, but it's a little harder given the sensitivity of that business than anything else we have. Everything else, retailers have no problem with, so we're having a little bit of some retailer resistance on that.
James R. Craigie: Yes. I mean, the laundry category was a steadily growing category until PODs was introduced and it was introduced last Q2 and the category shrank 0.2%. In Q3, the category shrank 1.3%. In Q4, the category shrank 3.2%. And in Q4 it shrank 4.3%. Now, that's 4 quarters. We're coming out of it. The category only shrank 2.6% in Q2 of this year and we think in the back half of the year, it'll get better versus those numbers as we lap the PODs. So I think it definitely had an impact. It wasn't the only thing going on in the category but it definitely had an impact. But I think the brunt of that impact is behind us and I'm optimistic that by 2014, the laundry category will get back into a positive growth mode, which will be wonderful.
James R. Craigie: It's doing okay, Lauren. We've got a little bit less than our fair share but still a healthy mid-single digit share number on that and we're doing fine. We don't look at it within powder. We kind of look at it as a separate category in [indiscernible]. I mean, keep in mind too, for us good news; for maybe somebody else, not good news. The unit dose or you may call it POD category is still -- it level off at 8% of total laundry. It was 8% last Q4, it's 8% in Q1 of this year, it's 8% in Q2. So we're happy that, that's a leveling off and we're fine with our share in the category.
James R. Craigie: Right, right. And keep in mind, I mean, liquid is still 77%, 78% of laundry. That's where your focus should be. Powder is about 15% of laundry and PODs is only 8%. So that's our focus -- that's why we put our focus more this year on launching the Ultra Power, new ultra-concentrated form of liquid, because we want to help spur the 77%, 78% of the category rather than worrying about a new small category. We're players in the PODs category but our focus is more on liquid.
James R. Craigie: No. Oh, no, absolutely not. We only -- we told the retailers, we would only give them the Ultra Power if they put it in incrementally, and they all did. The product is doing fantastic. It represents over half of our share gains on ARM & HAMMER Liquid this year. So it's coming in very incremental and the results are very positive. I would just say on concentration, I want to talk about for a second -- the next round of concentration. I can't give you a timeframe, but it is an absolute winner for the category. It's been historically proven in this category, back several years. It grew the category mid- to high-single digits. It's being proven again right now in the bleach category as you probably heard in the Clorox call yesterday. There's mid- to high-single digits category growth. So when you talk about a product that's good for the category, good for the environment, good for retailers, good for everybody, and the consumers have embraced it, it's a winner. And I think some time in the near future here, you'll hopefully see the whole laundry -- liquid laundry category go through another round of compaction, which will be great for all players.
James R. Craigie: Well, Connie, the Specialty Products business has been long part of this company. On a year-over-year basis, it matches [ph] about half the company average. But actually on a bottom line margin basis, it's very comparable to company because we don't spend much marketing money there. Cows haven't listened to our ads in a long time, so we gave up. So -- no, it's a very good business in the bottom line and I don't see reason why we would change that going forward.
James R. Craigie: All right, thank you all very much for taking time to listen to us today. Just want to reiterate we stand behind the full year outlook in our earnings release, and again, hopefully gave you all the details. If you have any questions, give Matt a call after the conference today and we'll do our best to answer them. So thanks very much. Bye-bye.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: The other thing, Bill, is the -- what you're looking at, the Nielsen Data, is an all-outlet, right? So there are obviously unmeasured channels in there as well that affect what the number is for us year-over-year. We did say double-digit growth going into the year, but of course, we didn't go any -- define that any more clearly than that. And if you want some color on the Avid acquisition, we did want to let you know that it's performing better. We're not going to be calling line items out with respect to the brand P&L. We did say that it was going to be a double digit. We are growing share. The gross profit is higher than we expected but our R&D spend is significantly higher than when it was a private company. And as far as the synergies go, you may recall, we called synergies of about $15 million. We said $9 million of that was going to be this year and $6 million next year. It's going to be more than $9 million. We're not going to be updating the number quarterly. We're just -- we're in a really good shape with respect to Avid.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Alice, we don't call the organic growth by each of the 3 segments. We have a number out there of 1% to 2%, and that's an all-in number, including Domestic, International and Specialty Products.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, no, the weather has gotten a little hotter. If you notice it was pretty hot July, so I don't expect the SPD to be the same drag in Q3 as it is in Q2.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: We're to say, we're taking a very conservative approach for the back half of the year, Alice. We feel it's appropriate and, like I said, that we hope it's a better than we're being called, but we're going to -- we decided to call kind of a floor on it and then see what happens.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. I don't have a number off the top of my head here, Alice. Our overall shares on laundry detergent, all channels, including non-measured channels, was up. What you don’t see is we had some very good results in the club store channel. Brands like ARM & HAMMER Liquid was up over 10% in the second quarter if you count all channels. So I don't have it in front of me the total laundry detergent business. So we're -- I can tell you, overall, we're performing better than anyone else in the category. It's just the category is real tough. When the category is down several percent, it's a little bit of a drag. It's hard to overcome.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, let's do them in reverse order. So with respect to Victorville, Victorville does make a lion's share of not only the laundry, but also the cat litter that goes out to the West Coast, but not exclusively. With respect to the benefit of it, to the extent that, that business grows, we get a significant leverage on variable margin. We've been running the plant for a year. We continue to get better in reducing our product costs and improving our conversion rates. So I would say that is certainly going to help us not only this year, but going forward. But back to your question about the fourth quarter. In the second half, if you look at the first half, we've got 110 basis points in Q1 and Q2. So that's averaging about 55 basis points. For a full year basis, if we were flat in the second half. So we do think that in the second half, we are going to be up still a little bit more. I think Q2 -- or Q3, I mentioned earlier, would be flat, about the same as last year, which was 45.2% gross margin. But you're right about the fourth quarter. And as you move into the year, yes, you're selling more of your newer products. We try to launch new products at higher-than-average gross margins. And we continue to get more and more benefits from the gummy vitamin business, so that's higher than expected and that's -- and Q4 is a big quarter for vitamins. Historically, it's the biggest quarter of the year. So there are a number of things that are influencing the gross margin year-over-year growth. So I would say flattish in Q3 and then up a little bit in Q4.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Bill, we're not going to comment on the breakout between Domestic, International and SPD. You're right that gummy business is a big driver in the fourth quarter. Obviously, we do expect growth from the Consumer business in both Q3 and Q4, but not as much as we had expected historically.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, it would be really unusual for us to announce to retailers and competitors what our gross margin is for that or any other business, frankly. You remember, we bought a business at a 38% trailing gross margin and we've said that we're ahead of schedule, but we're not -- I don't expect today or in the future to call out gross margin by quarter. But I can say that we are very happy with where we are today.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, we've said in the past that 12% to 13% is the sweet spot for our marketing as a percentage of sales. And at that, a far more important measure is tracking your share of voice versus your share market. So what you're spending is always in relation to your competitors. So we follow that very closely and we're typically over indexed, meaning that our share of voice is significantly higher than our share of market.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. So really short answer, Joe. No. Well no, we -- you're right, we said $15 million, we said $9 million this year and $6 million next year. And of the $9 million this year was split, a 50-50 between COGS and SG&A. And next year was -- that $6 million next year was all SG&A. And what I said earlier is that we're ahead of schedule. This year is going to be more than $9 million and the total is going to be more than $15 million.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Caroline, this is Matt. So, yes, you're right in that this was a privately-owned business before and obviously, the capabilities that we have from an R&D perspective are far more expansive than what they had available to them. And we obviously have grand plans for this business, so we're immediately getting after ideas we have to expand the business. So it is significant -- we're spending significantly higher than what they would have spent in the past.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Was more mix, actually. And remember, we had a goofy comparison year-over-year where we were down last year. So we had an easy comp.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: It's hard to say. The international markets are just as competitive as the domestic market. So whether or not that price sticks, remains to be seen, the price piece of it.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: It's a good question, Connie. I don't have the number for you but the answer is, yes. And that's because the gross margins for the Specialty Products business are half of what the Consumer business is. But I don't have that math for you handy.
