James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have outstanding results to report. I will start off this call by providing you with my perspective on our first quarter business results, which you've read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details of the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and to discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I'm very proud of my company for the first quarter business results that we achieved. Despite headwinds from weak consumer demand, the first quarter results reflect solid organic revenue growth on top of a very high year-ago base, a triple-digit increase in gross margin versus year ago for the third consecutive quarter, higher marketing spending, which supported share growth on 7 of our 8 power brands, record quarterly operating margin of almost 22%, a 15% increase in earnings per share versus year ago, and strong free cash flow. In addition, I'm pleased to report that the integration of our most recent acquisition, the Avid Health Company, is off to a great start, driven by double-digit sales growth and better-than-expected cost synergies. This strong start to 2013 makes us feel very confident at this point in time towards the achievement of our aggressive annual EPS growth target of plus 14% versus year ago. I'll now turn the call over to Matt to give you more specific details on our first quarter results, and then I'll return to provide some further insights on the outstanding results of our key brands and provide additional details on my outlook for the year.
James R. Craigie: Well, Michael, in the first quarter, it had very minimal effect. Most of the distribution gain occurred right at the end of the first quarter, and in fact, it's still occurring early in the second quarter. So the second quarter though, much bigger impact from that than the first quarter, and then even a little bit more in the third quarter when the full distribution is out with all the accounts. So as I said in my presentation, this is the biggest year of distribution increases in my 9-year history here. And it reflects the retailers adding shelf space for our brands because of their very strong and continuous share growth.
James R. Craigie: Well, Jason, I would tell you, our cost-saving program have been a long part of the history of this company and it's a terrific program. I mean, we're already looking at cost-saving programs 3 years out right now and working and planning on them. So this isn't some sort of new culture at Church & Dwight, this has been part of our culture for a long time. As far as you said, you've, I think, made comments about the pricing environment out there or the activity out there. I would say we're seeing maybe a little uptick in the merchandising activity out there by some competitors, but nothing significant.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Joe, honestly, we don't have an exact prediction of category growth going out there. I'll just tell you, we're doing everything possible to drive category growth because I told you, 7 of our 13 categories we track were down in the first quarter, and that's 6 of the 8 of our power brand categories. So it's something that concerns us. So the good news is that we're going to be launching -- the innovative new products we launched were terrific and we're going to be increasing marketing spending behind it. I would say the early signs are terrific. We mentioned, on gummy vitamins are -- consumption growth was 38%, and that's supporting an 8% category growth. Tooth Tunes had a first quarter consumption growth of 12%, which is helping drive its category up 12%. Orajel's single-dose cold sore was up 45% consumption in the first quarter, that helped its category grow 16%. In the Oxiclean Dishwashing Booster, another one of our major new products, has now achieved a 10% share in its first year, and it's helping drive a 10% category growth. So we are very concerned about the environment out there with consumers and the anemic category stuff and we view it as our role to launch innovative new products and support them with strong marketing support and get these categories growing. And also, I didn't mention, our biggest one of all is our effort on liquid laundry detergent. We're launching a new Ultra Power laundry detergent product, that's the new next level of concentrate, we call it 4X, terrific product, it's a win-win-win across-the-board. It's a win for consumers, it's easier to handle for consumers in store, and it's environmentally friendly. It's more versatile than PODs, but our consumers going to adjust the usage to loads, both big and small, they can also pretreat with it, and it's a better value. We're giving consumers 20% more loads in the product. It's a win for retailers, they get reduced distribution costs, higher shelf return on investment. It's a win for manufacturers, it's lower distribution cost and packaging. Again, this in the liquid category, which is 77% of the laundry detergent market out there. And we know from history, liquid compaction's a proven winner. The last run of compaction liquid laundry detergent drove the category up 5%. Currently, you've heard from folks at Clorox, the current bleach compaction's driving their category up 6%. So this is something we want to really pound behind, early results are very promising. We just started launching this product in late Q1. We got great distribution that was incremental to our existing laundry detergent line. Early, early, early sales results are promising and it looks like it's driving incremental sales. So we're taking the lead here to get growth going to Liquid Laundry Detergent category, which was down 10% in the first quarter. And that's a not a good number on 77% of the category to be down 10%. So we're taking the lead on the next round of concentration that we got a great product that will be a winner for everybody out there and maybe our competition will wake up and follow our lead.
James R. Craigie: No, I would tell you, Joe, it's a little bit of good news and bad news. The bad news is that PODs is clearly driving the decline in the laundry category, and the second big factor is the price decline by our friends in Cincinnati in powder. The good news is that PODs penetration of laundry has flattened out at 8%. It was 8% in Q4 of last year, and it's 8% in Q1 of this year. Other piece of good news is we'll shortly be lapping the launch of PODs, that was started in Q2, Q3 last year. And so that will -- that impact would be behind us. And we feel proud of the fact that our laundry detergent, liquid laundry detergent brand, ARM & HAMMER, was the only one that launched a unit dose form that didn't suffer lower sales going out there. So we feel we're in good position, we're glad, hopefully, that POD impact is shortly behind us. And again, we're going forward to focus on something that brings attention back to the liquid category, which is 77% of the market.
James R. Craigie: Well, Bill, as we kind of said, the new distribution and the new products both came on very late in Q1. So yes, I do think you're seeing a little bit of acceleration of our share results and some sales results. Then again, merchandising's lumpy. Sometimes, you have a lot of merchandising in one month and then a month, you don't have it, then a month, back. So it's somewhat of a combination of the new distribution of new products and new merchandising. And yes, we've had some very, very strong results in April, but that doesn't mean it's going to be every month like that. But overall, we feel very confident now that, that will deliver the 3% to 4% sales growth that we have. And that's -- in the old days, that would've been an okay number, but when you're doing 3% to 4% against category growth that's really basically flat, that's even a more terrific result.
James R. Craigie: Chris, our desire would be we'd drive another round of compacting all liquid laundry detergent products out there. Again, that was a huge proven winner 4-plus years ago, drove the category up, and it's a great win. I mean, it's great for the environment, it's great for sustainability, as they call it. So the consumer wins, the environment wins, the retailer wins by saving money on distribution costs and gets better shelf return to get more bottles on the shelves, so we're fewer out of stocks. And in this case though, in this case, something new, as we passed some of the savings on to consumers, we put 20% more loads in the bottle. So consumers, the size getting easier to handle in store and helping the environment, less waste out there, they get 20% more loads. So this does drive the category out there, and consumers do love liquid, it's still 77% of the business, they can adjust how they use liquid, you can't adjust the PODs, you can pre-treat with it, you can -- it only makes sense, consumers have little loads, big loads, heavily soiled, lightly soiled, you can't -- we have the versatility of liquid out there. So we're trying to bring the attention back to the big dog in the category, which is liquid, and do something which we think will be good for, again, the consumer, the retailer and the manufacturers in this category. And we're taking the lead to show everybody and hopefully everybody else will realize this, they should, history proves it, the bleach guys are proving it right now out there, that's been a win-win-win. And so we decided to take the lead even though we're not the big guy in the category.
James R. Craigie: No, no. PODs is here to stay. But as I told you earlier, it's flattened out. It was 8% in Q4, it's 8% of Q4 last year, and 8% of this year. So it's serves the need, it's a nice product, all the major brands have their version of PODs. So it's out there. I will tell you, it's over-shelved, it's about 20% of the shelf space, so I think retailers ought to bring it back to about 8% of the shelf, in line with its reach onto the marketplace. And just go forward, it's been a nice little addition to the category, but it's only 1/2 the size of powder, about -- almost 1/9 the size of liquid. So let's put the focus back in the category and most of the big part of the category is to get this category growing again.
James R. Craigie: Lauren, this is Jim. Let me take the second one first. You're exactly right, we're now showing gross margin improvement. And as Matt said, we'll be spending back roughly 1/2 of that of the marketing line, so increased our marketing support. Old days, you would say, that would help in that revenue line, but what we're facing now that we haven't faced before is weaker categories. So with the weaker categories, we need to be spending more money to get to our 3% to 4%, or in the past, that wasn't absolutely necessarily to get there. So that's the story on that one. As far the A&P on Avid, we have increased it, but no, we've spent more on the base business, that's helped out. So Avid is going to increase, we doubled the spending on that business, so it was pretty low before we got it, but we're going to get it up in the double-digit range on that to drive its sales.
James R. Craigie: No. Yes, it does. I can see where you could make sense of it. But it's a good question. 90% of our business -- of the unit dose sales are coming from liquid, which is more in line with the fact that liquid's 77% of the category. So our results, market research, show it's highly cannibalistic of the liquid business for all manufacturers.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Alice, we quoted the fact that 7 of our 13 categories were down in the first quarter. We don't really call a number on the year, we just feel in our hearts that given where the economy is going, we're not going to see much improvement out there in the categories and that's the reason behind, with the gross margin improvement, we're going to be spending back about 1/2 of that to help drive stronger share gains and the share gains will help us get to the 3% to 4% revenue growth out there. In liquid, the liquid -- the laundry detergent category overall, liquid powder unit dose was down about 4% in the first quarter, liquid was down 10%, so not a good situation going on. And as I've told some people, we're going to be working hard with spending more money in the category and launching the new Ultra Power form, which is the next concentrated form to try to get the focus back on the 77% of the business, which is liquid, and drive better results in that category.
James R. Craigie: I don't have the -- both ARM & HAMMER and XTRA shares were up in the first quarter, a couple of tenths. And I can't give you that -- I think it was 9.1% in ARM & HAMMER and I don't remember the exact number on XTRA. In the second quarter, we will drive our business, there's a combination of things, Alice. We do a more distribution out there in a lot of major retailers and we have the new products out there in the form of the Ultra Power. So we expect that to drive some continued strong share gains. I'm not going to call a number, but we do -- we expect share gains -- we need the share gains to help deliver our -- the business results we expect.
James R. Craigie: I just want to thank everybody for taking the time to listen to our call today. And like I said in my first opening, I'm very proud of my company, we had a great quarter, and we're looking forward to having a great year. So thank you very much.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, the fourth quarter is typically the strongest quarter of the 4 quarters of the year for the vitamin business, and no, there's no slowdown year-over-year in Q1. So we called double-digit growth rate for Avid for 2013 versus 2012. And we're well on track for that, not only in the first quarter, but for the full year. And the comment with respect to consumption being up 38%, remember, that excludes the club class of trade which is obviously a significant piece of the business as well. You may recall, when we announced the acquisition, that we had 4 customers that accounted for about 3 quarters of the sales, and club Costco would be one of them.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Hey, Jason, this is Matt. Historically, our organic growth rate has been driven by volume. And as you point out, in the first quarter, we had a 2.4% volume growth and 40 basis points of that negative price mix. Remember, that 2.4% is also adjusted, at least, impacted by that 1% SAP adjustment which though is appropriate. But we do expect, going forward in the future, that volume is again going to be driving our results. The only business has had been hurt on a volume basis, historically, has been our specialty products business, that's driven more by price than volume. But on the consumer side, both domestic and international, we expect volume will continue to be the driver of organic growth, consistent with the past.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Okay. Well, in the first quarter, the marketing expense was 10.1% of sales, and that's up 30 basis points year-over-year. So I wouldn't characterize 30 basis points as significant as an increase year-over-year. So obviously, Q2 is going to be significantly greater than that on a year-over-year basis. And remember that our historical algorithm as a company is that as we expand gross margin, we spend it back on the marketing line. So just as we held our EPS call for the year, yet we're saying that on a full year basis, we're going to have 25 to 50 basis points expansion gross margin. At the same time, you would expect then that the marketing line would again expand at a similar rate on a full year basis.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, the base business is starting off really well, there's no doubt about that. And it's also true that Avid is improving faster than we thought. With respect to Avid, just to kind of refresh your memory, we had targeted $15 million of synergies by mid-2014. And that synergies, those were both COGS and SG&A. Now the thinking right now is that we still see $15 million. Well, we feel really good about $15 million by mid-2014. But $9 million of that is going to be in 2013, $6 million in '14. And the way that, that would split out is the $9 million this year, I think, half and half, half is COGS, and half is SG&A. And then in 2014, that $6 million would be all COGS.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Oh, as you know, we don't -- for competitive reasons, we don't talk about gross margins with respect to our brands and products.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: It's less than $9 million. And the other thing too, with respect to gross margin and thinking about the second quarter, we're up gross margin Q1 110 basis points, and marketing was up 30. So you can expect that the reverse is going to happen in the second quarter. So gross margin's not going to up as much, but marketing is going to be up quite a bit. And the impact there is, as Jim pointed out, we've got some super new distribution, so we got higher slotting, that'll happen in the Q2. And then we have lots of couponing going on as well behind our new products as well. So that's kind of -- Q2's kind of an inverse of Q1.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Bill, we have -- there are 8 inputs that account for most of the volatility in our COGS. And we're 65% hedged at this point. And I think most people know that commodity headwinds have abated. So I think that's one of the reasons why if you look at what's happened to us in Q1, that lot of our productivity efforts have dropped through because we have less of a commodity headwind. And so going forward, certainly, for the remainder of the year, we're not expecting that commodities are going to restart to climb higher. And as everybody's read, that a lot of people think the big cycle on commodities could be ending.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, second quarter is what's going to be impacted by slotting and couponing, Bill. So what I said earlier is that in the first quarter, gross margin's up 110 basis points. And we don't expect the second quarter to be nearly up that amount because of slotting and couponing behind the new products and the distribution, et cetera. As far as calling each quarter individually, a little bit too early to do that.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, when we announced our earnings in the first week of February, we raised the dividend, so we're committed to maintaining a 40% payout. At the same time, we generating lots and lots of cash here, so we did pay down $50 million of our debt. But as you know, we expect to generate $400 million-plus of free cash flow on an annual basis. So we are always in the hunt for new acquisitions. As you know, we're not regarded as a shopper, but we're regarded as a buyer. It's kind of we are aware just about everything that does come to the market. And we continue to look, but we wouldn't comment on any activity that we're engaged in with respect to M&A.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Our international business historically has grown in a similar fashion as the domestic business. We have a 3% to 4% algorithm and they've been able to meet or exceed that historically every year. The businesses that are doing well in the quarter are 3 countries. One is the U.K., there is Mexico and the third is Australia. I'll start with Mexico since that is probably the biggest winner. We've been making great inroads down there with respect to our household products within ARM & HAMMER south of the border. In Australia, Australia has historically been our fastest growing business, and if you look at any of our prior year earnings releases, you'll see Australia is almost always one of the drivers and we got some terrific products over there. Curash is a local brand that's been growing year after year which is a children's rash brand, as you could probably guess. And finally, the U.K., U.K. has some success with respect to pricing and pulling back some trade spend without losing any of our volume. And by the way, you're probably also familiar with the Batiste brand, which is the dry shampoo, which we bought over in the U.K. And it's been growing very, very rapidly and continues to drive results in the U.K.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: I think, there's more to come out in Victorville. But generally, we build the plant, this plant has been going full blast since July of 2012. So once you get into a full year, you're pretty much rocking. And we have put more capacity in there and it's to the extent that we're able to leverage our fixed cost, it'll obviously drive our gross margin.
