Rick Dierker: Yes. Okay. Kevin, it's Rick. I'll take the commodity piece really quick. Maybe two-part, maybe to give you comfort on the back half gross margin expansion as well. But, we're about 80% hedged from a commodity perspective. And remember, we said if we could hedge those, whatever key 6 or 7 commodities that a lot of the volatility does go away. We do have a lot of confidence in gross margin expansion in the back half as we are lapping some of those higher commodity costs in the back half of 2020. Just as an indication, ethylene, for example, in the first half of 2021, is up 70%. If we keep that current spot rate for the remainder of the year, the back half would be up 30% versus the second half of 2020. So, like I said, we are confident in some that. And that's why we think we have confidence in the back half gross margin expansion as well as the price/volume mix.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So, I'll let Matt take the categories and mobility, and I'll just talk about the insurance and the recall. So, trying to be very clear that the potential impact is up to $0.04. We think it's relatively limited to that. To our knowledge, there has been no additional shelf reset issues. This was a small window of production. We've been very clear in the release that we've talked about. And that's kind of the extent of it.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Andrea, I think Matt's commented in his prepared remarks, about 13 of 16 categories being positive in April, and that's pretty broad-based across household and personal care. So, all those social distance impacts are starting to mitigate.
Rick Dierker: Yes, sure. And I'll do it two ways. The first way, I'll just give you some of the details of the full year outlook. Remember, in New York, in our annual -- or at CAGNY, we gave you a full year outlook on gross margin, gave you the pieces. So, I'll do that again, and then I'll kind of bridge it to you. So, the full year outlook for margin is plus 200 basis points for price/volume mix, plus 120 basis points for productivity. So, those are the two big tailwinds. Price/volume mix, for example, is a lot higher than it was, given all of our expectations for, number one, lower promotional spending but higher pricing and really baseline volume is doing better than we expected. Then, we have inflation down 300 basis points. And then, tariffs down 40. M&A, up 20. That's how we get to zero. Now, if you take a step back and you think, well, the first half of this year, to get to zero, the first half is going to be down about 235. And the back half is going to be up about 235. That's a delta of about 470 basis points. So, why are we convinced that we can go from the first half down to the second half up? 200 basis points of that 470 is because of price/volume mix, those are the actions that we took -- we talked about. The other 300 basis points is really cost related. Inflation, I gave an example in relation to Kevin's question, that ethylene, for example, is up 70% in the first half of 2021. HDPE is up 85% in the first half of 2021. Ethylene is only up 30% in the back half. We keep current spot levels. HDPE is only up 50% if we keep current spot levels. We're lapping tariffs, right? We had tariffs in the year ago numbers in the back half. We had some higher COVID costs in the back half of 2020. So, those are -- that's a little bit more color, but I just wanted to walk you through.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And just to give you a little bit more color, Rupesh, our outlook in February for organic was 3%, and that was 2% domestically, 6% internationally and 5% SPD. Now, we're thinking it's closer to 4%, and that's 6% internationally and 6% rest.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I do think that -- remember, we're comping over periods of time a year ago that we're just super depressed. And nobody was in retail stores and are doing shopping for devices. So, I do think it’s also a comp.
Rick Dierker: Well, it certainly does, right? I think, I gave the example of the Board the other day that in a normal year, we might have one force majeure for one of our suppliers. In the quarter, we had six. So, there is tightness in supply. Our ops and R&D teams are doing a great job getting substitute suppliers or working with suppliers to get through that -- have largely on cap. There's always stuff we can hand to mouth on. But by and by, we've announced everything most.
Rick Dierker: And Bill, I think what Matt was trying to allude to before is, some of the compaction activities that happened with some of our competition kind of means that our price gaps aren't really that aligned versus historical levels.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I'll take the -- just change in the organic outlook and what brands are driving it and Matt can add on. So, Lauren, it's really two or three things that are driving the confidence and the strength in the outlook from 3% to 4.5% as the midpoint. Vitamin is a big one. WATERPIK is doing exceptionally well. PTK our pregnancy test kit business is doing well. So, it's kind of broad-based. Those are all -- those three that were certainly helping raise our outlook. Now, in terms of laundry, real briefly, we review share and information all the time. Really, there's two things. Really one primarily is unit dose. Unit dose is down slightly in share. And that's not because consumers aren't choosing to buy our product. It's because we continue to have a transition from making that outside to bring that in-house. And so, outside supply is very tight at the moment. But, the good news is, we are in the ramp-up stage right now to bring everything in-house. So, a short term blip.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I'll also give you an optimistic comment. All of our assumptions and our outlook include assumptions that our competition doesn't follow-up. So, we've taken down the volume on the elasticity and everything else. So, that's kind of a conservative way to do it.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And a lot of our brands are value brands, and even in the laundry example, despite any increase, the price gaps are in line with historical levels and are great values compared to competition.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And just to add to that, we talked about in the release about personal care categories that are up double digits in consumption, but partly because there's low comps a year ago. But gummy vitamins, as an example, Matt referenced, it's growth on top of growth. And if you look at most of our categories and whatnot, it's growth on top of growth, because April last year, we grew, but April of this year, Matt just said, 13 of 16 categories are up. So again, growth on top of growth.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Hi, Jason. I thought I gave some context to it. I hear you on absolute numbers. I think, I'm trying to explain that we're going to -- we have a lot of confidence in being up in the back half. And part of it was the comp on inflation, the comp on COVID, comp on tariffs. But, underlying that, remember, all the things we talk about with our Evergreen model are certainly true, right? Our productivity program over the last couple of years has almost doubled in relation to where it was just five years ago. So, we have a new capability that's offsetting these things that has been masked for a period of time because all this inflation, all these tariff discussions, all these COVID costs. So, that's certainly coming to bear in just a great way. MPD, as an example, when we buy businesses that have higher gross margin and simply add as well. So, ZICAM, even though, as an example, that revenue number will be lower than we had hoped for because there's zero cold and flu season, the margin impact is still a tailwind. So, all those things that are structural are also tailwinds. I think, over the long term, we have a lot of confidence in the Evergreen model, expanding gross margin. We've got to get past all these one-timers, like tariffs and whatnot. But I really do believe that we have more upside, more room to run. And so, I do think that we're going to be into the higher 40s over the long term.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So, not year-over-year, but just sequentially, do we be lower? Right now, like all of the inflation, as an example, we are assuming that it's kind of a spot pricing. We've locked in, like I said before, about 80% of the commodities. So, it's really the absence of higher inflation, the absence of higher tariffs, the absence of higher COVID costs, in theory COVID costs should actually help us in the back half. We don't have the same extent. And all those things help. But then, we're going to get the positive price/mix that's new to the portfolio. That is incremental pricing on those brands that Matt talked about. And then, the incremental productivity program that we always talk about as well in the M&A tailwind. So, those are the kind of the things that are structurally higher.
Matt Farrell: Yes. That's the right way to think about it. I mean, the price increases were -- or the cost -- input costs were very acute in the laundry category. So that's where we thought we had to move. But, as far as -- we wouldn't speculate on any other category but what we might do later.
Matt Farrell: Well, certainly, the focus on health and wellness is going to benefit not just our gummy vitamin business, but our WATERPIK business, which has been just a high single-digit grower perennially since we acquired the business. I think what you're going to find is that 2021 is going to be kind of a reset, that as we live with COVID this year, we'll be able to grow from there. But, we have such a broad portfolio, both in household and personal care. We do think that we're well-positioned, frankly, for '22 and beyond.
Matt Farrell: Yes. As far as the categories go, just give you some color on that, the gummy category was up 19% in Q1. And even depilatories were up 9%. Again, people who discovered depilatories a year ago were using at-home solutions. So, those are a couple of examples, two of the categories, we expect it to be elevated this year. Litter is another one, and there's 6% more households that have cats. So, that's sort of the tailwinds for litter. And there were a number of categories we expected to recover, for example, water flossers. Water flossers was up 29%, just the category in Q1. And even electric grooming was up 3% in Q1. Dry shampoo was down 1% in Q1. So it's way better sequentially. And we have -- as I mentioned in my remarks earlier, we had a record share and we grew sales in Q1 year-over-year in dry shampoo. And as far as the ones that will decline, baking sodas already start to decline in Q1. Toothache as well was off 3%, that category in Q1. And also cold shortening, as Rick made reference to the ZICAM category, was down 70% in Q1. So, that gives you a little bit of color on what's going on in the categories.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Well, remember, in the gummy category, we have number one brand. So, let's start right there. We know the transition from pills and capsules continues to gummies. I mentioned earlier that household penetration is up. So, the households that were already buying VITAFUSION L’IL CRITTERS gummies are taking more, and where new consumers are being attracted to the categories. So, we stand the benefit from that being the number one brand. We've had a lot of success with new products over the last couple of years. So, we're able to spread out on shelf. And something else, too, is you may recall from earlier calls that we had third-party production come on line late in 2020. So, our end stocks are way better right now. So, a combination of all those is what's going to sustain the elevated consumption in 2021.
Matt Farrell: Yes. So, on a full year basis, we're still expecting 6% from International. The engine for International growth in the last few years has been the Global Markets Group. So, that does spread your risk quite broadly across many regions around the world. So, we're not wholly dependent upon the countries where we have operations. And you may recall that Global Markets Group is about a third of our business, and it's been growing at 15% or better for the last 4, 5 years. So, we think that will be sustained in the 2021, Rupesh.
Matt Farrell: In 2021? Yes, absolutely. Look -- I mean, it's common knowledge that the incidence of flu and cold and cough is way down. So, it's affected many, many brands in the category. We remain focused on the fact that we have the number one share, and we had a 73% share in cold shortening. So, it is a strong brand. We bought it for the long term, and we do expect it to be a contributor to organic growth, particularly in 2022 and beyond.
Matt Farrell: I wouldn't think that that would apply to water flossers just because of the growth rate that we saw beginning in 2017 when we first bought the business. So, it's a high single-digit growth for the past several years, and we have so much opportunity internationally. That's where all the growth is going to come from long term.
Matt Farrell: Yes. It's a super easy comp year-over-year. So, I wouldn't be swayed by the fact that the category might have been up 29% in Q1. But long term, it's going to be a grower for Church & Dwight.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, I think this stimulus can affect virtually every category. I mean, the way to think about the economy, the way we think about it is, savings rates are up. Now, stats that I've seen is 13% of disposable income. And the average for the last five years is between 6% and 8%. And certainly, stimulus checks are helping those in need. There's labor shortages, right? So, there's -- more jobs are available and average hourly earnings is up. So, I think all of that suggests that the household balance sheets on the consumer is healthier and getting healthier. So, I think that benefits all of our categories.
Matt Farrell: No, our decision with respect to raising price in laundry was unilateral and was driven by the cost increases that we've been experiencing. My reference was just simply the fact that, hey, over the past 12 months or so, our competitors had raised their prices by reduction in ounces and things like that in their products. So, consequently, we didn't see that raising prices on our part was going to create a difficult gap for us in pricing.
Matt Farrell: Yes. We've talked about this in the past. And you're right, we've kind of gone sideways since we bought the business for a variety of reasons. When we bought the business in 2018, it had net sales of $186 million. And then 2019, $180 million, and then last year, $171 million. So, this year, we expect to be up approximately 20%. And the reason why we believe that is because we've got a nice array of new products to go with our existing products. And I mentioned those in my remarks, got a body cleanser, face cleanser and some mani, pedi products, which are really good. Plus, we've got influencers now that are getting behind the product. So, notably, Ashley Graham and Dove Cameron. We also have a celebrity Halle Berry, who is pitching FLAWLESS. So, I think -- and all of those are hitting in 2021. So consequently, we're optimistic about the future for FLAWLESS.
Matt Farrell: Yes. As far as the laundry category, Lauren, if you look at Q1, ARM & HAMMER gained share; XTRA did not. We have been prioritizing ARM & HAMMER for quite a few quarters now, throughout the pandemic. We do expect that shares could be impacted certainly by our actions with respect to price. I mean, that's pretty normal. So, how competitors react to that is unknown. And certainly, if competitors were to raise price or reduce promotions, less sold on deal, obviously, that could affect our shares as well. But unpredictable right now. But, we're committed to raising price starting July 1.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Hi. It's sort of an umbrella statement, Steve. We've pointed out to investors for years that we have a balanced portfolio between premium value. And when you have number one brands, typically, you're going to fare better in difficult economic times than companies that do not have number one brands. So, we like where we are right now, going forward. We think we're in a good position.
Matt Farrell: Just based on looking at consumption patterns in the categories and consumption equals usage. I wouldn't point to pantry loading or panic buying anymore. I think, it's a steady state now, Steve.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I think, one way to look at it is, if you look at the period like February, March, April last year, that was down versus 2019. So you sort of have easy comps year-over-year. And when you look at kits in the first quarter, we said the category is actually up about 23%. And that's one of the categories we thought that would fall back a bit in 2021. So, I think best case, maybe it doesn't fall back and maybe it's flat year-over-year. But it's -- one other fact that I could give you, Nik, is that typically, if you're in a recession, the birth rate decline. I mean, I think in the last people maybe thought [Technical Difficulty]. Clearly, we are not. So, the category could be better than we [Technical Difficulty].
Matt Farrell: Nik, I think you have a future in new products. I think that's exactly the types of things that we'd be looking at. And of course, we have a great brand name at first response that we certainly put in other categories, but yes.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Hey, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Obviously, we're always available for follow-up questions. And we'll talk to you again in July.
