Matthew T. Farrell: Yes, sure. I tried to do that in my script the last few quarters. But continued improvement from commodities was worth 40 basis points. Productivity, manufacturing improvements was worth 60 basis points. Negative price/volume mix was a drag of 50 basis points, and that's largely the couponing that we talked about – and that's for the whole company. Acquisitions was worth 30 basis points higher margin businesses and then a drag of 20 basis points for FX. Now, as you know, the commodity benefit will start to continue to go down and that's in our expectations for Q4. For example, commodities by itself, Q1 was a benefit of 120 basis points, Q2 70 basis points, Q3 40 basis points and we expect 10 basis points in Q4.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, I think you're exactly right. In general for commodities next year we think it's pretty benign with the exception of surfactants which is going to be up we believe in 2017, but remember, we have our evergreen productivity program and that's really the driver behind gross margin expansion all the time and sometimes that's masked by the commodity impact.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, Kevin. That's a good question. I'm sure a lot of people would question their hearts because the business had such a falling off of this quarter versus even our expectations when we spoke to everybody in August. But we do take the long view on this business, so we don't look at it as simply a – the dairy business that it is today, and it is one-dimensional. It's largely doing business in the U.S. and largely in dairy, but we've changed the focus of that business from simply dairy to animal productivity and what we did was we bought this business a year and a half ago called Vi-COR, early 2015. And what that did was that got us into poultry, swine and cattle, and also some international products. So it got us exposure to other species. So we want to even out the cycles over time by growing into other species and also with more acquisitions. So you might say well, if I want to invest in an animal productivity business, I can go to Zoetis or one of these other companies. And I would say, look, this is an asset light business. We have the good fortune of the legacy business of this company, which is sodium bicarbonate, having morphed out of that into animal productivity. And we have a lot of science in that part of the company, which is probably not well understood, PhD chemists, veterinarians, et cetera. So we have a great nucleus of people to build upon. And because it's asset light, because you know we're a cash driven company, has all the characteristics we want to grow over time. And the big macro is you got 7 billion people today, going to 9 billion in 2050. So it's a long answer, but it probably deserves a long answer considering the fact that it influenced the numbers this quarter. Now, looking ahead to 2017, the good news is the milk prices are forecasted to start recovering next year, so it's not going to be as bad next year as this year, so we would expect some growth out of the Specialty Products business in 2017. But it's certainly a legitimate question, Kevin.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Bill, it's a good question. We've been on the sidelines with respect to the amount sold on deal. So we're not the offender, but there's been a tremendous amount of couponing by the other two players in litter. And obviously, they're promoting some of the new products that they have. But for our part, shipments were up in the quarter, and our new product, which is MICROGUARD, is the second highest repeat rate in litter only behind the original CLUMP & SEAL. So Nestlé, which is Tidy Cat, they're the big winner this past quarter, and we lost some share. So our view is that when we have innovation -- and you know us, we always do have something coming -- that's the time to promote heavily. But we're not part of the war right now.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, look, cat litter was up for the quarter year-over-year sales-wise, and as we also said that we did pretty well in the online class of trade as well.
Matthew T. Farrell: You obviously had a college job on the docks. Now look, we're doing what a lot of businesses did 20 years, 30 years ago. We have – it's not just export, it's the international team is extremely strong. We have a strong management team. Have some new general managers in a couple countries and we've been able to grow international through a combination of local brands and U.S. brands. In North America, ARM & HAMMER and OXICLEAN and TROJAN are doing really well in Canada and Mexico, even a more recent acquisition, remember those vaginal moisturizers we bought, REPHRESH and REPLENS doing well in Europe. But in export we've been adding people and resources in Central America and in Southeast Asia. That opens up a lot of new countries for us. And yeah, sure I mean, as far as the manner in which you ship, certainly we're shipping to distributors around the world, but we've got a terrific distributor network out there and that's one of the strengths of that business.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. Look, this is – the time of year is fall when you're doing all your line reviews and you're not going to really find out about planograms until Jan, Feb, March, in the spring. So that's still a jump ball.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. No. No. Yeah. No, here is the way to think about it when you think about laundry. So, liquid laundry detergent had the highest percentage sold on deal as a category, in the past two years and in Q3. We were significantly under that. So we have not ramped it up. We've had steady amount sold on deal for ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry for the past couple of quarters. The same is true for unit dose. My remarks what I said, was that unit dose is growing and it's balanced between the on deal and base. So where the couponing is for us is in OXICLEAN. So OXICLEAN as you know, we launched a couple years ago. And then Persil came on the scene, then we went sideways for a while. So we've got to work a lot harder to get trial. And it's been working for us, but it's been costly. So the couponing that we're referring to is largely for OXICLEAN in laundry.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Steve, this is probably a better question to ask first week of February because then we will be talking about what innovation we have by category for next year because as you know, the CPG business is a shelf space game. So the more shelf space, the more market share and you need innovation to bump the other guy off the shelf and take more share and get more facing. So it's an innovation story frankly, for 2017. And that's why we would have the confidence to say hey, we're going to hit our evergreen model again in 2017. Your larger question might be about the economy. And of course we see everything that you see. Unemployment is pretty steady but GDP is only 1.5% and gasoline prices creeping up, healthcare costs noticeably increasing for consumers and a median household income around $51,000. So that is the consumer. So obviously, that's hitting the consumer in the pocketbook. So it's – I wouldn't say it's the best outlook for the consumer. But from our point of view, we think that we have so many different ways to win here. We have – we've got 10 brands. We got a great International business. And Specialty Products has its ups and downs, but that will be back next year. So we sort of have a 12-cylinder engine. As we showed in this quarter, if some of them are misfiring, others will. And we are able to hit our numbers. So we aim to hit the numbers again next year, just as we did this year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, Joe. It would be the export business that would be new doors, new shelves, new countries. That's the expanding piece of it.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yes, we've had four this quarter, four last quarter. And as you know, we are more transparent than other CPG companies in that we call out our brands and we give ourselves a report card and let our analysts and investors know as well. So the four that were up were, BATISTE, VMS, OXICLEAN and Nair. So you'd say, okay, what about the other six? So one was flat; that was ARM & HAMMER. So we had growth in laundry, but that was offset by litter. So if you said, is there one that you would expect to improve next year, yeah, it would be ARM & HAMMER. So four would become five. So then you say, what are the other ones? The other ones would be TROJAN. So TROJAN, we had lost some share in measured channels, but we have strong growth in untracked channels, and that will continue to be probably a bigger part of the discussion measuring brand growth in measured channels versus all-in, which is harder to get your arms around. XTRA is certainly one that we've been suffering because of deep competitive discounting. So have been more or less on the sidelines there. So that one, we expect to turn around and obviously, it's pretty obvious what that's going to take. Orajel, there has been some pressure from private-label but we have an improved product offering that's coming out in Q4 to distinguish ourselves again further from private label, so we hope that's going to have a positive impact. FIRST RESPONSE, the issue there is we have some retailers experimenting with the split between branded and private label. And SPINBRUSH last quarter, adult grew 10% and kids was soft. This quarter it's the reverse. Kids was way up and adult was soft. But the business grew, just not at the same pace as the category. So yeah, it's a mixed bag. If you said what would be a good score? Every quarter would be, we'd say six. If you can get six out of 10 every quarter that would be fantastic. I think stellar would be seven to eight. But nine to 10 is aspirational, Caroline.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, and we should expect long-term that if we're calling 3% for the company that we would expect the International business to be higher than that year-after-year.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I can't take a swing at that one, Caroline. I wouldn't comment on what's going on with Henkel and Sun. I mean, they just closed the acquisition and – but I haven't seen anything different as far as discounting goes. They've been discounting heavily all year long, Purex and Sun. So, there's been no change to that since the acquisition.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. I mean, you do hear that from time to time over the years. But I don't think that ever happens. I think the retailers are as focused on working capital as anybody else. So I think they run pretty tight ships. So it's unusual to have a situation where a retailer is overstocked and they're cutting back on their inventories.
Matthew T. Farrell: Look, there is always going to be a certain percentage of the population that doesn't enjoy sex with a condom. But that's been a great business for a long period of time where we've got a 75% share. And being the big dog in the category, it's up to us to continue to promote safe sex and compliance.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Good questions. So here is the way to think about it. There are about 60 million people in the UK and in U.S. dollars the consumption of dry shampoo is about $60 million. So when we look the U.S., we say, hey, we've got 335 million people in the U.S. were we to have a similar use consumption in the U.S., you'd a $300 million category. So it is as simple as that. As far as where is the growth coming from, it's not simply – it is new distribution, but it's higher consumption. The category continues to grow and the good news for us is that the category is growing rapidly and our share keeps expanding. So our share expanded from Q2 to Q3 in a category that's growing rapidly. And what we have going for us is that, BATISTE is viewed as a European brand, number one. And number two, its efficacy is far better than anything else that's on the market. So it's really product performance is what's winning. So people who have not used our product and then switch to BATISTE, they don't go back. So it's – we're not concerned about other entrants. There are a lot of people in there already, Your Mother's, TRESemmé, et cetera. So there's plenty of big dogs in the category. So we certainly like our chances. We're number one dry shampoo globally not just in the U.S.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, that's a hard one to answer. I wouldn't say I can make any sweeping comment about multiples going up or down. As you know, we are an acquisitive company, so anything that is for sale in CPG, 99 out of 100 times we will get the book. But I wouldn't say that the market has peeled off or gotten any worse.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, that's good question. So it's not a function of losing share. It's entirely due to demand. The interesting thing about that business is that once a dairy farm starts using your products and particularly the ARM & HAMMER, so a lot of our products we sell under the ARM & HAMMER name and it creates a lot of weight that goes with that. So once you are with the producer, they are going to stick with you. So it's not switching or share, it's just purely demand.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. I would say no more than in the past. Our retailers, they are in a very competitive business, obviously but I wouldn't say there's any trend that we've experienced.
Richard A. Dierker: Sure, Kevin. It's Rick. Now remember, a couple things here. We had a great VMS second half in 2015. We had recovered in a big way from all the cuts we experienced in the back half of 2014 and early 2015. So the back half was like 5.5% growth, for example, and the first half was flat. So to some degree, the comps were influenced by – the slowdown was influenced by that. That's number one. Number two, we do have some incremental couponing to drive trial. That was largely a Q3 event, but we do have a little bit in Q4. And in general, Q4 going to 2.5% organic is a predominantly volume driven result. And there's a little bit of price mix in there too, but Personal Care growth, which was a little bit negative in Q3, is expected to recover and be slightly positive in Q4 as well. So hope that helps. That's a little bit more color.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And remember we said price/volume mix was a 50 basis point drag. That's predominately price in the quarter, predominantly couponing.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. You're exactly right, Bill, on both counts. Well, remember the VMS start-up expenses really did start to dissipate as we got into Q3 and Q4 a year ago. Those were predominantly even more help in Q2. And remember, we had 130 basis points in Q2 a year ago – last quarter, as a manufacturing benefit. This quarter it was only 60 basis points because we – those start-up expenses did dissipate a year ago. As far as mix for actual division mix? Yeah, you're right. The decline in SPD probably threw off around, I don't know, 10 basis points, 15 basis points, and that would be the mix line.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I'll take that, Bill. Generally, we've done, in the past few years between $200 million to $400 million of share buyback. And our authorization – we only had about $130 million left. And so just typically this year as we do our planning cycle, we go to the board and say, hey, here's our refresh for our share authorization. In the last two years we've done $500 million. We're doing $500 million again. So that's kind of a consistent approach. It doesn't mean we're going to do $500 million. I will say that if – we will be selective when we – depending on what the share price is, to either ramp that up or ramp that that down. But we do have an assumption of share count in our plan and we'll go through that probably in February.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Hey, Steve, part of it is we believe innovation wins. At the end of the day the product sells itself. And so you have to do trial, you have to do everything else to promote your product and get it in the hands of consumers. But at the end of the day our belief in litter and that's why we didn't even exist in the 1990s in litter and we're up to the number two brand in litter today – is it's innovation. And so all this price competition is what it is and we're kind of holding our own. Sales are slightly up in the quarter despite all this amount sold on deal and couponing. But we believe innovation trumps all of that.
Richard A. Dierker: And, Steve, just want to add to that is – Matt had the commentary. But laundry category up 4%, still strong; vitamin category, up 10%, great tailwind; BATISTE category up 20%. So there's a lot of good things happening despite in some other categories where there is more competitive pressure.
Richard A. Dierker: No, we haven't done it yet. It's a pretty simple calculation but we'll probably do that next quarter, give you guys an outlook.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes. The predominant of that is like-for-like growth. We were in existing countries. We are doing depth of distribution for BATISTE. ARM & HAMMER is doing great in Canada and Mexico. So it's an existing – and it's in our existing footprint.
Richard A. Dierker: Right. Remember, as we are growing internationally, a lot of those sales, remember, are Personal Care in nature versus a Household in nature. So yeah, we have Household Products in Canada and Mexico. But export business is predominantly more like a BATISTE or a Femfresh, which is Personal Care margins. So you are right, it has a better distributor margin, so maybe at the net you have a lower number, but it's on par because it's PC brands.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, we think most of it is volume growth, Joe, but we'll have to circle back and give you the number specifically.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, Caroline. We've incorrectly called this for two or three quarters. We kept on thinking International would come back down to earth and be mid-single digits, and I think we just maybe called it a little too early, and so this is really just the reality. The business is a great business, it's, we think, going to grow mid-single digits for a long time. On the edges, Europe is slowing down a little bit and Australia as well. But in general, 5% – 4% or 5% in Q4 is still a solid growth number.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Sure. It's a couple things. Number one, we don't have the tactical (41:54) couponing on OXICLEAN to the same degree that we did in Q3. We don't have the impact of the Orajel product returns/recall. On a positive note, our vitamin business and our laundry business has some promotions in Q4 that some of them were in Q3 a year ago. So we feel pretty good about the 2.5% that we called for the Consumer Domestic division. That's probably where your head is around
