Rick Dierker: And let me try to simplify it, Bill. The advertising matches when we spend the money, right? It matches -- when we're trying to launch the product. So spend in the Q1 and Q2 for the -- for new product launches was actually deferred. So we didn't spend it. We said consumption was so strong. So in Q3 and Q4, that spending for the litter and laundry innovations that Matt went through will be spent. And so it's just – actually, the dollars will go out in Q3 and Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And Rupesh, this is Rick. Just to the context. Remember, FLAWLESS was down about 20% in Q1. It's positive in Q2, which is great. Out of stocks are exactly right, when you have strong consumption like we've seen, above and beyond what we expected and we have out of stocks, and we're in the high 80s, -- mid to high 80s at retail when you do the blended average, and we expect that to improve by the end of August.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Thanks Steve, it's Rick. I'll take the investment question. Largely, it's a broad-based investment and it's hitting a couple of different lines in the P&L, but Matt's comment was right. We're back to – our assumption is normal trade and couponing levels. The shift in the first half is really just around new products. So the trade and couponing to support new products, those two launches that we talked about. We'll have incremental investments around capacity. I'll walk through those examples. That hits largely margin as an example. We did mention in my comments that we have some tariffs for WATERPIK that got reinstated. That will hit margin. Some of the investments will hit SG&A, like the R&D or IT investments, analytics. If I'm thinking about marketing for the full year, then you add the 11.5% to 12% range is still a sweet spot for us, but wouldn't really go into any more detail than that.
Rick Dierker: Just to add to that, Olivia, it's Rick is you said in the second quarter, 6% was consumption. One was couponing and 3.5% was shipments. Matt said in his comments, shipments and consumption are pretty in balance year-to-date. So that would imply that very little incremental shipments for retailers above and beyond what their in-stock levels are is happening from a July go-forward basis. So it's all consumption.
Rick Dierker: Well, our implied back half, if you take the midpoint, the implied back half for organic is around 6%. So we feel like that's really strong. We're not going to get into the quarters per se because we said all the volatility and variability is difficult to parse out quarters. We're just trying to give you a sense, more so than most people do for the early trends in the quarter, for Q3, and that's what we're quoting in July. Not really going to get into the cadence or sequence of each quarter on organic growth or what we think. But in general, the back half is still strong, because consumption is still strong.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. The good news, Joe, is our balance sheet. It's just pristine, right? We're going to be less than 1.5 times lever debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the year. And if you look at the net debt, we're just generating so much cash we're going to be closer to 1.1 times net debt to EBITDA.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, for – it was 6% for consumption, it was 1% for lower couponing, and it was 3.5% or so for retailer and stock, retailer inventories going back up. And just to take a big step back, we also bridge typically from Nielsen. And Nielsen would have said, our consumption is 2.9%. So you can imply that it untracked channel growth of around 3%. That's how we get to 6% on track in e-commerce. So that's, again, just a reminder on that bridge.
Rick Dierker: And then in terms of gross margin, I think that's what your question is on price volume mix. In the quarter, we had positive 220 basis points. So for the first half, we've largely had positive 180 basis points for price volume mix. And in the second half, as you would expect because we’re getting to normal commercial levels, and we're supporting new products with coupon and trade. That number will decelerate. It will still be a positive contributor, but just not as much. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color.
Matt Farrell: Yes Bill, it's Matt. It's hard to tell right now because, as you know, those $600 weekly checks have been helping quite a bit. So as far as disposable income goes, so that's been propping up consumers. It could be more likely that to happen in the second half. But when you talk about shares, I mean, ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry was up 80 bps in the quarter to 13.9%. But I think it's too early to make a lot of judgments about share movements, particularly looking at the second quarter because you had a few months there where you had the shelves wiped out. And depending on whether or not that you had product on shelf, dictate whether or not consumer picked up your product. So I think the important thing to think about is that, retailer in-stock levels have normalized. And so now that you have normalized in-stock levels, you can expect promotional activity to start normalizing as well because that was all eliminated from the second quarter.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, if you measure back on track by -- how sales look in Q2 year-over-year, we were actually up. So in spite of the fact that you had all these store closures, the people buying product online has helped us significantly.
Matt Farrell: Well, gummy's is an obvious one. To the extent that new product launches and gummies, I think, will be well received not only this year, but next year. I think cleaners, is, just probably an area we have an opportunity to expand. We're going to expand opportunity to expand. We're going to expand capacity there. We can improve our claims. So antibacterial claims, which we haven't had a lot of those on our products. We can now introduce. That takes a little bit of time to do that because you have to get it registered with the appropriate government agencies. But that's one that could help us, and that would be for OXICLEAN as well as Kaboom Cleaners and a few others.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Hi. Direct-to-consumer is a difficult path for any one particular brand to follow. Generally, to be successful there, I think you really have to have a great deal of uniqueness. And oftentimes, a high ring, in order to afford a direct-to-consumer website. So consequently, it would appear that the larger -- the dedicated retailer.coms, whether it's Amazon or walmart.com, commscope.com. That seems to be the destination for most brands, unless there is some uniqueness that can justify direct-to-consumer.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. With some resets, we're delayed. There was a lot of disruption in the second quarter, just because rather than reset the shelves, the retailers directed the store personnel, just to get product on the shelves. So you saw some of that, the shelves. So you saw some of that, particularly in the laundry category, but I do think it's all going to catch up by the end of the third quarter.
Matt Farrell: Well, we won't be quoting any numbers today, Kevin. But you've heard us say that we're looking to expand capacity for laundry and litter, and we're trying to debottleneck our plants for baking soda. And we've stood up some – a whole bunch of co-packers to help us on the cleaning side. So you're right. When you look at this year, you see categories that are down double-digits like Dry Shampoo, WATERPIK, water flossers and condoms. But at some point, those are going to come back, right? And – but we see vitamins is going to be at – expected that to be a permanently higher plateau. I think the longer behavior goes on – the behavior goes on the more likely it gets embedded in the consumer. So it would suggest that vitamins would be higher going forward. The cleaners would be higher going forward. That's just not as big a business for us, but it's a place we're going to invest now because we can see the opportunity with the anti back claims Baking Soda, baking soda, since people have at home have – it's been rediscovered. In fact, we're up double-digits in baking soda month-after-month. We got to debottleneck our plants. That could also be a permanently high consumption level. So it's kind of a rollercoaster year depending on what category you're looking at. But the best case would be all these categories normalize. And then we got a handful of categories that are permanently higher consumption level, which bodes well for the long-term outlook for the company.
Matt Farrell: Well, laundry is our biggest category, and we've got great brands, and we like our prospects going forward. So we have ARM & HAMMER, we have OXICLEAN. You know we're exiting OXICLEAN, so we announced that earlier this year. XTRA, XTRA has over time, slowly been taking share from one those other competitors that you mentioned. And although share is down for XTRA, we expected it to be down because we exited drug earlier this year. You may recall, we announced that. But going forward, we think that we're in a great place. We think we have a stronger brand. And we are the opening price point. We're deep value detergent. So we think going into this recession, we feel like we're well positioned. And ARM & HAMMER, I said this before, we have an unfair competitive advantage. ARM & HAMMER is a over $1 billion brand. It's an advertised value detergent. And that is not true for the other variants or the other brands in the value tier. So over time, we continue to win, and we also innovate. So you saw on our new innovation this year with ARM & HAMMER, CLEAN & SIMPLE. Simply fix. So the ARM & HAMMER, just sum take page out of Brita's book. Over the past year, the number of households that are buying ARM & HAMMER has increased about 3%. And so the brand gets stronger all the time. It's our biggest brand. So I think ARM & HAMMER detergent is in great shape. And I think Extra is well-positioned as the opening price point deep value, and particularly going into this recession, we think we're well-positioned long-term. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. It wasn't really an aggregate. We said, category by category, if you look at shipments and consumption, they seem to be tracking each other. We just said it for a couple of them, there's still more demand than we can fill. That's all. So we can sell every case of gummies that we can make, and it's the same is true for baking soda. That's sort of what I meant. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. As for promotion environment, if you just look at what happened in Q2 is like everybody just eliminated their promotions and coupons. Look at the laundry category, last year, it was around 36%, and it's sold on deal. And then in Q2 this year, it's 19%. And similarly, if you look at litter, the last year was 20% and this year's second quarter was 12%. So just this huge declines in the amount sold on deal. Because you didn't have to, right? If you had all this pantry loading that was going on. Difficulty in restocking shelves. So it just made no sense and it wasn’t just the brands so the retailers saw that as well. So now as you kind of look ahead with -- so sort of, reverse is true. So you have those categories or in stocks are back up into the high 90s. If you looked in Q2, they were in the 80s. So once you get to high 90s, you said, okay, things are back in stock. And then we say, okay, people going to start competing on the same basis as they did pre-COVID.  And I think a simple way to think about it is you got 11% unemployment. And if -- who knows what's going to happen with this is going to be another wave of stimulus will be $600, $400, $200, when will that hit? And so I think the second half dynamics will be different than the first half. So we have to wait and see, and see if things do return to normal levels. But it would seem that the fundamentals that you need to have in place would be there. I got high unemployment if you don't have a stimulus package. You don't have panic buying, your in stocks are back. So that's why I'm saying, hey, there could be an expectation for the second half.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Just to add to that, Steve. We – for marketing, remember we have those two big launches, CLEAN & SIMPLE, a lot of support moved to the second half. And then we've got the ABSORBx, really cool new cat litter. And then remember, lunch and learns, where we can't really do those at the -- at dental offices. So we're going to be ramping up the advertising for WATERPIK. And FLAWLESS is a young brand as well, so we're building equity. Heard us say that we're up year-over-year in Q2. So we don't put some money behind FLAWLESS as well. So we've got good destinations for the dough in the second half.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No, you're right. The second quarter was wicked for international. The GMG business, which is our business where we ship product to over 80 countries did extremely well. But our country has really suffered. But we do think that Q2 is likely the bottom of the cycle. We should start to see improvement in the improvement in the improvement in the global markets as the lockdowns start to ease up. Asia should stay solid, and that was surprisingly strong in the second quarter. And we expect Europe, which had steep double-digit declines in Q2. It's got creamed. We expect that to be more low single-digit declines in Q2. And our July performance, by the way, is in line with what I just said. So we had that 0.6% organic growth for international for Q2. So we would expect that the organic will improve sequentially from here in Q3 and then in Q4.
Matt Farrell: Well, we saw -- July consumption, as I said, for the U.S. business was over 10%. And if you think to what was the organic growth in the second quarter for the U.S., it was 10% plus. So, okay, that's somewhat consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. Remember, the elements of that 10% in the second quarter were largely -- well, three pieces. One was the restocking and some was consumption and some was the lower couponing. You're making the assumption that included in that 10% is restocking. There's less of that in July than there was in the second quarter.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Yes. Olivia, we had a better handle on that, we probably would have called Q3, but we don't. We're not really -- there's still a lot of moving parts, but we thought seven months into the year, we thought we had – we could comfortably call what we think the full year is going to be.
Matt Farrell: Well, people that didn’t buy online are now discovering online. So we’ve had a big pickup and we think we’ve benefited from all the work we’ve done over the past couple of year to put ourselves online. The web pages, the creative content, the storytelling, et cetera. FLAWLESS certainly benefited from online, since solons were closed and people move there and discovered FLAWLESS. WATERPIK also benefited as well. The WATERPIK crush because of bricks and mortar, people who were buying water flossers were not going to brick-and-mortar and we're turning to online. But I think longer term, because this has been such a focus for the company. We're going to – we benefited greatly. We think that the second half will be at least 13%, online sales percentage of our total sales or higher. So I just -- I think it’s a credit to our marketing and sales organization to where we are, and we're positioned to -- as people move to this class of trade. We don't expect to lose any sales. In fact, we may pick up more.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, you got to look at what the products we're talking about that international is selling. So international doesn't have the gummy vitamin business that we've got, doesn't have the baking soda business that we have. So if you look at the categories where we had big, big consumption, in the second quarter, you won't find them in international. So I think that's one of the big differences between the U.S. and the international results right now.
Matt Farrell: Yes. It's a good question. I've been with this company since 2006, and there's been good times and bad times over that period. Joe, there's always something for sale. So the -- even now. So I don't expect that there'll be much of a slowdown in the number of opportunities. And just remind everybody, we're pretty fussy about what we buy. We drive to buy as you know this, the number one or number two brands. But, yes, I couldn't really comment on multiples at this point. I think people always have a big multiples in their heads when they're selling businesses.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. So I did mention that with respect to consumption that only two of our 15 categories have negative consumption in the month of July, and those would be dry shampoo and condoms. That doesn't mean everything else is flying either. I'd mention that water flosser shipments were double-digit in the month of July. The consumption is only slightly positive for water flossers.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Well, hey, thanks, everybody for joining us this morning. We had a terrific first half, a great second quarter. And we do try to provide as much detail as we can to you and to investors, so they can get down to-date a view of where we are, and that's why we provide the July shipment and consumption debt as well as the consumption data for the quarter. And we'll do the same when we get to talk to you at the end of Q3, so.
Olivia Tong: Thank you. Just wanted to talk a little bit more about your expectations in the second half, given that July strength was pretty impressive. So can you just talk a little bit about what you think is restocking versus continued demand a little bit? You gave some numbers there. On your -- on the second half, like what's your base case assumption? Because your estimate seems to suggest a big consumptions could potentially accelerate from here. If you've mostly caught up to demand and you're going to the quarter pretty clean from that perspective. And I look at it, just compared to other competitors who have their full year guide. Yours is for organic sales that really isn't looking for much deceleration relative to your first half versus some of your peers? Thanks.
Olivia Tong: No, well, you said domestic consumption plus 6, right? And then you're looking for full year organic
Olivia Tong: …7 to 8. So I'm just trying to understand relative to the consumption that you saw in July, the organic sales is for a little bit better than that. So I'm just kind of trying to understand what your underlying thought is in terms of...
